Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fiserv Inc (FISV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.42 Billion $16.01 Billion in Sales Expected for Procter & Gamble Co (PG) This Quarter Cintas Co. (CTAS) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.5 Billion Shell Asset Management Co. Sells 3,414 Shares of Corecivic Inc (CXW) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Purchases 24,021 Shares of NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Shares Bought by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Kroger Co (KR) Stake Lowered by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Position Held by Baker Ellis Asset Management LLC Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) is Delphi Private Advisors LLC’s 6th Largest Position Ensco Plc (ESV) Bonds Trading 2% Lower Blackrock Taxable Municipal Bond Trust (BBN) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.13 on May 31st YRC Worldwide (YRCW) Earns News Impact Rating of -0.11 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Zillow Group (Z) Stock Price VF Corp (VFC) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.38 Billion $236.51 Million in Sales Expected for Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) This Quarter $7.85 Billion in Sales Expected for Medtronic plc. (MDT) This Quarter Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $5.92 Per Share National Bank Financial Comments on Cineplex Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (CGX) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) Issued By M Partners First Quadrant L P CA Has $1.568 Million Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) $16.01 Billion in Sales Expected for Procter & Gamble Co (PG) This Quarter May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages predict that Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) will post sales of $16.01 billion for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Nine analysts have made estimates for Procter & Gamble Co’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $15.87 billion to $16.19 billion. Procter & Gamble Co reported sales of $16.1 billion during the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year over year growth rate of 0.6%. The company is expected to issue its next earnings report on Tuesday, August 1st. On average, analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will report full-year sales of $16.01 billion for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $64.85 billion to $65.17 billion. For the next financial year, analysts forecast that the firm will post sales of $66.41 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $65.79 billion to $67.35 billion. Zacks Investment Research’s sales averages are an average based on a survey of research firms that that provide coverage for Procter & Gamble Co. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. The company earned $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.86 earnings per share. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on PG shares. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their price target on Procter & Gamble Co from $88.00 to $87.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Vetr upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $94.67 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $103.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “hold” rating and set a $80.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $92.23. In other news, insider Marylynn Fergusonmchugh sold 61,208 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.56, for a total value of $5,604,204.48. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total value of $5,126,855.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 250,936 shares of company stock worth $22,750,059 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of PG. Empirical Finance LLC bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $101,000. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 79.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,186 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 526 shares in the last quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 11.9% in the first quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 1,603 shares of the company’s stock worth $144,000 after buying an additional 170 shares in the last quarter. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $147,000. Finally, Edge Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 17.1% in the first quarter. Edge Wealth Management LLC now owns 1,640 shares of the company’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 240 shares in the last quarter. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.06% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $86.50. The stock had a trading volume of 4,506,197 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $89.41 and its 200-day moving average price is $87.12. The stock has a market cap of $221.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.90 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $79.37 and a 1-year high of $92.00. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be issued a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.19%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is 48.73%. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/16-01-billion-in-sales-expected-for-procter-gamble-co-pg-this-quarter.html. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Procter & Gamble Co (PG) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology The Internet of Things: Could it really change the way we live? Mercedes-Benz: The car ‘as a private retreat’, the autonomous F 015 Luxury in Motion promises to be not just a vehicle, but a ‘digital living space’ Credit: Daimler AG Alex Hannaford 6 May 2017 • 7:00am When it comes to predicting the future, Kevin Ashton is not a fan of what he calls ‘vague handwaving’. He prefers laying all his cards on the table, even at the risk of being completely wrong. Here’s one: 25 years from now, he believes, you’ll be able to live in Edinburgh and commute – in your self-driving car – to London each day via a trunk road designed especially for the purpose, at speeds in excess of 250mph. (Formula 1 racers, he points out, can already drive at 220mph, and the processing speed of a human brain is a lot slower than that of the average microchip.) For half the journey you’ll catch up on sleep or read a book. There will be no accidents. Along the way you’ll zoom past cars on another road that runs parallel to yours. There, you might see an old Ford Escort, backfiring – driven by one of the holdouts who refuse to embrace modern technology. Once you reach the city, traffic lights and street signs will be connected to the internet and they’ll talk to each other, responding to changes in traffic flow. BMW: In collaboration with Intel and Amazon, the German car giant plans to launch a fleet of driverless cars  Credit: BMWGroup Your car will drop you off at work, after which it’ll disappear five miles down the road to a parking spot that’s just become available. At 5pm it’ll pick you up and whisk you back to Edinburgh.  It might sound crazy, Ashton acknowledges, but no more so than if you told someone living in Reading in 1850 that one day people there would be commuting daily to London. In fact, if anyone’s going to have a successful stab at guessing what we’ll be doing in the future, Ashton’s about as good a person as you’ll find. If you haven’t heard his name, you’ll probably have heard of the term he coined to describe how this future will be possible: ‘the internet of things’. In 2014, Wired magazine told its readers the internet of things (IoT) was already far bigger than anyone realised: ‘It’s going to make everything in our lives from streetlights to seaports “smart”.’ The idea behind the IoT is essentially this: it’s not just computers that can be hooked up to the internet, but physical devices, vehicles, buildings, etc, as well – all of which are embedded with sensors and connected to a network. I was at the real-life equivalent of Hogwarts, but I wondered when they would figure out I wasn’t a wizard You might have a Nest thermostat in your home – connected via Wi-Fi and controlled by an app on your phone. It learns when you’re home and adjusts the temperature accordingly, and you can operate it from anywhere. This is one of the ‘things’ in the internet of things. But IoT is also revolutionising manufacturing and medical devices, reimagining cities, and helping us discover worlds beyond our solar system. Like me, Ashton is a British expat living in Austin, Texas, and I first ran into him a few years ago at a coffee van we both used to visit. He told me he was a writer (which he is, now). On his website, it said, ‘The only thing I can perhaps claim sole credit for is the name: three ungrammatical words that now label computing’s future.’ To be fair, he did a bit more than that. The story of Ashton’s involvement with the technology that’s plotting your destiny goes something like this: as with many people now in their 40s and early 50s (Ashton was born in 1967), his childhood in London was spent tinkering with a Sinclair ZX81, marvelling at the day he was able to buy a ‘memory expansion pack’ and increase its computing prowess from 1KB to 16KB. Kevin Ashton believes the internet of things could even help in our search for extraterrestrial life Credit: Larry D. Moore He studied Scandinavian literature at the University of London, edited the student newspaper, and became friendly with employees from one of its biggest advertisers, Procter & Gamble, who would later give him a job. At P&G, Ashton was working as part of a team launching a new range of cosmetics, but he wanted to know why a popular shade of lipstick seemed always to be out of stock in local stores. The problem, he realised, was that staff didn’t have time to monitor the shelves continuously and input information about stock levels – which, in the 1990s, was how most data was fed to computers. ‘The missing lipstick was one of the world’s smallest problems, but it was a symptom of one of the world’s biggest problems: computers were brains without senses,’ Ashton would later write. Computers were great at processing human-entered data, but they couldn’t sense things for themselves. In fact, he pointed out, a computer could beat the chess world champion, but it couldn’t see if a lipstick was on the shelf. Volvo: The company wants volunteers to test its self-driving XC90 Drive Me, equipped with cameras, radar and lidar (like radar but using a laser) for safety So he put a type of microchip known as an RFID (radio-frequency identification) tag into a lipstick and an antenna on the shelf, so when the lipstick was removed the antenna would relay that information to a computer, then – via the internet – to the department responsible for restocking. This was the beginning of the internet of things. In 1999, with a grant from P&G, Ashton moved to America to begin a research project at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), expanding on his work with RFI technology. Ashton notes that his move corresponded with the growing popularity of the Harry Potter books. ‘Here I was at the real-life equivalent of Hogwarts, but I wasn’t a wizard,’ he says. ‘And I wondered when they were going to figure that out – that I was the guy who read Ibsen for four years and didn’t know anything about engineering.’ Internet of things | The new essentials What he discovered, he says, ‘is that I’d been lied to all my life: great innovation didn’t come from geniuses having moments of inspiration. It was about putting in the work; finding a way through and messing up and figuring out why you messed up, and then trying something different. And this incremental, step-by-step approach to innovation was just how everybody else was doing it around me, too.’ Ashton would later write a book about what he saw as this myth of creativity, How To Fly a Horse, published in 2015. Uber, Google Maps and talking toasters We meet up to talk IoT at a café in Austin one afternoon in April. One thing that annoys him is when journalists describe the internet of things solely in terms of household appliances. ‘It’s always about the f—ing kitchen,’ he says, laughing. ‘There’s this assumption that you have to make everything about refrigerators, but it’s not about your toaster or your fridge talking to your app. ‘If it has the word “smart” in it, it’s probably not very smart,’ he adds. ‘It’s probably not a very good idea, and it’s probably not part of the internet of things. No one calls Uber “smart taxis”, right? Or Google Maps “smart maps”. Smart razors? Terrible idea. There you go, it works. Let’s call it Ashton’s Law of Connected Objects.’ Ashton says the easiest analogy for IoT is the human nervous system. ‘We understand that we have a number of sensors: in addition to the five senses we were taught in kindergarten, we can sense temperature; whether we feel sick; whether we’re standing up or sitting down. We get multiple sources of information about the same thing flowing to one place where we can correlate and compare, and that gives us a comprehensive picture of the world around us.’ If it has the word 'smart' in it, it’s probably not very smart, not a very good idea and not part of the internet of things If you apply this to the world of technology, Ashton explains, sensors gather information but really only become effective when they form part of a network. ‘Look at Uber,’ he says. ‘You have two pieces of sensory information: a GPS sensor in the phone of somebody who wants a ride, and a GPS sensor in the phone of somebody who wants to give somebody a ride. Both of those pieces of data go on to the internet and are analysed by an algorithm in a computer, which then finds the closest person wanting to give somebody a ride to the person who wants a ride. That’s a sensory network.’ But, Ashton explains, it’s not a network of things; it’s the internet of things. A network could simply be two or more computers connected. The internet connects every computer or device – and that’s what makes IoT possible. Volkswagen: The boxy, electric-motor-powered Sedric (from ‘self-driving car’) was unveiled at the Geneva Motor Show earlier this year Credit: Getty images  It’s the internet that enables Google Maps to let you know you’re about to encounter eight minutes of traffic on the M25; and that will facilitate a traffic light staying green for longer when there’s no need for it to turn red in order to ease traffic flow in the city of the future.  And it’s the internet that makes that connection between two people who don’t know each other but who want to meet for ride-hailing purposes possible. ‘One of the fascinating characteristics of the internet is its openness,’ Ashton says. ‘Think about GPS. It was developed for navigation purposes but it was intended to be a closed system: the idea of me sharing my navigation information with you and you with me was not anticipated when GPS was invented. But because of that openness, someone came up with an idea that has been profoundly disruptive to a centuries-old industry – hailing a taxi.’ How technology could help cure disease Ashton offers another example: a friend of his who works at the University of Washington developed an app that lets you measure your lung function simply by blowing into the mouthpiece of your iPhone. ‘One of the biggest killers in the world is chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder – lung disease,’ Ashton explains. ‘People who suffer from this have episodes once in a while, and it’s important to catch those before they happen, because that’s what can kill them. ‘There are a couple of metrics they look for that can predict fairly accurately whether someone is going to have an episode. But then they realised it didn’t have to be a smartphone. Most people in developing countries have cellphones but not smartphones, and these guys at the University of Washington figured out you could blow into the microphone on those things too.’ Now, Ashton says, there’s a freephone number you can call, you blow into the phone and the reading is analysed by a computer. The point of the story, he says, is that you can check for lung disease using the single most ubiquitous network sensor in the world. A MAGIC (Major Atmospheric Gamma Imaging Cherenkov) telescope, La Palma. Connecting telescopes around the world has increased our understanding of the universe Credit: Robert Wagner Ashton’s right that, for the moment at least, most of the really profound implications for the internet of things  aren’t in the home at all – even if that’s where the most readily accessible examples can be found. According to Maciej Kranz, in his book Building the Internet of Things, worldwide manufacturing is undergoing some sort of renaissance, and, he says, ‘IoT is part of the reason… each zone, from the enterprise to the plant floor to the loading dock, receives real- time alerts about changes through networked mobile devices, video monitors and human-machine interfaces. The real-time information links back to the entire supply chain.’ Kranz reports that out of Ford Motor Company’s 40 vehicle- assembly plants, 25 now use IoT technology to speed up communications. Similar gains, he says, are being made in the fields of transportation, agriculture, education, retail, healthcare, sports and entertainment. Some of the things that the IoT is revolutionising are literally out of this world. Your car becomes a network computer, and if I can hack into that, I can take over your car. This is not hypothetical If, as Ashton is convinced will happen, we find life on other planets in the next 50 years, he says we’ll have the internet of things to thank. ‘When I was a kid in the 1970s, I think there was a scientific consensus that we may be the only place with life, and that was partly because we couldn’t see much beyond our solar system. Our view of the world was limited, but in the past 30 or 40 years, digital imaging, radio technology and computer analysis have become much better.’ Through networking telescopes and connecting them to huge computing power, our ability to search the universe has increased by thousands of times. ‘And the more data that the analytical software has to crunch on, the better it gets,’ Ashton says. ‘This term “artificial intelligence”, which scares the crap out of people because they’ve seen The Terminator, is really nothing to be afraid of – it’s computers churning things and looking for unusual patterns.’ As for life on other planets, Ashton says it’s now just a question of where we’re going to find it, not if. Questions of safety and security  The internet of things does have its critics – and most of the criticisms come down to security, something Ashton readily acknowledges we need to tackle. According to Business Insider Intelligence, by 2020 there will be 34 billion connected devices in the world. Ashton says they have the same security risks as any network computer, the key checks being, ‘Is this device only sharing data with those authorised to get it, and is this device only running authorised software?’ He goes on to explain that the problems we hear about at the moment are so-called denial-of-service (DoS) attacks, in which hackers co-opt lots of networked computers to overwhelm websites. ‘Traditionally,’ he says, ‘that’s been done by taking control of tens of thousands of Windows PCs. You download a free font but what you don’t know is it contains malicious code that sits quietly on your computer. Then, when someone tells it to, it targets a website. Well, last year someone realised you could co-opt devices such as thermostats because they’re computers too. So the same security risks you have with your laptop or desktop also exist with IoT devices.’ GM OnStar: Subscribers can get web-based services including turn-by-turn navigation, automatic crash response and roadside assistance. Ashton is referring to a huge DoS attack last October on  a domain-registration service provider called Dyn, which counted Twitter, Netflix, Spotify and other huge internet companies among its clients. The result was that several major internet services suffered outage for several hours. The implications for the economy and for business were staggering. But according to Ashton, there are even more serious concerns. ‘Ford has a navigation aid called Sync, and General Motors has a similar one known as OnStar,’ he explains. ‘In addition to navigation, you can talk to your mobile phone while you’re driving or tell your radio what station to go to. The history of artificial intelligence 01:49 'With the latest versions you can also use them to disable your vehicle if it’s been stolen, and they’ll tell you if the airbags have been deployed in an accident. So your car becomes a network computer, and the vulnerability there is that if I can hack into OnStar, I can take over your car. This is not hypothetical.’ Indeed, in 2015, security researchers hacked into a Jeep and managed to take over control of its brakes and transmission. The result: America’s National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration launched an investigation and Chrysler was forced to recall 1.4 million vehicles. The good news is that these problems are solvable. ‘In most cases it’s software engineers not being given the opportunity – usually by non-technical managers – to build a secure system in the first place,’ Ashton says. ‘But security experts know how to solve them. It’s like if you put a really bad lock on your front door or don’t install a smoke alarm; it’s usually caused by someone being sloppy. 'Experts in security have to be paranoid, think of all angles, close down as many of the vulnerabilities as they can, because their duty of care is to the customer.’ Waymo: Pioneered by Google, Waymo self-driving cars first hit the road in California in 2009 and have been gaining traction across the US ever since. Ashton is currently working on another book, and perhaps unsurprisingly it’s full of his predictions. The working title is The Beautiful Future. He is an irredeemable optimist. So, since he’s chosen to make America his home, I ask whether he worries a Trump presidency that’s seemingly anti-science could stifle innovation. ‘It won’t change anything,’ he says immediately, as if anticipating the question. ‘Look at history. It never has. It’s a bit like one of those rides you let your kid go on: you can make it go a little faster or slower, but you can’t really control it much more than that. Government can definitely have an effect – look at the Kennedy-era investment in the space programme, for example – but [innovation] tends to happen anyway.’ Also, he adds, there’s an illusion that America is the tech leader of the world. ‘That was the case in the ’90s, but look at tech exports. The world leader now is China and has been since the beginning of the internet of things. Number two is Germany. The US is number three, with South Korea and Singapore very close behind. ‘Besides which,’ he adds, ‘the World Wide Web was invented by a British guy – Sir Tim Berners-Lee. And the internet of things was invented by a British guy – me.’  Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Related Topics Smart Jeep Humans iPhone Laptops Industry Self driving cars Ford Lipstick PC Netflix Artificial Intelligence China Roads Apps Twitter Internet Show more Technology latest 06 May 2017, 7:35pm Panasonic pulls in Japanese experts for help on rail links 06 May 2017, 7:11pm This fund will let you invest in Uber or Spotify before they go public 06 May 2017, 6:01pm Slack's Stewart Butterfield: 'We'll never kill email' Premium Gallery 06 May 2017, 11:04am Gallery: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe - All 48 tracks ranked 06 May 2017, 7:00am The best laptops to buy in 2017 05 May 2017, 5:08pm Uber faces criminal investigation over secret Greyball technology 05 May 2017, 4:05pm Plans for extensive Government spying powers revealed in leaked report  05 May 2017, 12:55pm Debenhams Flowers hacked: Credit card details of 26,000 people stolen  Gallery 05 May 2017, 9:44am Gallery: 26 iPhone secrets, shortcuts and hidden features you should know about 05 May 2017, 9:14am This teenager has invented a bra that detects signs of breast cancer 04 May 2017, 9:20pm Comment: Tech and talent must top the next government’s wishlist Jeremy Hand Premium 04 May 2017, 5:27pm Google settles huge £259m tax bill to end criminal investigation into alleged avoidance 04 May 2017, 3:58pm Former tech unicorn Ve Interactive sold for just £2m 04 May 2017, 11:00am How to avoid the Google Docs phishing attack and what to do if you're a victim Gallery 04 May 2017, 9:00am Gallery: Funny Google Street View images 04 May 2017, 8:09am Imagination Technologies opens dispute with Apple over iPhone chip 04 May 2017, 12:11am WhatsApp goes down and social media erupts as millions of users left 'in turmoil' 04 May 2017, 12:03am Spam campaign targets Google users with malicious link 03 May 2017, 10:33pm Facebook approaches 2 billion users 03 May 2017, 6:18pm This tool shows the political parties targeting you on Facebook 03 May 2017, 3:57pm Facebook to hire thousands of people to monitor violent videos Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Sunday, May 7, 2017 North Bay, ON 0° Light snow Sponsored by: Canadore College Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Events UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays More Local Ontario Canada World News Local 8th annual Tire Take Back May 23-June 3 Saturday, May 6, 2017 2:36:11 EDT PM Postmedia file photo Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error P&G Auto invites the North Bay and area community to recycle their used tires from May 23-June 3. The province-wide Tire Take Back campaign raises money in support of The Sunshine Foundation of Canada, a Canadian charitable organization that makes dreams come true for children with severe physical disabilities or life-threatening illnesses. P&G Auto has partnered with Ontario Automotive Recyclers Association (OARA), Ontario Federation of Agriculture (OFA) and Ontario Tire Stewardship (OTS) to host the Tire Take Back collection event where all collection allowances associated with each passenger, light truck and agricultural tire dropped off during business hours will be donated to the foundation. More than 64,000 tires were collected last year across Ontario, raising more than $118,000. The funds raised help the foundation fulfill dreams for children within its network, including trips of a lifetime, meeting an idol and providing adaptive mobility devices. In recent years, children were even sent on a Sunshine DreamLift to Disney World. Since the program started, P&G has collected 4,452 tires raising $9,382 for the foundation. P&G will host a Tire Take Back community barbecue on June 2 at 534 Gormanville Rd. Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Education International Baccalaureate Program Services DOMES ELECTRIC Insurance Rivet Insurance Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with North Bay Nugget Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options North Bay View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow North Bay Nugget Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Lacrosse Curling Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Events Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print North Bay Nugget Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 North Bay Nugget. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Street Talk Tags: warren buffett | berkshire hathaway | earnings | profit | insurance Buffett's Berkshire Profit Plunges 27 Percent on Insurance Hit Berkshire Hathaway Saturday, 06 May 2017 09:34 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, reported a 27 percent decline in first-quarter profit on Friday, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. The results were released before Berkshire's annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffett, 86, and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, will answer five hours of questions from shareholders, journalists and analysts. That meeting is the centerpiece of a festive weekend of events throughout Omaha expected to draw more than 37,000 shareholders. Net income fell to $4.06 billion, or $2,469 per Class A share, from $5.59 billion, or $3,401, a year earlier, when Berkshire had a $1.9 billion gain from its swap of its Procter & Gamble Co stock for the Duracell battery business. Quarterly operating profit, which excludes investment and derivative gains and losses, fell 5 percent to a three-year low of $3.56 billion, or $2,163 per Class A share, from $3.74 billion, or $2,274. Analysts on average expected operating profit of about $2,666 per Class A share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Buffett believes Berkshire's investment and derivative gains in any given quarter are often meaningless, but accounting rules require Berkshire to report them in its earnings statements. Despite the earnings shortfall, Buffett's preferred measure of growth for Berkshire, book value per Class A share, or assets minus liabilities, rose 3.5 percent in the quarter to $178,073. The conglomerate also ended the quarter with roughly $96.5 billion of cash, equivalents and Treasury bills, a record sum and enough for one or more major acquisitions. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units in insurance, chemical, energy, food and clothing, railroad and other sectors, and also has large investments in stocks of companies such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co. Many Berkshire units are selling their wares at discounted prices at the annual meeting, while others offer memorabilia such as "Berky" boxers and bras, talking Warren Buffett dolls, and rubber ducks that look like Buffett and Munger for $5 a pair. Buffett has led Berkshire since 1965. AIG DEAL WEIGHS, BNSF GAINS Berkshire said its insurance businesses swung to a $267 million underwriting loss from a year-earlier profit of $213 million. This reflected higher losses from catastrophes in 2017, including an Australian cyclone in March; unexpectedly high losses related to hurricanes and earthquakes in 2016, and weaker results at the auto insurer Geico and the reinsurer General Re. It also reflected the amortization of deferred charges from Berkshire's January agreement to take on many long-term risks in American International Group Inc's property and casualty portfolio, in exchange for $10.2 billion upfront. That payment helped boost float, or the amount of insurance premiums collected before claims are paid and which helps fund Berkshire's growth, to about $105 billion from $91 billion at the end of 2016. It also helped boost quarterly revenue 25 percent to $65.19 billion. Quarter-to-quarter swings "are about the mix of business and what is coming due, and what is being renewed," said Cole Smead, portfolio manager at Smead Capital Management in Seattle. "This is not a disaster." It is unclear whether Berkshire booked losses as Buffett began selling some of its stock in IBM Corp, which it has owned for about six years. Buffett told CNBC on Thursday he sold about one-third of Berkshire's 81 million share stake in IBM this year, and no longer values the computer services company as highly as before. In other businesses, the BNSF railroad saw profit rise 7 percent to $838 million, helped by higher revenue from fuel surcharges and increased shipments of consumer products. Berkshire Hathaway Energy, a utility unit mostly owned by Berkshire, saw profit rise 14 percent to $501 million, helped by lower pension and maintenance costs at the PacifiCorp electric utility and a better rate structure for natural gas pipeline operator Kern River. In Friday trading, Berkshire Class A shares rose 0.2 percent to $250,000 and its Class B shares rose 0.1 percent to $166.55. The shares are roughly 6 percent below record highs set on March 2. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, reported a 27 percent decline in first-quarter profit, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. warren buffett, berkshire hathaway, earnings, profit, insurance 680 Saturday, 06 May 2017 09:34 AM 2017-34-06 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Sparks Fears of Tax War Against China, Other Countries Wednesday, 03 May 2017 | 86 comments So, the United States doesn't have the right for a good Deal or Prosperity... David Stockman: Trump's Tax Plan Is 'Dead on Arrival' Monday, 01 May 2017 | 75 comments '"It's a wonderful fantasy, he said of Trumps tax proposal. But there's no... Trump Open to Raising Gas Tax and Negotiating Tax Overhaul Plan Monday, 01 May 2017 | 39 comments This is a very good idea from Trump. Good for the fiscal deficit; good for... Trump Says He's Considering Moves to Break Up Wall Street Banks Monday, 01 May 2017 | 40 comments Let's do it!... Bernanke: GOP Making Bad Sell on Border Adjustment Tax Monday, 01 May 2017 | 10 comments Bernanke is correct about one thing it was never about trade.*Does anyone... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/6/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/6/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: What Famous Brands Does Berkshire Hathaway Fully Own? How many of these 10 brands are you already familiar with? Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) May 6, 2017 at 8:23AM As of the latest available information, Warren Buffett-led conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) has 61 fully owned subsidiary companies listed on its website. Some are smaller companies, while others are well-known, but only to people in a certain industry. For example, most people in the aircraft manufacturing industry know all about Precision Castparts, but I wouldn't exactly call it a household name. However, there are several famous brands that are fully owned by Berkshire Hathaway. Here's a rundown of 10 of the most famous Berkshire Hathaway brands, some of which you may use yourself. Image source: The Motley Fool. 1. Geico This is arguably the best-known brand that Berkshire Hathaway owns, and is also one of the most critical to the company's success. Berkshire's core business is insurance, and Geico covers more than 22 million motor vehicles. Geico's market share has steadily climbed over the past couple of decades, rising from 2.5% in 1995 to 12% today. 2. Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices of America This is Berkshire Hathaway's real estate brokerage subsidiary, and is actually a collection of 35 different real estate companies across the U.S. The company operates in 25 states and employs over 22,000 sales associates. 3. Dairy Queen Next year, in 2018, Dairy Queen will have been a Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary for 20 years. Dairy Queen has grown tremendously over the years, and now has more than 6,000 restaurants in the U.S., Canada, and 18 other countries around the world. 4. Brooks I was hesitant to include Brooks on this list, simply because the running shoe manufacturer isn't well-known by people who aren't runners. Unlike other athletic-wear companies, Brooks is rather specialized, only producing running gear, and has been in operation for more than 100 years. 5. BNSF Railway One of the largest freight rail networks in the U.S., BNSF is second in size only to Union Pacific Railroad, and primarily operates in the Western United States. The company has 44,000 employees and over 8,000 locomotives which operate on about 32,500 miles of track. 6. Clayton Homes Clayton is the largest builder of manufactured and modular homes in the United States, and was acquired by Berkshire in 2003. In fact, manufactured homes account for 70% of American homes costing less than $150,000, and Clayton manufactures nearly one-half of those. In 2016, Clayton delivered more than 42,000 homes, accounting for 5% of all homes sold in the United States. 7. Duracell Berkshire acquired Duracell from Procter & Gamble in 2014, in exchange for shares Berkshire already owned on P&G. I'd rank Duracell among the top two or three most famous brands on this list, as the brand generates more than $2 billion in annual revenue. That's a lot of batteries. 8. Fruit of the Loom Founded in 1851, Fruit of the Loom is certainly one of the oldest brands in America -- older than cars, lightbulbs, and telephones -- and was acquired by Berkshire Hathaway in 2002. Today, the company employs more than 32,000 people, and is one of the most well-known underwear manufacturers in the world. 9. Pampered Chef Pampered Chef is a multilevel marketing company selling kitchen tools, food products, and cookbooks. Acquired by Berkshire in 2002, the company has about 35,000 salespeople, and is the largest direct seller of kitchen tools and products. 10. Oriental Trading Company Oriental Trading Company was founded in 1932 in Omaha, Nebraska (Berkshire's home base), and is most well-known for its mail order catalogs filled with party supplies, arts and crafts supplies, and miscellaneous toys and novelties. As e-commerce has developed, so has Oriental Trading, which is now ranked among the top internet retailers in the U.S. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info May 6, 2017 at 8:23AM Financials Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $250,000.00 up $460.00 (0.18%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $166.55 up $0.21 (0.13%) Read More In Your 40s? 2 Stocks You Should Consider Buying Why Warren Buffett Loves Dividends, but Doesn't Pay Any Which Tech Stocks Does Warren Buffett Own? Is This the Toughest Question Warren Buffett Can Expect This Weekend? Warren Buffett Is Earning $6,731 in Dividend Income Per Minute This Quarter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current What Famous Brands Does Berkshire Hathaway Fully Own? @themotleyfool #stocks $BRK-A, $BRK-B
ALL SECTIONS May 07, 2017 HIDE NEWS TOP STORIES NATIONAL WORLD NEWS PINOY ABROAD FEATURES OPINION EDITORIAL COLUMNS SOUNDBYTES LGUs NCR LUZON VIZAYAS MINDANAO BUSINESS CORPORATE ECONOMY & TRADE STOCKS MONEY AGRI & MINING POWER & TECH BIZ PLUS COLUMNS SPORTS BASKETBALL VOLLEYBALL FIGHTSPORTS ACTIVE SPORTS PLUS STUFFS COLUMNS ENTERTAINMENT TV & MOVIES CELEBRITY PROFILES MUSIC & CONCERTS DIGITAL MEDIA COLUMNS LIFESTYLE FOOD CULTURE & MEDIA FASHION HEALTH AND HOME LEISURE SHOPPING COLUMNS POP.LIFE NEWSMAKERS HANGOUTS A-POP POST ITS PERFORMANCES MALLS & BAZAARS HOBBIES & COLLECTIONS TECHNOLOGY GADGETS COMPUTERS BUSINESS TECH PLUS WHEELS & MORE SEDAN SUV TRUCK BIKE ACCESSORIES MOTORING PLUS COMMUTER'S CORNER HOME & DESIGN RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION INTERIOR SPOTLIGHT GALLERY PHOTOS VIDEOS EVENTS SEMINARS EXHIBITS COMMUNITY ADVERTISE WITH US The Standard NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS Advertise With Us ALL SECTIONS Sunday May 7, 2017 Advertisement Home   /   BUSINESS   /   CORPORATE Former trainee named Unilever PH chairman posted May 06, 2017 at 08:25 pm by  Othel V. Campos A former technical trainee who arranged boxes at the supply chain division of Unilever Philippines Inc. two decades ago is now the chairman of the local unit of the world’s largest consumer goods company. Benjie Yap, 43, became the first homegrown talent to hold the position in over 30 years. Yap, who grew up in Divisoria, Manila, joined Unilever after graduating from De La Salle University in Manila with a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering (minor in Mechanical Engineering) in 1994. He completed his basic education at Chiang Kai Shek College. Unilever is a Dutch-British company behind consumer brands Axe, Ben & Jerry’s, Block & White, Breeze, Clear, CloseUp, Cream Silk, Domex, Dove, Eskinol, Lux, Lifebuoy, Master, Pepsodent, Perla, Pond’s,  Sunsilk, Tresemme, Vaseline, Surf, Caress, Best Foods, Cornetto, Knorr, Lipton, Lady’s Choice, Magnum, Selecta, among others. As a technical management trainee in 1994, Yap had stints in manufacturing, engineering, research and development and packaging development. “I’ve been in the company for 23 years now,” he says. CHAIRMAN. Unilever Philippines Inc. chairman Benjie Yap Yap was first assigned at the packaging section of Unilever’s factory in Manila. “Because I’m an engineer, I worked in the supply chain as technical trainee in the factory. So I did the rounds of working third shifts. I was packaging, moving and arranging boxes,” he says. From the supply chain division, he shifted career tracks and served as a product development manager in Port Sunlight UK in 1999.  He became marketing director of home care in 2001. He later joined Unilever Philippines’ National Board of Directors as the food managing director at the age of 32, 11 years after joining the company. In 2009, he was assigned to Thailand as vice president for home care products. He returned to Manila in 2013 to lead home care and foods and later as vice president of customer development, before being named chairman in March 2017. The company was formed by the Lever brothers in the UK as a soap company, with Lifebuoy as its first product.  It merged with a Dutch maker of margarine in 1929, to form Unilever, which has diversified into ice cream and refreshment, food, personal care, home care, water, sanitation, environment, agriculture and livelihood.  In the Philippines, Unilever has the largest advertising expenditures amounting to billions annually, supporting the businesses of broadcast networks. Yap received numerous accolades throughout his career, including the CEO Excel Award in 2007 and the Outstanding Achievement Award in Marketing Management from Agora in 2015, as well as being named one of the top alumni of De La Salle University in 2010. “I am deeply honored to be named chairman of Unilever Philippines. Having been with Unilever throughout my professional career, I have witnessed how the company has grown and has uplifted the lives of many Filipinos,” says Yap. “Being appointed as chairman at a time when the private sector is called to help address societal concerns, I am inspired by the work that we have begun and are continuing—creating real solutions in areas such as nutrition, livelihood, water, sanitation, and the environment. We take a long view of how we provide for the needs of Filipino families, offering products for their daily use and helping them in challenges they face,” Yap says. “At Unilever Philippines, we place a premium on sustainability. This is not just reflected in the Sustainable Living programs that we are implementing to address major social concerns. We are also committed to sustainable agriculture and sustainable manufacturing practices. Moreover, we are looking at strategic investments in the Philippines to better serve Filipino families,” says Yap. Yap has recently led the inauguration of Unilever Philippines’ head office in Taguig City. Located in the Bonifacio Corporate Center at Stopover, Unilever Philippines’ LEED-certified offices are also aligned with the company’s focus on sustainability. The new office marks Unilever’s continued investment in the Philippines, not just to further grow the market, but to nurture young Filipino talent as well. Unilever’s new head office in Taguig City is just one among the big-ticket investments of the company, which also include the mega distribution center in Cabuyao, Laguna, its largest distribution center in the Philippines, and the world-class Unilever Cavite Foods Factory, which has Halal capability to address the needs of Muslims in the country. The mega distribution center spans 13.7 hectares and is expected to facilitate distribution and transport of Unilever’s products manufactured in its Cavite and Paco, Manila sites. Its location is also ideal for vessels going to Visayas and Mindanao via the Batangas ports. In addition to all these, the mega distribution center has future-ready capabilities to ensure efficient and sustainable operations. The mega distribution center’s design and technology will use materials intended to reduce environmental impact. Constructing the mega distribution center allows Unilever Philippines to enhance delivery of goods throughout the country and create a ripple effect of benefits to communities. Accessible to the mega distribution center is Unilever Cavite Foods Factory, which adheres to world-class manufacturing services and on which Unilever is investing a total of P1.7 billion. The factory is also expected to serve as the Halal Hub for South East Asia and Australia. To date, the Philippines has yet to realize the potential of the Halal market, which can be a driver for sustained socio-economic growth. The LEED-certified Unilever Cavite Foods Factory is utilizing renewable energy resources for its power requirements. “Unilever Philippines is committed to the Filipino people. Not only are we optimistic about prospects for growth, but we are also constantly on the lookout for emerging opportunities to better serve the market,” Yap says. Yap at 43 is the youngest Filipino chairman of a multinational corporation. “It’s a proud moment for my parents and my family to get this opportunity,” says Yap, who together with wife Karen, has two children who are now in their early teens. Othel V. Campos Topics: Unilever Philippines Inc. , Unilever PH chairman , Benjie Yap Related stories: Former trainee named Unilever PH chairman Ad Foundation hosts crisis mngt seminar More from this Category: Former trainee named Unilever PH chairman Tilapia ice cream draws crowd in Canada Photographer shares tips on how to sell product COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement LATEST NEWS TRENDING PH envoy to UN twits rapporteur  0 |  14 hours ago 'Drug menace also nat'l security threat'  0 |  14 hours ago Gina’s illegal actions cost her job — senator  0 |  14 hours ago Twin blasts kill 2, hurt 5 in Quiapo  0 |  14 hours ago Lhuillier takes office as PH envoy to Spain  0 |  14 hours ago Palace insists: Lower criminal age  0 |  14 hours ago Passenger gives birth mid-flight  0 |  14 hours ago Lawmaker slams tax package  0 |  14 hours ago Long road ahead for dairy industry  0 |  15 hours ago Imugan: Sharing a lesson for the coming ‘Big One'  0 |  15 hours ago More On Latest News TOP STORIESGina’s 55 ‘ghosts’ bared What doomed Gina  0 |  3 days ago Sotto has our 100% revulsion  0 |  3 days ago Remembering Corona  0 |  2 days ago ‘Trumping’ Duterte  0 |  4 days ago Jennylyn Mercado back in GMA News TV’s ‘Everyday Sarap with CDO’  0 |  4 days ago UN rapporteur draws flak  0 |  1 day ago DND chief: I’d rather end talks with communists  0 |  1 day ago ‘Ano na, Sotto?’  0 |  1 day ago DENR chief rapped for ‘extortion’  0 |  3 days ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard 6th Floor Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 manilastandard.net. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport IPL Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting By Reuters  |   Published: 06th May 2017 03:46 PM  |   Last Updated: 06th May 2017 03:47 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email Berkshire Hathaway Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett (File | AP) OMAHA: Berkshire Hathaway Inc, the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, reported a 27 percent decline in first-quarter profit on Friday, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. The results were released one day before Berkshire's annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffett, 86, and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, will answer five hours of questions from shareholders, journalists and analysts. That meeting is the centrepiece of a festive weekend of events throughout Omaha expected to draw more than 37,000 shareholders. Net income fell to $4.06 billion, or $2,469 per Class A share, from $5.59 billion, or $3,401, a year earlier, when Berkshire had a $1.9 billion gain from its swap of its Procter & Gamble Co stock for the Duracell battery business. Quarterly operating profit, which excludes investment and derivative gains and losses, fell 5 percent to a three-year low of $3.56 billion, or $2,163 per Class A share, from $3.74 billion, or $2,274. Analysts on average expected operating profit of about $2,666 per Class A share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Buffett believes Berkshire's investment and derivative gains in any given quarter are often meaningless, but accounting rules require Berkshire to report them in its earnings statements. Despite the earnings shortfall, Buffett's preferred measure of growth for Berkshire, book value per Class A share, or assets minus liabilities, rose 3.5 percent in the quarter to $178,073. The conglomerate also ended the quarter with roughly $96.5 billion of cash, equivalents and Treasury bills, a record sum and enough for one or more major acquisitions. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units in insurance, chemical, energy, food and clothing, railroad and other sectors, and also has large investments in stocks of companies such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co. Many Berkshire units are selling their wares at discounted prices at the annual meeting, while others offer memorabilia such as "Berky" boxers and bras, talking Warren Buffett dolls, and rubber ducks that look like Buffett and Munger for $5 a pair. Buffett has led Berkshire since 1965.   AIG DEAL WEIGHS, BNSF GAINS Berkshire said its insurance businesses swung to a $267 million underwriting loss from a year-earlier profit of $213 million. This reflected higher losses from catastrophes in 2017, including an Australian cyclone in March; unexpectedly high losses related to hurricanes and earthquakes in 2016, and weaker results at the auto insurer Geico and the reinsurer General Re. It also reflected the amortization of deferred charges from Berkshire's January agreement to take on many long-term risks in American International Group Inc's property and casualty portfolio, in exchange for $10.2 billion upfront. That payment helped boost float, or the amount of insurance premiums collected before claims are paid and which helps fund Berkshire's growth, to about $105 billion from $91 billion at the end of 2016. It also helped boost quarterly revenue 25 percent to $65.19 billion. Quarter-to-quarter swings "are about the mix of business and what is coming due, and what is being renewed," said Cole Smead, portfolio manager at Smead Capital Management in Seattle. "This is not a disaster." It is unclear whether Berkshire booked losses as Buffett began selling some of its stock in IBM Corp , which it has owned for about six years. Buffett told CNBC on Thursday he sold about one-third of Berkshire's 81 million share stake in IBM this year, and no longer values the computer services company as highly as before. In other businesses, the BNSF railroad saw profit rise 7 percent to $838 million, helped by higher revenue from fuel surcharges and increased shipments of consumer products. Berkshire Hathaway Energy, a utility unit mostly owned by Berkshire, saw profit rise 14 percent to $501 million, helped by lower pension and maintenance costs at the PacifiCorp electric utility and a better rate structure for natural gas pipeline operator Kern River. In Friday trading, Berkshire Class A shares rose 0.2 percent to $250,000 and its Class B shares rose 0.1 percent to $166.55. The shares are roughly 6 percent below record highs set on March 2. TAGS Warren Buffet profit Results earnings Berkshire Hathaway Inc O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Latest France goes to polls to vote for new president Cabinet revamp in Odisha, 12 ministers take oath Two Islamist extremists killed in Bangladesh raid Cop, Lashker militant killed in Kulgam terror attack Court quashes FIR against AAP MLA Surinder Singh No Karachi-Mumbai flight from tomorrow: PIA Nigeria secures release of 82 Chibok girls Malayali doctor, Indian couple killed in US Gallery Over 200 students hospitalised in Delhi after container gas leak Metro Makeover: Sinkhole near Kilpauk metro tunnel gets repaired arrow Videos Macron's French presidential campaign emails leaked online Meghalaya's Tasek Lake emerges favourite among tourists arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
May 072017 E- Edition Newspaper May 07, 2017 Last Updated at 09:58 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Oman starts shipment of limestone from Duqm port Fire sets building and vehicles ablaze Crude oil lowest in 5 months New VAT bill could rise to over OMR 40,000 North Korea accuses CIA of 'bio-chemical' plot against leadership Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Don't share personal photos online, warns Royal Oman Police Muscat Municipality introduces electronic services through its website Haitham conveys Sultan Qaboos' condolences to King Salman Oman takes part in conferences of the parties to the Basel and Rotterdam and Stockholm Conventions CBSE unveils rules for school bus transport in Oman   OmanPride: Salalah’s Al Baleed Resort scoops Hotel of the Year award OmanPride: Volunteering in Oman is for the greater good OmanPride: Hatim Al Abdissalaam, on a mission to educate the youth OmanPride: Join the run to inspire hope Times of Oman Inter School Quiz Contest concludes with sensational finals World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa France fights to keep Macron email hack from distorting election Indian-origin girl in UK gets 162 IQ points, more than Einstein 86-year-old Nepali mountaineer dies on Mount Everest 35 killed in school minibus crash in Tanzania South Asian Satellite: Prime Minister Narendra Modi says dream and commitment fulfilled Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Indian economy expected to grow by 8 per cent next year Microsoft unveils new educational products Middle East carriers’ traffic growth slowed to 4.9 per cent in March: IATA With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus Oman starts shipment of limestone from Duqm port Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports IPL: Mumbai Indians seal play-offs spot with thumping win over DD Hockey: Britain dethrone Australia to reclaim Azlan Shah Cup after 23 years Football: Shawcross own goal gives Bournemouth 2-2 draw with Stoke Football: Sunderland dent Hull's survival hopes with 2-0 win Football: Leicester ease past Watford to climb into top half Opinion Twitter financial failing Mending Bangladesh’s garment industry The left must vote for Macron Where U.S. manufacturing jobs really went Stop insuring climate disaster Technology Oman technology: All about Nova Launcher Oman technology: All about Runkeeper Times Digital Download: The Simpsons Times Digital Download: Scrubs, the story of young medical professionals Oman technology: All about Pose Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Tips for a perfect summer workout Oman wellness: Prevent diabetic heart disease 6 surprising health benefits of strawberries Madhur Bhandarkar starts shooting his international project Majidi wraps 'Beyond The Clouds' shoot   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Trending Entertainment Updates Top Trending Videos This Week Interesting uses of tea in Muscat Savour Oman's favourite tea 6 tips on how to use tea for beauty Business Loss in insurance underwriting dampens Berkshire results May 6, 2017 | 1:32 PM by Reuters A photo of Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett is seen at the shareholder shopping day as part of the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting weekend in Omaha, Nebraska, on Friday. - Reuters x A photo of Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett is seen at the shareholder shopping day as part of the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting weekend in Omaha, Nebraska, on Friday. - Reuters   Sharelines Loss in insurance underwriting dampens Berkshire results #Loss in insurance underwriting dampens #Berkshire results Omaha: Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, reported a 27 per cent decline in first-quarter profit on Friday, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. The results were released one day before Berkshire's annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffett, 86, and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, will answer five hours of questions from shareholders, journalists and analysts. That meeting is the centrepiece of a festive weekend of events throughout Omaha expected to draw more than 37,000 shareholders. Net income fell to $4.06 billion, or $2,469 per Class A share, from $5.59 billion, or $3,401, a year earlier, when Berkshire had a $1.9 billion gain from its swap of its Procter & Gamble Co stock for the Duracell battery business. Quarterly operating profit, which excludes investment and derivative gains and losses, fell 5 per cent to a three-year low of $3.56 billion, or $2,163 per Class A share, from $3.74 billion, or $2,274. Analysts on average expected operating profit of about $2,666 per Class A share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Buffett believes Berkshire's investment and derivative gains in any given quarter are often meaningless, but accounting rules require Berkshire to report them in its earnings statements. Despite the earnings shortfall, Buffett's preferred measure of growth for Berkshire, book value per Class A share, or assets minus liabilities, rose 3.5 per cent in the quarter to $178,073. The conglomerate also ended the quarter with roughly $96.5 billion of cash, equivalents and Treasury bills, a record sum and enough for one or more major acquisitions. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units in insurance, chemical, energy, food and clothing, railroad and other sectors, and also has large investments in stocks of companies such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo. Many Berkshire units are selling their wares at discounted prices at the annual meeting, while others offer memorabilia such as "Berky" boxers and bras, talking Warren Buffett dolls, and rubber ducks that look like Buffett and Munger for $5 a pair. Buffett has led Berkshire since 1965. AIG deal weighs Berkshire said its insurance businesses swung to a $267 million underwriting loss from a year-earlier profit of $213 million. This reflected higher losses from catastrophes in 2017, including an Australian cyclone in March; unexpectedly high losses related to hurricanes and earthquakes in 2016, and weaker results at the auto insurer Geico and the reinsurer General Re. It also reflected the amortization of deferred charges from Berkshire's January agreement to take on many long-term risks in American International Group's property and casualty portfolio, in exchange for $10.2 billion upfront. That payment helped boost float, or the amount of insurance premiums collected before claims are paid and which helps fund Berkshire's growth, to about $105 billion from $91 billion at the end of 2016. It also helped boost quarterly revenue 25 per cent to $65.19 billion. Quarter-to-quarter swings "are about the mix of business and what is coming due, and what is being renewed," said Cole Smead, portfolio manager at Smead Capital Management in Seattle. "This is not a disaster." It is unclear whether Berkshire booked losses as Buffett began selling some of its stock in IBM, which it has owned for about six years. Buffett told CNBC on Thursday he sold about one-third of Berkshire's 81 million share stake in IBM this year, and no longer values the computer services company as highly as before. In other businesses, the BNSF railroad saw profit rise 7 per cent to $838 million, helped by higher revenue from fuel surcharges and increased shipments of consumer products. Berkshire Hathaway Energy, a utility unit mostly owned by Berkshire, saw profit rise 14 per cent to $501 million, helped by lower pension and maintenance costs at the PacifiCorp electric utility and a better rate structure for natural gas pipeline operator Kern River. In Friday trading, Berkshire Class A shares rose 0.2 per cent to $250,000 and its Class B shares rose 0.1 per cent to $166.55. The shares are roughly 6 per cent below record highs set on March 2. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Business Middle East carriers’ traffic growth slowed to 4.9 per cent in March: IATA With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus Oman starts shipment of limestone from Duqm port Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Indian economy expected to grow by 8 per cent next year Microsoft unveils new educational products PREVIOUS ARTICLE Bullish trend continues NEXT ARTICLE Old-guard retail back in the cross hairs on Wall Street Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Global Face Mist Market Analysis 2017 Latest Development Trends The report on Global Face Mist Market is the latest addition to the huge database of DecisionDatabases.com. This research study is segmented on the basis of applications, technology, geography, and types. The Report provides a detailed Face Mist Industry overview along with the analysis of industry’s gross margin, cost structure, consumption value, and sale price. The leading companies of the Face Mist Market, manufacturers, and distributors are profiled in the report along with the latest Industry development current and future trends. Access the Report and full TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/12991-face-mist-industry-market-report This report studies Face Mist in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering WATSONS, LOREAL, MUJI, Shiseido, Procter & Gamble, Estee Lauder, Unilever, LVMH, Chanel, Amore Pacific, LG, PPR, Jahwa, Mary Kay, KAO, KOBAYASHI. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Face Mist in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India. Download Free sample Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-12991 Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type. Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Face Mist in each application. Table of Contents – Snapshot 1 Overview 2 Global Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type) 6 Global Analysis by Application 7 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Purchase a copy of Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-12991 View Related Reports @ Global Lotion & Moisturizer Market Research Report 2017 Global Color Cosmetics Market Research Report 2017 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research Report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For More Details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsConsumer Goods, Cosmetic, Face Mist Industry Analysis, Face Mist Industry Share, Face Mist Market, Face Mist Market Forecasts Report, Face Mist Market Growth, Face Mist Market Latest Trends, Face Mist Market Outlook, Face Mist Market Report, Face Mist Market Research Report, Global Face Mist Market, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious India Car Rental Market: Radio Taxi, Corporate Rental, Aggregators And Affilators Next PostNext Interview with Bret Baier, Fox News Search Recent Posts GrandSouth Bancorporation (GRRB: OTCQB) | GrandSouth Bancorporation reports earnings for the first quarter of 2017 IBM Security Executives to Present at KuppingerCole European Identity & Cloud Conference Fortem Technologies, Inc. Closes Additional $5.5M Financing Led By Signia Venture Partners And Data Collective BUYINS.NET: CFX SqueezeTrigger Price is $38.74. There is $110,015,943 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Fortem Technologies, Inc. Closes Additional $5.5M Financing Led By Signia Venture Partners And Data Collective RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hair Care Market: Organic, Salon-inspired, and Premium Products Presenting Potential for Further Growth Hair Care Market: Snapshot The global hair care market is expanding at a steady pace and is likely to continue doing so during the course of the forecast period. One of the most important factors responsible for this stability is the demand for healthy, lustrous, and manageable hair and this need drives the purchase decisions of most consumers. The market for hair care products expected to grow significantly across developing and developed regions owing to increasing R&D activities for the enhancement of these products. Moreover, an emphasis on innovation in technology for the formulation of new hair care products is expected to impact the market globally. The global hair care market was valued at US$81.3 bn in 2015 and is expected to reach US$105.3 bn by 2024, registering a steady 3.0% CAGR during the forecast period. Request a Sample of this Report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Hair Care Market During@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Availability of Variety of Hair Styling Products and Devices a Key Factor In terms of revenue, the shampoo segment accounts for the dominant share in the hair care market, and registered a 30.9% share in 2015. The shampoo market is gaining popularity thanks to product innovation based on evolving customer needs. The major players offering a wide variety of shampoos in the market include Procter & Gamble Co., L’Oréal S.A., and Unilever plc. Hair styling products form a highly attractive segment in the hair care market and is projected to expand at a 4.4% CAGR. Hair styling products include mousse, holding sprays, heat-resistant sprays, sprays for curly hair, serums, and gels. The growing demand for hair styling products due to the changing purchasing behavior and patterns of consumers is likely to boost this product segment. A key trend noted in this segment is the fact that local manufacturers in Africa and APAC have been focusing on new product development and innovation catering to consumer preferences so as to establish a loyal customer base over the years. Hair colors are gradually witnessing increased demand across the globe. This can be attributed to the ever-rising influence of the fashion industry and a rise in the global aging population. A recent trend noted in this segment is an increase in male consumers. Men’s grooming products have gained much popularity in recent years and this global trend is reflected in the hair color market as well. MEA offers Immense Scope for Growth with Improving Disposable Incomes of Consumers Asia Pacific accounted for the leading share of 33.12% in the global hair care market in 2016. The region, which comprises China, Japan, India, and Rest of Asia Pacific, is fueled by the increasing number of people facing hair and scalp problems such as hair fall and damage. In addition, rising self-consciousness among youth about their appearances is supporting the market. The growing variation of hair colors, styling products, oils, conditioners, and shampoos available in the market today is also attracting an increasing number of consumers in the region. The Middle East and Africa (MEA) market is expected to expand at a strong CAGR of 4.0% during the forecast period. The region, which includes UAE, South Africa, and the Rest of MEA, is expected to be supported by the growing opportunities for hair care products in rural areas thanks to the improving disposable income and changing lifestyles of the consumers. In addition, local and international key players have been investing significant capital in emerging markets since the crisis of 2009 led to a decrease in the prices of hair care products. This, in turn, is anticipated to boost the market for hair care in the region. Browse Report Description@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hair-care-market.html The global market for hair care is extremely consolidated owing to the presence of several manufacturers, both domestic and international. The competition among manufacturers is intense and thus, the entry of new players is restricted. Some of the leading players competing in the global hair care market are Henkel Corporation, Procter Gamble Co., L’Oreal S.A., Unilever plc, Revlon Inc., Avon Products Inc., Aveda Corporation, Neutrogena Corporation, Amka Products (Pty) Ltd., and Combe Incorporated. About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cathy Rustin Joins RE/MAX Alliance Group Next PostNext Award Winning Poet and Author Thylias Moss Promotes Her Romance Novel – New Kiss Horizon Search Recent Posts BUYINS.NET: CAP SqueezeTrigger Price is $19.84. There is $6,451,546 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Airwheel Smart folding electric bikes are welcomed on the 2017 Canton Fair Utah Center for Medical Innovation Shares Global Health Innovation Approach at the World Health Organization The Deep End Launches new YouTube Series „My Website Sucks” Company Virtual Assistant Freelancer Creative Designer & Writer Hub Launches RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, May 07, 2017 2:51 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Thunderstorm MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting Saturday May 6, 2017 10:06 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Up to 80 more Chibok girls released from Boko Haram The Edit: Check Soaperlicious MY out if you love Lush Cosmetics The Edit: Massive fan turnout for Donnie Yen in Kuching Near all-male panel in South Korea’s presidential race Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Warren Buffett believes Berkshire’s investment and derivative gains in any given quarter are often meaningless, but accounting rules require Berkshire to report them in its earnings statements. ― Reuters picOMAHA, May 6 — Berkshire Hathaway Inc, the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, reported a 27 per cent decline in first-quarter profit yesterday, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. The results were released one day before Berkshire’s annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffett, 86, and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, will answer five hours of questions from shareholders, journalists and analysts. That meeting is the centrepiece of a festive weekend of events throughout Omaha expected to draw more than 37,000 shareholders. Net income fell to US$4.06 billion (RM17.6), or US$2,469 per Class A share, from US$5.59 billion, or US$3,401, a year earlier, when Berkshire had a US$1.9 billion gain from its swap of its Procter & Gamble Co stock for the Duracell battery business. Quarterly operating profit, which excludes investment and derivative gains and losses, fell 5 per cent to a three-year low of US$3.56 billion, or US$2,163 per Class A share, from US$3.74 billion, or US$2,274. Analysts on average expected operating profit of about US$2,666 per Class A share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Buffett believes Berkshire’s investment and derivative gains in any given quarter are often meaningless, but accounting rules require Berkshire to report them in its earnings statements. Despite the earnings shortfall, Buffett’s preferred measure of growth for Berkshire, book value per Class A share, or assets minus liabilities, rose 3.5 per cent in the quarter to US$178,073. The conglomerate also ended the quarter with roughly US$96.5 billion of cash, equivalents and Treasury bills, a record sum and enough for one or more major acquisitions. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units in insurance, chemical, energy, food and clothing, railroad and other sectors, and also has large investments in stocks of companies such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co. Many Berkshire units are selling their wares at discounted prices at the annual meeting, while others offer memorabilia such as “Berky” boxers and bras, talking Warren Buffett dolls, and rubber ducks that look like Buffett and Munger for US$5 a pair. Buffett has led Berkshire since 1965. AIG deal weighs, BNSF gains Berkshire said its insurance businesses swung to a US$267 million underwriting loss from a year-earlier profit of US$213 million. This reflected higher losses from catastrophes in 2017, including an Australian cyclone in March; unexpectedly high losses related to hurricanes and earthquakes in 2016, and weaker results at the auto insurer Geico and the reinsurer General Re. It also reflected the amortization of deferred charges from Berkshire’s January agreement to take on many long-term risks in American International Group Inc’s property and casualty portfolio, in exchange for US$10.2 billion upfront. That payment helped boost float, or the amount of insurance premiums collected before claims are paid and which helps fund Berkshire’s growth, to about US$105 billion from US$91 billion at the end of 2016. It also helped boost quarterly revenue 25 per cent to US$65.19 billion. Quarter-to-quarter swings “are about the mix of business and what is coming due, and what is being renewed,” said Cole Smead, portfolio manager at Smead Capital Management in Seattle. “This is not a disaster.” It is unclear whether Berkshire booked losses as Buffett began selling some of its stock in IBM Corp, which it has owned for about six years. Buffett told CNBC on Thursday he sold about one-third of Berkshire’s 81 million share stake in IBM this year, and no longer values the computer services company as highly as before. In other businesses, the BNSF railroad saw profit rise 7 per cent to US$838 million, helped by higher revenue from fuel surcharges and increased shipments of consumer products. Berkshire Hathaway Energy, a utility unit mostly owned by Berkshire, saw profit rise 14 per cent to US$501 million, helped by lower pension and maintenance costs at the PacifiCorp electric utility and a better rate structure for natural gas pipeline operator Kern River. In Friday trading, Berkshire Class A shares rose 0.2 per cent to US$250,000 and its Class B shares rose 0.1 per cent to US$166.55. The shares are roughly 6 per cent below record highs set on March 2. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Zcash, the virtual money making its mark Canada’s Trudeau mulls coal ban in response to US lumber tariffs China’s April forex reserves rise, beating market expectations Warren Buffett says coal won't make a comeback Bursa to trend higher towards 1,770 points level next week Firefly says cut Penang flights due to weak ringgit, competition Bitcoin soars above US$1,400 to all-time high Singapore Air may land unfamiliar net-debt spot by 2018 Bursa to trend higher towards 1,770 points level next week Ringgit rebounds as Asia’s FX laggards turn leaders of pack Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Prince Philip worshippers pray for second coming Reuters Video: ‘Mother’ should not be used to describe a bomb, says Pope Reuters Video: Attempt at two-hour marathon misses by just 25 seconds Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Buffett says now is time for losses on asset sales for tax edge Buffett’s Berkshire, Chinese property portal Juwai.com team up Warren Buffett adorns Cherry Coke cans in China Buffett’s pay rises; Berkshire urges rejection of shareholder proposals For Warren Buffett, best days for the US always lie ahead Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
HOME COMMUNITY NOTICES / EVENTS OBITUARIES VACANCIES SUPPLEMENTS OUT 'N ABOUT Pic Page HEALTH & BEAUTY KIDS WEEKENDER TV-WEEK SPECIALS VIDEOS CLASSIFIEDS READ CLASSIFIEDS ORDER A CLASSIFIED About Us CONTACT INFO MASTHEAD Search ... Sidebar × Home Editorial ISLANDS PEOPLE REGIONAL U.S. News INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORTS Local Sports International Sports OPINION Letters to the Editor Queenie SUBSCRIBERS Online-Subscriptions Printery Clients Subscription-form Archive Search Old Articles PDF Archive Top menu HOME COMMUNITY NOTICES / EVENTS OBITUARIES VACANCIES SUPPLEMENTS OUT 'N ABOUT Pic Page HEALTH & BEAUTY KIDS WEEKENDER TV-WEEK SPECIALS VIDEOS CLASSIFIEDS READ CLASSIFIEDS ORDER A CLASSIFIED About Us CONTACT INFO MASTHEAD The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten 07 Sun, May Home Editorial ISLANDS PEOPLE REGIONAL U.S. News INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORTS Local Sports International Sports OPINION Letters to the Editor Queenie SUBSCRIBERS Online-Subscriptions Printery Clients Subscription-form Archive Search Old Articles PDF Archive Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting Details 05 May 2017 Next Article With maiden airplane flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus Tools  Print  Email Share This OMAHA, Nebraska--Berkshire Hathaway Inc, the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, reported a 27 percent decline in first-quarter profit on Friday, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts.   The results were released one day before Berkshire's annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffett, 86, and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, will answer five hours of questions from shareholders, journalists and analysts. That meeting is the centerpiece of a festive weekend of events throughout Omaha expected to draw more than 37,000 shareholders.   Net income fell to $4.06 billion, or $2,469 per Class A share, from $5.59 billion, or $3,401, a year earlier, when Berkshire had a $1.9 billion gain from its swap of its Procter & Gamble Co stock for the Duracell battery business.   Quarterly operating profit, which excludes investment and derivative gains and losses, fell 5 percent to a three-year low of $3.56 billion, or $2,163 per Class A share, from $3.74 billion, or $2,274. Analysts on average expected operating profit of about $2,666 per Class A share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.   Buffett believes Berkshire's investment and derivative gains in any given quarter are often meaningless, but accounting rules require Berkshire to report them in its earnings statements. Despite the earnings shortfall, Buffett's preferred measure of growth for Berkshire, book value per Class A share, or assets minus liabilities, rose 3.5 percent in the quarter to $178,073.   The conglomerate also ended the quarter with roughly $96.5 billion of cash, equivalents and Treasury bills, a record sum and enough for one or more major acquisitions. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units in insurance, chemical, energy, food and clothing, railroad and other sectors, and also has large investments in stocks of companies such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co.   Many Berkshire units are selling their wares at discounted prices at the annual meeting, while others offer memorabilia such as "Berky" boxers and bras, talking Warren Buffett dolls, and rubber ducks that look like Buffett and Munger for $5 a pair. Buffett has led Berkshire since 1965.   Berkshire said its insurance businesses swung to a $267 million underwriting loss from a year-earlier profit of $213 million. This reflected higher losses from catastrophes in 2017, including an Australian cyclone in March; unexpectedly high losses related to hurricanes and earthquakes in 2016, and weaker results at the auto insurer Geico and the reinsurer General Re.   It also reflected the amortization of deferred charges from Berkshire's January agreement to take on many long-term risks in American International Group Inc's property and casualty portfolio, in exchange for $10.2 billion upfront. That payment helped boost float, or the amount of insurance premiums collected before claims are paid and which helps fund Berkshire's growth, to about $105 billion from $91 billion at the end of 2016. It also helped boost quarterly revenue 25 percent to $65.19 billion.   Quarter-to-quarter swings "are about the mix of business and what is coming due, and what is being renewed," said Cole Smead, portfolio manager at Smead Capital Management in Seattle. "This is not a disaster."   It is unclear whether Berkshire booked losses as Buffett began selling some of its stock in IBM Corp, which it has owned for about six years. Buffett told CNBC on Thursday he sold about one-third of Berkshire's 81 million share stake in IBM this year, and no longer values the computer services company as highly as before. Next Article With maiden airplane flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus Home MSFT GOOG AAPL IBM ORCL EMC NOK INTC RDS-A Microsoft Corporation NMS : MSFT - 05 May, 4:00pm 69.00 +0.19 (+0.28%) After Hours: Open 68.90 Mktcap 532.89B High 69.03 52wk Hight 69.71 Low 68.49 52wk Low 48.04 Vol 19.13M Avg Vol 21.79M Eps 3.03 P/e 30.46 Currency: USD Alphabet Inc. NMS : GOOG - 05 May, 4:00pm 927.13 -4.53 (-0.49%) After Hours: Open 933.54 Mktcap 637.26B High 934.90 52wk Hight 935.93 Low 925.20 52wk Low 663.28 Vol 1.91M Avg Vol 1.40M Eps 33.86 P/e 30.79 Currency: USD Apple Inc. NMS : AAPL - 05 May, 4:00pm 148.96 +2.43 (+1.66%) After Hours: Open 146.76 Mktcap 781.52B High 148.98 52wk Hight 148.98 Low 146.76 52wk Low 89.47 Vol 27.33M Avg Vol 24.04M Eps 8.95 P/e 17.88 Currency: USD International Business Machines NYQ : IBM - 05 May, 4:01pm 155.05 -4.00 (-2.51%) After Hours: Open 153.52 Mktcap 145.67B High 155.78 52wk Hight 182.79 Low 153.00 52wk Low 142.50 Vol 12.52M Avg Vol 4.12M Eps 13.71 P/e 12.75 Currency: USD Oracle Corporation NYQ : ORCL - 05 May, 4:01pm 45.58 +0.11 (+0.24%) After Hours: Open 45.71 Mktcap 187.55B High 45.78 52wk Hight 46.99 Low 45.36 52wk Low 37.62 Vol 8.44M Avg Vol 13.02M Eps 2.63 P/e 21.56 Currency: USD EMC Corporation NYQ : EMC - 06 Sep, 4:00pm 29.05 +0.28 (+0.97%) After Hours: Open 28.75 Mktcap High 29.13 52wk Hight 29.13 Low 28.65 52wk Low 22.99 Vol 102.67M Avg Vol 15.61M Eps 1.84 P/e Currency: USD Nokia Corporation Sponsored Ame NYQ : NOK - 05 May, 4:00pm 6.18 +0.15 (+2.49%) After Hours: Open 6.11 Mktcap 35.12B High 6.19 52wk Hight 6.19 Low 6.09 52wk Low 4.04 Vol 30.52M Avg Vol 13.55M Eps 0.24 P/e Currency: USD Intel Corporation NMS : INTC - 05 May, 4:00pm 36.82 -0.03 (-0.08%) After Hours: Open 36.86 Mktcap 173.90B High 36.93 52wk Hight 38.45 Low 36.50 52wk Low 29.50 Vol 18.12M Avg Vol 23.87M Eps 2.85 P/e 15.94 Currency: USD Royal Dutch Shell PLC Royal Dut NYQ : RDS-A - 05 May, 4:00pm 54.23 +1.55 (+2.94%) After Hours: Open 52.93 Mktcap 220.86B High 54.24 52wk Hight 56.39 Low 52.91 52wk Low 46.57 Vol 5.54M Avg Vol 3.54M Eps 3.50 P/e 46.75 Currency: USD The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten Copyright © 2015 Joomla!. All Rights Reserved. Powered by The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten - Designed by JoomlArt.com. Bootstrap is a front-end framework of Twitter, Inc. Code licensed under Apache License v2.0. Font Awesome font licensed under SIL OFL 1.1.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Crude rebound eases markets, U.S. stocks hit record high Business Standard Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting Reuters  |  OMAHA, Neb.  May 6, 2017 Last Updated at 03:10 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVetYV ALSO READ Gates charity to sell 60 mln Berkshire shares, as Buffett urged Buffett's Berkshire more than doubled its stake in Apple - CNBC Buffett says Berkshire bought 120 mln Apple shares in 2017 - CNBC CORRECTED - Buffett says Berkshire owns 133 million shares of Apple: CNBC Buffett says Berkshire owns 133 million shares of Apple: CNBC By Jonathan Stempel OMAHA, Neb. (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc , the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, on Friday reported a 27 percent decline in first-quarter profit, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. The results were released one day before Berkshire's annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffett, 86, and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, will answer five hours of questions from shareholders, journalists and analysts. That meeting is part of a weekend of events throughout Omaha expected to draw more than 37,000 shareholders. Net income fell to $4.06 billion, or $2,469 per Class A share, from $5.59 billion, or $3,401, a year earlier. Operating profit, which excludes investment and derivative gains and losses, fell 5 percent to $3.56 billion, or $2,163 per Class A share, from $3.74 billion, or $2,274. Analysts on average expected operating profit of about $2,666 per Class A share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Last year's results, meanwhile, included a $1.9 billion gain when Berkshire exchanged most of its Procter & Gamble Co stock for that company's Duracell battery business, plus cash. Buffett believes Berkshire's investment and derivative gains in any given quarter are often meaningless, but accounting rules require Berkshire to report them in its earnings statements. His preferred measure of growth for Berkshire, book value per Class A share, or assets minus liabilities, rose 3.5 percent from the end of the year to $178,073. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units in insurance, chemical, energy, food and clothing, railroad and other sectors, and also has large investments in stocks of companies such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co . Berkshire said its insurance businesses swung to a $267 million underwriting loss from a year-earlier profit of $213 million. It said this reflected higher losses from catastrophes in 2017, including an Australian cyclone in March, and unexpectedly high losses related to hurricanes and earthquakes in 2016. Berkshire said the loss also reflected the amortization of deferred charges related to its January agreement to take on many long-term risks in American International Group Inc's property and casualty portfolio, in exchange for a $10.2 billion upfront payment. That payment helped push float, or the amount of insurance premiums collected before claims are paid and which help funds Berkshire's growth, up to about $105 billion from $91 billion at the end of 2016, Berkshire said. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in Omaha, Nebraska; Editing by Nick Zieminski) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Berkshire | Hatha | Results | Insurance | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting OMAHA, Neb. (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc , the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, on Friday reported a 27 percent decline in first-quarter profit, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. By Jonathan Stempel OMAHA, Neb. (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc , the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, on Friday reported a 27 percent decline in first-quarter profit, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. The results were released one day before Berkshire's annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffett, 86, and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, will answer five hours of questions from shareholders, journalists and analysts. That meeting is part of a weekend of events throughout Omaha expected to draw more than 37,000 shareholders. Net income fell to $4.06 billion, or $2,469 per Class A share, from $5.59 billion, or $3,401, a year earlier. Operating profit, which excludes investment and derivative gains and losses, fell 5 percent to $3.56 billion, or $2,163 per Class A share, from $3.74 billion, or $2,274. Analysts on average expected operating profit of about $2,666 per Class A share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Last year's results, meanwhile, included a $1.9 billion gain when Berkshire exchanged most of its Procter & Gamble Co stock for that company's Duracell battery business, plus cash. Buffett believes Berkshire's investment and derivative gains in any given quarter are often meaningless, but accounting rules require Berkshire to report them in its earnings statements. His preferred measure of growth for Berkshire, book value per Class A share, or assets minus liabilities, rose 3.5 percent from the end of the year to $178,073. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units in insurance, chemical, energy, food and clothing, railroad and other sectors, and also has large investments in stocks of companies such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co . Berkshire said its insurance businesses swung to a $267 million underwriting loss from a year-earlier profit of $213 million. It said this reflected higher losses from catastrophes in 2017, including an Australian cyclone in March, and unexpectedly high losses related to hurricanes and earthquakes in 2016. Berkshire said the loss also reflected the amortization of deferred charges related to its January agreement to take on many long-term risks in American International Group Inc's property and casualty portfolio, in exchange for a $10.2 billion upfront payment. That payment helped push float, or the amount of insurance premiums collected before claims are paid and which help funds Berkshire's growth, up to about $105 billion from $91 billion at the end of 2016, Berkshire said. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in Omaha, Nebraska; Editing by Nick Zieminski) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting By Jonathan Stempel OMAHA, Neb. (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc , the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, on Friday reported a 27 percent decline in first-quarter profit, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. The results were released one day before Berkshire's annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, where Buffett, 86, and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, will answer five hours of questions from shareholders, journalists and analysts. That meeting is part of a weekend of events throughout Omaha expected to draw more than 37,000 shareholders. Net income fell to $4.06 billion, or $2,469 per Class A share, from $5.59 billion, or $3,401, a year earlier. Operating profit, which excludes investment and derivative gains and losses, fell 5 percent to $3.56 billion, or $2,163 per Class A share, from $3.74 billion, or $2,274. Analysts on average expected operating profit of about $2,666 per Class A share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Last year's results, meanwhile, included a $1.9 billion gain when Berkshire exchanged most of its Procter & Gamble Co stock for that company's Duracell battery business, plus cash. Buffett believes Berkshire's investment and derivative gains in any given quarter are often meaningless, but accounting rules require Berkshire to report them in its earnings statements. His preferred measure of growth for Berkshire, book value per Class A share, or assets minus liabilities, rose 3.5 percent from the end of the year to $178,073. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units in insurance, chemical, energy, food and clothing, railroad and other sectors, and also has large investments in stocks of companies such as Apple Inc and Wells Fargo & Co . Berkshire said its insurance businesses swung to a $267 million underwriting loss from a year-earlier profit of $213 million. It said this reflected higher losses from catastrophes in 2017, including an Australian cyclone in March, and unexpectedly high losses related to hurricanes and earthquakes in 2016. Berkshire said the loss also reflected the amortization of deferred charges related to its January agreement to take on many long-term risks in American International Group Inc's property and casualty portfolio, in exchange for a $10.2 billion upfront payment. That payment helped push float, or the amount of insurance premiums collected before claims are paid and which help funds Berkshire's growth, up to about $105 billion from $91 billion at the end of 2016, Berkshire said. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in Omaha, Nebraska; Editing by Nick Zieminski) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Local Government Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Rod Blum’s town hall vetting stinks Road projects coming before big I-80/I-380 interchange overhaul Billy Moyer dominant in MLRA win at Independence Quinn Houlahan, 22, remembered as adventurous, inquisitive Mind your manners at garage sales Top Shelf: Beer and wine pairing events grow in popularity Books as wonderful as blooming apple trees Boulton off to fast start in Democratic gubernatorial race Billy Moyer dominant in MLRA win at Independence Kernels lose to Fort Wayne, 4-3, but reliever Alex Robinson continues throwing strikes News Track: Iowa City chooses climate committee members Consultant, contract yet to be approved by council Video Photo Iowa City Sustainability Director Brenda Nations stands Feb. 2 in front of the certified LEED Platinum Environmental Education Center at the East Side Recycling Center, 2401 Scott Blvd. SE in Iowa City. (Jim Slosiarek/The Gazette) Madison Arnold More stories from Madison May 7, 2017 at 12:01 am | Print View BACKGROUND IOWA CITY — City staff and the City Council announced earlier this year they were seeking Iowa City residents to participate in a Climate Action Steering Committee as part of an initiative to reduce the entire city’s carbon emissions. Late last year, the city put out a request for proposals from consultants who believed they could help Iowa City reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 26 to 28 percent of its 2005 levels by 2025 and 80 percent by 2050. To help, the council created a Climate Action Steering Committee. In addition to seven “community stakeholder” seats for organizations and a University of Iowa student spot, the council opened up five seats. WHAT’S HAPPENED SINCE The City Council recently announced the members chosen to serve on the committee. In addition to representatives from stakeholders like MidAmerican Energy, Kirkwood Community College and the Iowa City Area Chamber of Commerce, the city decided on five residents with various backgrounds. Members have not formally met as the council has yet to choose a consultant. Brenda Nations, the city’s sustainability coordinator, said she expected the contract to be on the council’s next regular agenda. “The goal is for the steering committee to really have a lot of input to prioritize some of the actions and get input from the community and really be involved in the whole process in a really major way,” she said. The Climate Action and Adaptation Plan is meant to be community driven because the goals are for the entire city, not just the land, buildings or vehicles Iowa City itself owns. Nations said she believes there’s a lot of public support for the project, which saw about 41 applications for the five open seats. One of the members selected by the council is Anne Russett, who previously worked at the Oregon Department of Transportation to identify strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. “I’m generally just very concerned and very interested in identifying strategies to curb climate change and I think it’s really important for communities to kind of collectively act,” she said. Martha Norbeck, an architect and LEED building consultant, is another member selected for an at-large position. She said she’d like the future plan to get more residents on bicycles, reduce short car trips and track their energy usage, among other goals. l Comments: (319) 339-3172; maddy.arnold@thegazette.com Who’s on the Climate Change committee? Stakeholders • University of Iowa: Ingrid Anderson, environmental compliance specialist • Greater Iowa City Home Builders Association: Karyl Bohnsack, executive officer • Procter & Gamble Oral Care: Katie Sarsfield, site engineering Leader • MidAmerican Energy: Jesse Leckband, senior environmental analyst • Kirkwood Community College: Melissa Jensen, director of emergency services and campus security • Iowa City Area Chamber of Commerce: Kim Casko, president and CEO • Certified Architect: Matt Krieger, Neumann-Monson Architects At-large seats • John Fraser, management consultant • Charlie Stanier, associate engineering professor. • Martha Norbeck, architect • Eric Tate. assistant professor geographical & sustainability sciences Anne Russett, city planner for city of Cedar Rapids Student representative • Eden DeWald, University of Iowa Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Government articles Iowa GOP lawmakers get boost from Koch-f ... Road projects coming before big I-80/I-3 ... Despite law change Linn, Johnson countie ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
istanbul escort avcilar escort mecidiyekoy escort sevgilisine gec cikacagini soyleyerek yanina cagiriyor Onun porno gonlunu uzun zamandir yogunluktan dolayi yapamayan azgin esmer porno izle kadin iceri giren sevgilisine bacaklarini acarak yaptigi klimasinin porno tamiri icin teknik servis cagiriyor Yari ciplak halde adami karsilayarak sex izle yatak odasinda calismasina yardimci oluyor Merdiven uzerindeki adama asagindan yardim porno hikaye ederken yukaridan gorunen dekoltesi ile sekreteri ile tatile cikiyor Islerin porno video yogunlugundan kendisine vakit ayiramayan yasli adam citir sekreterinin de arzulu birisi oldugunu porno indir bildiginden hemen onu kucagina alarak ufak memelerinin acik renkli uclarini emerek porno izle azdirip domaltiyor Karsi cikmadan domalarak etegini sirtina toplayan sarisini beceriyor Sun May 7, 2017  |  Updated 12:31 PM IST  |Home| Sitemap Search for: State| National| Business| Opinion| Sports| International| Horoscope | Daily Horoscope Weekly Horoscope Photo Gallery| Suggestion| Sunday Magazine| Letters| RSS Feed porno Menu State National Business Opinion Sports International Horoscope Daily Horoscope Weekly Horoscope Photo Gallery Suggestion Sunday Magazine Letters RSS Feed Breaking News: CMs of Naxal-hit states to give shape to new strategy E-Paper IIIM-Jammu Pride of J&K Posted on 7/05/2017 by Dailyexcelsior Rajan Gandhi Institute of Integrative Medicine(IIIM), Jammu  is a premier institute of India renowned worldwide for its research work and products .Started in 1957 as a small Regional Drug laboratory which was subsequently taken over by CSIR in 1957 as Regional Research Laboratory(RRL) and Col.Sir Ram Nath Chopra , father of Modern Pharmocolgy in India , as its first Director. However in 2007 keeping in view the expertise developed in the area of natural products and revised mandate of the institute to explore and exploit natural, nature like and synthetic products with modern scientific tools to reduce the burden of disease, the institute became more focused towards integrative medicine hence was renamed as Indian Institute of Integrative Medicine in 2007 by the governing body of CSIR (Council of Scientific & Industrial Research). Having significant expertise in the area of medicinal & aromatic plants, initially Col. Chopra started its related R&D activities such as collection of plants from north & north-west and study the chemistry and pharmacology of the plant extracts and the new molecules isolated from these plants. Thus the initial mandate of this laboratory was mainly focused on screening the flora of north India for new molecules and to study the biological activity of these molecules. Gradually the activities of the institute increased, many more disciplines were introduced, that were important for the exploitation of regional resources such as mineral technology division, paper & pulp, fur technology division, sericulture, food technology division and mycology division. The main stream department such as chemistry, botany and pharmacology were strengthened by the introduction of a small animal house, instrumentation and chemical engineering & design division. The activity of the Institute gradually increased which showed up in its publications and technology developments. With the passage of time, the institute developed high quality expertise and infrastructure for working in the area of plant based products & drugs to explore new botanicals for new molecules and new activity. The institute specialized for working in the area of chemistry of natural products, synthesis of new & nature like molecules. These were studied for their use on various indication such as Oncology, hepatoprotection(liver protection), anti-bacterial, bio-enhancers, anti-diabetes, anti-inflammation, aphrodisiac, hypertension, immunomodulation ( immune response is altered to a desired level) , anti-oxidants, oral care and beauty care. Some of the areas which did not progress to the satisfaction level gradually became redundant and were dropped subsequently. Such is the expertise of the institute that a  MoU was signed by IIIM, Jammu with Shri Mata Vaishno Devi University, Jammu on 8th March, 2005 wherein IIIM, Jammu will help the SMVDU to start B.Tech in Industrial Bio-Technology, the first such course to be taught anywhere in the country, thus creating a niche for IIIM Jammu at National level. Under the agreement students of this course will have access to the state-of-the-art facilities available at IIIM, Jammu and also get an opportunity to interact with the scientists and visiting faculty from IIIM .In addition to this MoU was signed with SKUAST Srinagar regarding mutual scientific & technical cooperation for strengthening the R & D programs on cultivation of mushrooms, and some selected medicinal & aromatic plants, with Dharamarth Trust Jammu and Kashmir for gainful utilization of resources and land mass available with JKDT,  an MoU signed between IIIM  Jammu and M/S Prathista Industries Ltd., Secundrabad by which IIIM  Jammu will develop technologies for the production of Gluconate salts of Cu(II) & Fe(II), glucono-delta lectone and Calcium lectobionate for the party and this MoU fetched IIIM Jammu the CSIR Technology Award . A Tripartite MoU has been signed between IIIM, Jammu, M/S Medley Pharmaceutical Ltd., Mumbai and Center for Liver Research and Diagnostics, Hyderabad and under this agreement the organizations would work in collaboration for generation of pharmacological data of a product of plant origin i.e. 97- M developed by IIIM for treatment of liver disorders. Under confidential disclosure agreement signed between IIIM, Jammu and M/S Bicon Ltd., Bangalore, IIIM will disclose Intellectual property in the area of herbal drugs to the party for entering into a joint venture for the development of herbal drugs or formulations there of. Under an MoU signed between IIIM, Jammu and M/S Genova Bio-techniques Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad,IIIM Jammu had to undertake “Up-scaling and standardizing the Process for the Production of the enriched extract of 1,25-dihydroxy Vitamin D3 , MoU has been signed between IIIM, Jammu and Flex Foods Ltd., Dehradun for undertaking Toxicity studies as per USFDA/OECD Guidelines and preclinical studies on a herbal formulation as a dietary / food supplement for sexual behavior changes. Agreement signed between DST, New Delhi, IIIM, Jammu, Ayurvedic Research Center-KEM Hospital, Mumbai, TN Medical College , Mumbai, M/S Dhootpapeshwar Ltd., Mumbai for the ” Development of herbomineral and plant based disease oriented immunomodulatory formulations”. Tripartite agreement signed between DST, New Delhi, IIIM, Jammu and Indian Medicines Pharmaceuticals Corp. Ltd., Mohan (Almora) for the “Standardization of Ayurvedic herbal formulations using modern techniques,with Lupin Ltd., Mumbai for developing anti-diabetic marketable products of plant origin, with Chitarangan National Cancer Institute, Calcutta for evaluation of in vitro cytotoxicity of certain compounds against human cancer cell lines, with M/s Shanta Biotech on 21st June, 2001 for development of recombinant homologue of IIIMY-15 enzyme as a commercial product directed to pharmaceutical Industry for resolution of racemic drug intermediates, MoU signed between IIIM and International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (ICGEB), New Delhi for collaboration on identification of biologically important substances which are being produced by gall midge after infection in susceptible and resistant varieties of rice. Thus IIIM Jammu has become  one of the few institutes of the country where we have strong R&D interface in the areas of botanical sciences, natural product chemistry, pharmacology with a strong instrumentation support under the same roof. In addition, there is a multipurpose pilot plant for process development for the extraction of plant based materials, isolation of bioactive products and fermentation technology. Some of the industrial partners of this institute are multinational companies of repute such as Colgate Palmolive, USA; Procter & Gamble, USA; Sigma, USA; Chromodex, USA; Tropical Botanics, Malaysia; Nicholas Piramal, Mumbai; Ranbaxy Laboratories, Gurgaon; Lupin Limited, Pune; Bharat Biotech, Hyderabad; Prathista Industries, Secunderabad; Genova Biotechniques, Hyderabad and many others.Some of the plant varieties developed at IIIM includes Cymbopogons (lemon grass), lemongrass essential oil is used as aromatherapy to relieve muscle pain, externally to kill bacteria, ward off insects, and reduce body aches, and internally to help your digestive system. It can also be used for flavoring tea and soups, and it adds fragrance to cosmetics, soaps, and homemade deodorizers.Some varieties of lemongrass developed are KALAM for drought prone areas, Tawi Rosa which is used in high grade perfumery.Jamrosa,Ocimums,Mentha Longifolia . In addition to this Hops which is an essential raw material for manufacture of beer , Ashwagandha variety with 200% yield over the conventionally grown varieties, Dioscorea composite, the strain developed by IIIM, Jammu grows vigorously and contain 3.6 % diosgenin used for hormones and oral contraceptive and Celery which is used as a flavoring agent. Numerous scientists of this institute have been awarded prestigious awards nationally as well as internationally since it’s inception. In fact such is the yeoman services of IIIM Jammu that it  is not only helping farmers to grow all these , but collect their crop, get the oil from yield and sell the oil on behalf of farmers and transferring money to their accounts directly.Under the expert supervision and persistent efforts of present Director Dr. Ram A Vishwakarma ,IIIM Jammu has been awarded permission by state Government for cultivation of cannabis for research and medicinal products which will further boost the local economy and job opportunities .IIIM is also in collaboration with State Government to utilize unutilized Government lands for medicinal plants cultivation thus providing local population the much needed expertise at no cost at all.To sum up the things IIIM , Jammu is no doubt Crowning Jewel of the state of Jammu and Kashmir which is not only doing research work but providing expertise, infrastructure to whole state as well as making state proud of its contribution worldwide in the field of pharmacology, chemistry and integrative medicine. In the end a few words of praise for IIIM Jammu: “Do not worry about who get the credit or praise of the work done. Continue work to give your best.Your reward may come unexpected.” rajangandhijammu@gmail.com Share this: Tweet Share on Tumblr Print & PDF Related Download Daily Excelsior Apps Now: Share With Tweet This entry was posted in Top Stories, Top Stories Left. Bookmark the permalink. State Cong leader, BJP workers trade charges... Dr Jitendra takes dig at previous regime for ha... Farooq reviews NC affairs... BJP organizes Jan Sampark Rally... JKTDC Employees’ Union stages protest... Gurah Salathia to be projected as J&K’s ... IKMT takes out protest rally against Govt... Soz deplores MEA for sending back Pak students... Priya inaugurates school building at Basholi villa... Div Com tours city areas, inspects JDA works... Lal Singh takes stock of public grievances... DB stays judgment on NRHM docs... Stop anti-national propaganda: Randhir... Speaker, PHE Minister dedicate six tube wells to p... Pandits primary stakeholders of Kashmir: KPJA... PDP, BJP neglecting Chenab region: NC... Editorial Polluting Tawi Drinking Water Programme Bias against Dogri CM appeals for normalcy CM appeals for normalcy Bias against Dogri Cancellation of polls Adopting martyrs’ families More Related News Markets NASDAQ 6100.76    +25.42 S&P 500 2399.29    +9.77 INFY 14.80    +0.08 GCG12.CMX N/A    N/A ^NSEBANK N/A    N/A PFE 33.48    +0.03 MSFT 69.00    +0.19 Weekly Special Art World Heritage Nature Food Shelf Life Style Travelogue Healthline Fashion Science & Technology Career & Education Bollywood Buzz Bookreview Tourism Sports Sacred Space Advertise With Us Results & Lists Real Estate Brides Grooms Obituaries Employment Tender Miscellaneous Education Tariff Plans HomeAbout Us Opinion Archive Section Suggestions Send Mail MailbagOld ArchiveAir Rail TimingWeather DisclaimerTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyPay OnlineClick here to Bookmark Weekly Sunday Magazine All Your Answers Cipher - Decipher Inner Voice Sports Quiz Subscribe As a subscriber, you will have full access to all of our Newsletters and News Bulletins. Click here to make Daily Excelsior your default homepage Edited, Printed, Published by Kamal Rohmetra and owned by Excelsior. Executive Editor Neeraj Rohmetra. Printed at Excelsior Printer Pvt Ltd, Janipura, Jammu and published from EXCELSIOR HOUSE, Janipura, Jammu 180007 (J&K). Phones: +91-191 2537055, +91-1912537901, +91-191 2539178. Fax: +91-191-2537831 Daily Excelsior Srinagar office: 2 Partap Park Srinagar Phones:+91-194 2450213 Copyright © 2014 DailyExcelsior All Rights Reserved. Designed Developed & Hosted by Pugmarks.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Insurance income woes for Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Insurance income woes for Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Inc. The company had released its results a day prior to its annual meeting, which is the highlight of a weekend of events in Omaha, Nebraska. Last year more than 37,000 shareholders had attended the meeting where Berkshire’s dozens of businesses were showcased. By: FE Online | Published: May 6, 2017 9:50 PM Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. reported a 27 percent dip in first-quarter profit, as losses from insurance underwriting reduced the operating results lower than what most analysts had forecast. (Image: Reuters) Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. reported a 27 percent dip in first-quarter profit, as losses from insurance underwriting reduced the operating results lower than what most analysts had forecast. Analysts had on average forecast an operating profit of about $2,666 per Class A share of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., according to Reuters. The company had released its results a day prior to its annual meeting, which is the highlight of a weekend of events in Omaha, Nebraska. Last year more than 37,000 shareholders had attended the meeting where Berkshire’s dozens of businesses were showcased. The meeting is keenly watched by thousands of Warren Buffett fans around the world, as he shares his investing gospel at the annual event. The results were driven by underwriting losses at Berkshire’s namesake reinsurance group and General Re unit, which both incurred losses due to a cyclone in Australia. Also, the pre-tax profits at Geico, which sells auto insurance, fell 34 percent. You may also like to watch: Net income fell to $4.06 billion, or $2,469 per Class A share of the company, from $5.59 billion a year earlier, when Berkshire had gained $1.9 billion by swapping its Procter & Gamble Co stock for Duracell’s battery business. Quarterly operating profits, which exclude investment and derivative gains and losses, fell 5 percent to a three-year low of $3.56 billion, or $2,163 per Class A share of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., from $3.74 billion in the previous year. Despite the fall in earnings, Buffett’s preferred measure of growth for Berkshire, book value per Class A share, or assets minus liabilities, rose 3.5 percent in the quarter to $178,073. Also, the company ended the quarter with roughly $96.5 billion of cash, equivalents and Treasury bills, a record sum and enough for major acquisitions. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units in insurance, chemical, energy, food and clothing, railroad and other sectors, and also has large investments in stocks of companies such as Apple Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. No Comments. Don't Miss AAP infighting live updates: Kapil Mishra alleges Arvind Kejriwal of taking Rs 2 cr from Satyendar Jain AAP crisis: Kapil Mishra makes shocking allegation, says 'Satyendar Jain gave Rs 2 cr to Arvind Kejriwal' Japan's SoftBank takes driving seat in Indian online shake-up Protectionism can blunt US firms' efficiency: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Naveen Patnaik revamps Odisha ministry: Twelve ministers, including 10 new entrants sworn in After MCD loss Ajay Maken urges Congress workers to prepare for next elections Space diplomacy triumphs: But will South Asia Satellite become white elephant in space? No Karachi-Mumbai PIA flight from tomorrow: Pakistani official Finance Minister Arun Jaitley asks Asian Development Bank to reduce time lag in loan approval and disbursal Tata Motors expects 15% growth in commercial vehicles exports Business Gallery China’s C919 by COMAC to take on Airbus A320 & Boeing 737: Here is all you want to know about the jet Swachh Survekshan Awards: From Indore to Tirupati, check out India’s 10 cleanest cities Dust storm chokes Beijing and northern China: Here’s how the area looks like India’s first ‘Pod hotel’ comes up in suburban Andheri; check out the one-of-its-kind features Tejas Express: Inside Indian Railways’ luxury train that will take you from Mumbai to Goa at 130 kmph! Technology Gallery PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours From Oppo F3 to Vivo V5: Best ‘Selfie expert’ smartphones in India under Rs 20,000 From Samsung to Xiaomi: Best budget smartphones priced under Rs 15,000 From fitness band, bluetooth device to smartphones, here are top 8 noteworthy gadgets Hindi News कपिल मिश्रा का बड़ा आरोप- सत्येंद्र जैन ने अरविंद केजरीवाल को मेरे सामने दिए दो करोड़ रु कैश AAP ने 14 जिला इंचार्ज बदले, अमानतुल्ला खान का कद बढ़ा, विश्वास के करीबियों का 'डिमोशन' यूपी: भाजपाइयों में सरकारी पद पाने की होड़, रेज्यूमे चमकाने के लिए साध रहे आरएसएस से संपर्क Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
  Go Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guardian Life Guardian TV Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Technology  |  Technology   IBM falls as Buffett reports reduced stake ahead of meeting By Bloomberg   |   06 May 2017   |   4:40 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Warren Buffett Warren Buffett is acknowledging what many investors have already realized: IBM’s long-promised reinvention is slow, painful and nowhere near close to the end. In an interview with CNBC, the billionaire chairman and chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. disclosed that he sold about a third of the firm’s investment in the computer-services giant during the first half of this year. Before the sales, Berkshire held about 81 million shares. The news led IBM to tumble as much as 3.8 percent to $153.00 Friday in New York, its lowest intraday price since November. IBM has been frustrating investors for years, reporting in April its 20th straight quarterly revenue decline. The company once synonymous with mainframe innovations has been slow to adopt cloud-related technologies and has had to play catch-up to the likes of Amazon.com Inc. in offering computing and other software and services over the Internet. “I don’t value IBM the same way that I did six years ago when I started buying,” Buffett told CNBC. “I’ve revalued it somewhat downward.” Buffett said that in looking back at how IBM thought their business would develop, “what they’ve run into is some pretty tough competitors.” He may have been thinking about Amazon Web Services, said UBS analyst Steve Milunovich. Amazon’s cloud-computing offerings command about 45 percent of the market for infrastructure as a service, where companies buy basic computing and storage power from the cloud. “Buffett often has praised Jeff Bezos,” Amazon’s CEO, Milunovich wrote in a note Friday. “Even though IBM positions hybrid cloud as a destination rather than a transition, AWS threatens Big Blue’s on-premise computing dominance.” Credit rating companies are also more pessimistic. Standard & Poor’s cut IBM’s bond rating to A+ from AA- on Friday, saying operating profit margins won’t improve as much as projected and its transition “to operating stability will take longer than we had previously forecast.” Moody’s Investors Service downgraded to A1 from Aa3 on Thursday, saying the company’s transition and investments are hurting profitability and cash flow. Initial Interest Berkshire started building its International Business Machines Corp. stake in 2011, and eventually became the company’s largest shareholder, with an investment valued at almost $13 billion. With his initial interest, Buffett was betting on IBM’s expertise in information technology services to drive growth in emerging markets. At the time, then Chief Executive Officer Sam Palmisano, was steering Big Blue toward services and software and away from hardware. To achieve that, he’d been making aggressive stock buybacks, spending more than $15 billion annually on repurchases during his last two years at the company. IBM abandoned that goal in 2014 under CEO Ginni Rometty, sending shares spiraling. Rometty, who took over in 2012, has slowed the pace of share buybacks in recent years, spending instead on acquisitions to bolster growth areas. While IBM is working to become a cloud purveyor, its new services and software haven’t been growing fast enough to counter the slowdown in some of its major business lines, such as traditional information-technology services, which have been declining quickly. After a run of three straight annual declines, IBM’s shares gained about 21 percent in 2016 but are still more than 25 percent lower than the company’s 10-year peak in 2013. The shares have lagged behind technology peers and the S&P 500 Index in 2017. Buffett Buffer Without the Buffett buffer, IBM may receive more scrutiny around when they’ll reach that inflection point. “This may put some pressure on management to be more aggressive in returning to growth,” Anurag Rana, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst, said in an email. Other investors “may get impatient.” Thousands of Berkshire investors will gather in Omaha, Nebraska, for Berkshire’s annual meeting on Saturday. Buffett, 86, and Vice Chairman Charles Munger, who regularly field questions from shareholders at the event, can expect to be quizzed about IBM — as they have been in the past. Representatives of Berkshire and IBM didn’t respond to requests for comment. No Commitment While Buffett is known for sticking with stocks like Coca-Cola Co. for decades, he’s not wedded to old favorites when circumstances change. In recent years, he got rid of most of Berkshire’s stock in Procter & Gamble Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. He cited the competition facing Wal-Mart from online rivals like Amazon.com Inc., while pointing in 2012 to disappointing results at P&G. The billionaire also exited most of its stake in Graham Holdings Inc., after that company sold the Washington Post newspaper. Buffett was previously on the board of the Washington Post Co., and the stock was one of his best investments. Berkshire stressed in its annual report in February that it’s willing to exit long-time holdings in its stock portfolio, contrasting that flexibility with Buffett’s commitment to permanently hold most companies that he acquires outright. “It is true that we own some stocks that I have no intention of selling for as far as the eye can see (and we’re talking 20/20 vision),” Buffett wrote in the letter. “But we have made no commitment that Berkshire will hold any of its marketable securities forever.” Two common yardsticks for value investing show IBM’s assets being downgraded by the market while estimated earnings have failed to keep pace with the stock price.The company’s price to book ratio has receded to near its 2011 level while price to earnings growth has increased by about 75 percent. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: IBMWarren Buffett You may also like Warner and YouTube renew licensing deal to keep music streaming 2 hours ago  Technology Buffett says his IBM thesis was flawed, he blew it on Google 2 hours ago  Technology China's WeChat blocked in Russia 1 day ago  Technology Slack opens new London office amid Brexit uncertainty 1 day ago  Technology Apple jumps to lead wearable computing with smartwatch 1 day ago  Technology Landmark varsity partners NASRDA on agric technology 1 day ago  Technology More   Latest Macron, Le Pen face off as France elects president 17 mins ago  World Esa soup like never before 1 hour ago  Food and Drink Buhari receives 82 Chibok girls released by Boko haram 1 hour ago  News Why Oba Akiolu of Lagos greeted Ooni the Lagos way 1 hour ago  Sunday Magazine Obasanjo declines comment on Buhari’s health status 1 hour ago  News More   Communication NITDA’s roadmap can save Nigeria $3.8bn annually 2 days ago   IHS launches Vendor Upskill pilot programme in Nigeria 2 days ago   Paga, NIPOST take financial services across Nigeria 2 days ago   Lagos State Government unrelenting, again pushes for Computer Village’s relocation 28 Apr   Mainone opens new chapter in data center project 28 Apr   Top Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
