Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $13,667,000 in InterXion Holding N.V. (INXN) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $14,245,000 Position in Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Owens Corning Inc (OC) Position Increased by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Position Increased by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Decreases Stake in Eversource Energy (ES) Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $925,000 Stake in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Raised by Moors & Cabot Inc. Capital World Investors Continues to Hold Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Watch Point Trust Co Lowers Position in Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) January 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Watch Point Trust Co reduced its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) by 18.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 22,773 shares of the company’s stock after selling 5,143 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co. accounts for about 2.0% of Watch Point Trust Co’s portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. Watch Point Trust Co’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co. were worth $2,044,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Cohen & Steers Inc. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. by 10,454.9% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 20,623,882 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,473,320,000 after buying an additional 20,428,486 shares during the period. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. during the second quarter worth $426,390,000. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares during the period. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. by 198.8% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 4,367,095 shares of the company’s stock worth $391,947,000 after buying an additional 2,905,755 shares during the period. Finally, Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. by 33.9% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 9,700,307 shares of the company’s stock worth $821,325,000 after buying an additional 2,454,215 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 67.27% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.27% on Thursday, reaching $84.70. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 14,039,979 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $84.16 and its 200-day moving average is $85.92. Procter & Gamble Co. has a 1-year low of $75.41 and a 1-year high of $90.33. The stock has a market cap of $226.66 billion, a PE ratio of 22.59 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Co. had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The company earned $16.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.49 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.98 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be issued a dividend of $0.6695 per share. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.16%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Co.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 71.66%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/19/watch-point-trust-co-lowers-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on PG shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Procter & Gamble Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, October 21st. Argus upgraded Procter & Gamble Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $88.54 to $103.00 in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co. in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Vetr lowered Procter & Gamble Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday, October 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group set a $93.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Co. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $89.07. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co. The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Moors & Cabot Inc. Buys 27 Shares of Target Corporation (TGT) Westover Capital Advisors LLC Has $386,000 Position in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Capital International Investors Has $109,820,000 Stake in Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Shares Bought by Capital Research Global Investors Capital Research Global Investors Has $339,384,000 Stake in Kite Pharma, Inc. (KITE) Capital World Investors Maintains Stake in PACCAR Inc. (PCAR) Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV Acquires 11,806 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) Posted by William Strong on Jan 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV boosted its position in Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) by 75.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 27,557 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 11,806 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co. makes up about 1.4% of Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV’s portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co. were worth $2,473,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Private Bank & Trust Co. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 4.8% in the second quarter. Private Bank & Trust Co. now owns 29,952 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,536,000 after buying an additional 1,365 shares during the period. Visionary Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 1.0% in the second quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. now owns 30,595 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,590,000 after buying an additional 308 shares during the period. Trust Co. of Oklahoma raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 42.3% in the second quarter. Trust Co. of Oklahoma now owns 7,820 shares of the company’s stock worth $662,000 after buying an additional 2,325 shares during the period. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 6.6% in the second quarter. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt now owns 308,262 shares of the company’s stock worth $26,100,000 after buying an additional 19,100 shares during the period. Finally, Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 1.9% in the second quarter. Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR now owns 47,208 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,997,000 after buying an additional 900 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 67.27% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.35% during trading on Thursday, hitting $84.63. The stock had a trading volume of 12,585,460 shares. The company has a market cap of $226.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.57 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Co. has a 52-week low of $75.41 and a 52-week high of $90.33. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $84.16 and a 200-day moving average price of $85.92. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.05. The business earned $16.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $16.49 billion. Procter & Gamble Co. had a net margin of 16.27% and a return on equity of 17.95%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.98 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co. will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a dividend of $0.6695 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.15%. Procter & Gamble Co.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 71.66%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV Acquires 11,806 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co. (PG)” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/19/investment-partners-ltd-oh-adv-acquires-11806-shares-of-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. Several brokerages recently commented on PG. Deutsche Bank AG lowered Procter & Gamble Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their target price for the company from $95.00 to $90.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. SunTrust Banks Inc. lowered Procter & Gamble Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their target price for the company from $95.00 to $85.00 in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Wells Fargo & Co. restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co. in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Procter & Gamble Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Friday, October 14th. Finally, Vetr lowered Procter & Gamble Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, October 10th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $89.07. In other Procter & Gamble Co. news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Procter & Gamble Co. The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Western Union’s (WU) “Market Perform” Rating Reiterated at JMP Securities Next » Denis F. Kelly Sells 774 Shares of MSC Industrial Direct Co. (MSM) Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home Sections Wired World South Africa Africa World Business Life, Etc Sport Opinionistas Special Features Coughing Up For Gold Until Julius Comes Brain Porn Daily Maverick Podcasts Zapiro Cartoons Newsletter Search About About Us Contact Us Loading Danger: mind-broadening ahead 28 January 2017 04:58 (South Africa) South Africa To the dogs: What pet food reveals about the dawn of the Trumpocene Kevin Bloom Kevin Bloom Kevin Bloom has written for a wide array of South African and international publications, including Granta, the UK Times and the Guardian, and is an Honorary Writing Fellow at the University of Iowa, having completed the fall residency of the International Writing Program in 2011. Kevin’s first book, Ways of Staying, won the 2010 South African Literary Award for literary journalism, and was shortlisted for the Alan Paton Award. He is currently working on a book about a changing Africa. South Africa 19 Jan 2017 11:08 (South Africa) Ten years ago, the signs were everywhere. The “2007 pet food scandal”, for instance, which snuffed out the lives of thousands of pets in North America, Europe and South Africa, was just another tear in the fabric, one more clue that behind the curtain were a bunch of deranged clowns who controlled all the information. But because the pet food scandal had a local slant, and because the facts were so skilfully discombobulated, there was something a little special about this particular harbinger of the inauguration of President Trump. By KEVIN BLOOM. In case you didn’t know it, “dog” is “God” spelt backwards. Here’s something else that maybe you didn’t know about dogs. The global pet food industry is run by humanity’s most amazing multinational corporations. They’re so amazing, these corporations, that the most recognisable of them – Nestlé – admitted last year to instances of slavery (!) in its Thailand operation while continuing to fight a child labour lawsuit in Ivory Coast. So amazing that another of them known for dabbling in forced labour in Indonesia – Colgate-Palmolive – remains the only company in the United States that still laces its toothpaste with a chemical banned from soap. So amazing that the CEO of the one with a customer base of nearly 5-billion people – Proctor and Gamble – said some wonderful things recently about “not overwhelming consumers with too much choice”, even though he’d been a little less talkative about a) the arrest of nine Greenpeace activists at his company headquarters in Cincinnati, and b) the accusations against him of large-scale tax fraud in Argentina. Thank Dog, then, that our pets are being fed from the hands of such responsible corporate citizens. And thank Dog for Donald Trump, who, when he was still in the race to be the planet’s Top Dog, let us know how dog-tired he was of all the pet food recalls being ordered all the time by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). “The FDA food police,” was how the Trump campaign put it in a fact sheet back in September 2016, “which dictate how the federal government expects farmers to produce fruits and vegetables and even dictates the nutritional content of dog food.” If you didn’t get the significance of that “even” the first time, the fact sheet was kind enough to repeat it for you in the next sentence. “The rules govern the soil farmers use, farm and food production hygiene, food packaging, food temperatures and even [italics ours] what animals may roam which fields and when.” Yup, according to the Trump presidential campaign, Big Government wasn’t only interfering in the inalienable rights of all God-fearing Americans to put whatever junk they wanted into their own Goddamn mouths, it was even interfering in the inalienable rights of beings with no Goddamn rights whatsoever, being (non-God-fearing) animals. The “nutritional content” of dog food? For real? For real. The FDA was (is?) un-American. But hindsight, as someone once said, is an exact science. Now that Trump has won and the Chairman (and CEO) of ExxonMobil is about to become the most powerful foreign diplomat in the known universe, it’s all so blindingly obvious. Nestlé, Colgate-Palmolive and Proctor and Gamble (not to forget Del Monte Foods, Marc Inc. and Mogiana Alimentos) sit atop a global pet food market of $70-billion, and it has never been in their interests to give a fuck about the “true” nutritional value of their products. There was a time, of course, when they used to pretend to give a fuck – a time when the FDA wasn’t seen as a tool of liberal stooges, a time when poisoning by salmonella actually meant something to POTUS and his administration, a time when the swindles and fixes and collusions were still subtle, cunning, appropriately difficult to spot. The year 2007, for instance, which would one day be remembered for the eponymous “2007 pet food recalls”. If there was any occasion when the pet food industry needed to come together and pretend to give a fuck, it was this. The crisis flared up in March, with veterinary organisations reporting more than 100 pet deaths linked to ingestion of the industrial chemical melamine. Less than two weeks into April, one online database was reporting 3,600 deaths. Although the first recalls were announced in the United States by Menu Foods (a contract manufacturer for Proctor and Gamble), the ensuing months would see the recalls spread throughout North America and across the Atlantic into Europe and South Africa. The affected brands would eventually include such well-known doggy and kitty staples as Nestlé Purina Petcare, Hill’s Pet Nutrition (a subsidiary of Colgate-Palmolive), Royal Canin (a subsidiary of Mars, Inc) and more than a dozen brands owned by American processed foods giant Del Monte. In May 2008, down in South Africa, a superhero consumer journalist by the name of Wendy Knowler decided to assess the damage to the industry. Under the header “Wonder nutrition or modern scourge?”, Knowler published an article in The Star that asked whether South Africans had suffered a crisis of confidence in their pet food. “Apparently not,” she concluded, citing the executive director of the Pet Food Industry Association of Southern Africa, who noted that the local market had grown over the previous year by two percent, mainly because of the “upfront way” in which manufacturers had responded to the crisis. Knowler, shifting up into “bullshit alert” gear, explained it like this: “What the industry has always done very well is discourage pet owners from feeding their cats and dogs anything which doesn’t come out of a bag, pouch or tin.” In other words, no table scraps, no home-cooked meals, no raw meat, and no bones. “In the case of the ‘premium’ brands sold at veterinary practices,” she continued (for ‘premium’ brands, ref above), “the vets strongly advise pet owners to feed their animals solely on packaged food. Coming from someone with a medical degree, it’s a very powerful endorsement. And it’s backed by the SA Veterinary Association.” Implication being, some dissenting voices were accusing the processed pet food industry of orchestrating a giant scam. As Australian vet Dr Tom Lonsdale, author of the book Work Wonders: Feed Your Dog Raw Meaty Bones, told Knowler: “We as a profession have been led by the nose by vested interests into the current situation, where younger vets actually recommend commercial pet foods as the best available way of feeding domestic pets.” Knowler had a simpler phrase for it, which she borrowed from the (human) medical profession: “perverse incentives”. Remember the movie Love & Other Drugs, directed by Edward Zwick, which was based on the non-fiction book by Jamie Reidy Hard Sell: The Evolution of a Viagra Salesman? Yes? Well, it goes something like that – a rep for one of the big pharma companies takes the doc to lunch, gets the doc drunk, pays for the doc’s island holiday (listed, in the financial statements, as a medical conference). In South Africa, referring again to the human medical profession, these practices were mostly outlawed in 2004 with the passing of the Perverse Incentives Policy, implemented as part of the Marketing Code of the Medicines Control Act. But walk into almost any non-human medical practice in this country and you’re likely to see the reception area packed floor to ceiling with pellets from the above-mentioned “premium” brands. It was true when Knowler’s article was published, and it’s true today. Knowler wrote about a 2007 congress for vets at Sun City paid for by Colgate-Palmolive’s Hill’s Pet Nutrition; today you’ll find the same company paying for the Hill’s Global Symposium in Hollywood, a physical and virtual event designed to “inspire and educate veterinarians and veterinary health care team members to use nutrition to improve pets’ lives”. So what to do? Paul Jacobson, owner of Vondi’s Holistic Pet Nutrition – yes, it’s really a thing, and yes, it was founded in Cape Town – said this to Daily Maverick: “You don’t need to spend more on premium, they’re no better for your dogs or cats than the cheap brands, like Epol.” Sure, Jacobson was talking his own book – which happens to be “all-natural home cooked” – and sure, for every study that says dried kibble pellets are not an appropriate food for your pet, there’s another study (or 10) saying the opposite. But the debate is not the point. The point is the deranged clowns behind the curtain who are controlling the information. It’s not 2007 any more, Dorothy, and we’re no longer in Kansas. In the last decade, we’ve learned what the private funding of extreme pro-corporate politics can actually do to a planet. While the oil and gas conglomerates have been funnelling billions of dollars into a giant misinformation campaign that pretends to discredit the science behind climate change, the $1.5-trillion Big Food conglomerates have been throwing their money and weight around the developed world’s capitals, casting shade at the (pretty indisputable) fact that the agricultural sector emits more greenhouse gases than transportation, and that monocultures – as former US president Barack Obama said in 2008 – are “partly responsible for the explosion in our healthcare costs because they’re contributing to Type 2 diabetes, stroke and heart disease, obesity.” President Trump, even if he doesn’t do to the “FDA Food Police” what he threatened to do during the 2016 campaign, will never utter a sentence like that. Which as of today means that Big Food – ie. the conglomerates that also control the global pet food industry – can be a lot less coy about getting what it wants. And that’s not just bad news for the dogs. DM Photo by EmmyMic via Flickr. Kevin Bloom Kevin Bloom Kevin Bloom has written for a wide array of South African and international publications, including Granta, the UK Times and the Guardian, and is an Honorary Writing Fellow at the University of Iowa, having completed the fall residency of the International Writing Program in 2011. Kevin’s first book, Ways of Staying, won the 2010 South African Literary Award for literary journalism, and was shortlisted for the Alan Paton Award. He is currently working on a book about a changing Africa. South Africa Get overnight news and latest Daily Maverick articles Email Address First Thing (Mon - Sun 06:15, SAST) Afternoon Thing Mon - Fri 15:00, SAST) Info Thing (Special Events/Notices/Offers) Subscribe Do Not Miss Daily Maverick has suspended comments on the site. Until the interwebs figures out a better way to deal with the naughty kids in the class, the space for your comments is on our Facebook page and the Twitterverse. Alternatively, you are welcome to send a letter to the editor. About Us Contact Us Reader Covenants Legal Privacy Policy Comments Policy RSS
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Moors & Cabot Inc. Buys 27 Shares of Target Corporation (TGT) Westover Capital Advisors LLC Has $386,000 Position in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Capital International Investors Has $109,820,000 Stake in Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Shares Bought by Capital Research Global Investors Capital Research Global Investors Has $339,384,000 Stake in Kite Pharma, Inc. (KITE) Capital World Investors Maintains Stake in PACCAR Inc. (PCAR) Moreno Evelyn V Decreases Position in Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Moreno Evelyn V lowered its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) by 5.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 46,663 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2,517 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co. accounts for 1.6% of Moreno Evelyn V’s holdings, making the stock its 29th largest position. Moreno Evelyn V’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co. were worth $3,799,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Financial Architects Inc raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co. by 39.8% in the second quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 7,109 shares of the company’s stock valued at $602,000 after buying an additional 2,025 shares in the last quarter. RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. by 20.5% in the second quarter. RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC now owns 1,488,391 shares of the company’s stock valued at $126,186,000 after buying an additional 252,832 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. by 12.7% in the second quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 4,679,269 shares of the company’s stock valued at $396,194,000 after buying an additional 528,466 shares during the period. Private Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. by 2.6% in the third quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. now owns 79,440 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,130,000 after buying an additional 2,039 shares during the period. Finally, Mason Street Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co. during the second quarter valued at about $30,357,000. 67.27% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.58% on Thursday, reaching $84.44. 7,946,613 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $225.96 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.52 and a beta of 0.59. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $84.16 and a 200 day moving average of $85.92. Procter & Gamble Co. has a 52 week low of $75.41 and a 52 week high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Co. had a net margin of 16.27% and a return on equity of 17.95%. The firm had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.49 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.98 earnings per share. Procter & Gamble Co.’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co. will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be given a $0.6695 dividend. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.15%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 71.66%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Moreno Evelyn V Decreases Position in Procter & Gamble Co. (PG)” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/19/moreno-evelyn-v-decreases-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. Several analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co. in a research report on Monday, October 31st. Jefferies Group reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $98.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co. in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co. from an “underperform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $90.00 to $95.00 in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. SunTrust Banks Inc. lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $95.00 to $85.00 in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $89.07. In other Procter & Gamble Co. news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Procter & Gamble Co. Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO) is Midas Management Corp’s 2nd Largest Position Next » Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (AJG) Position Raised by Palouse Capital Management Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Things to Watch When Procter & Gamble Co. Posts Earnings The trends investors will be focused on in next week's quarterly report. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 18, 2017 at 2:42PM Image source: P&G. Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) has been promising a growth rebound for two years, but this week investors could finally see evidence of that recovery taking hold. The consumer goods giant is expected to announce just a small uptick in profit amid flat revenue when it posts fiscal second-quarter earnings results on Jan 25. However, its operating picture should be brighter than what those headline results suggest. Market share The company is already growing at a faster pace. Last quarter, organic revenue rose by 3% to mark P&G's best result on that metric since early 2014. Image source: P&G investor presentation. Looking deeper into the numbers, a few trends suggest Procter & Gamble could be in the early innings of a sustainable improvement here. First, momentum is on its side. Organic growth was flat three quarters ago before rising to a 2% pace and then to a 3% rate in the fiscal first quarter. Next, P&G has closed the gap with rivals. The 2% pace it is on track to hit in fiscal 2017 is the same as Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB), which trounced the company by two full percentage points in each of the prior two fiscal years. Finally, P&G's latest growth has come from volume gains, rather than price hikes, meaning the company could finally be ending its two-year market share slide. Investors should temper their enthusiasm, though, since the global market is currently bumping along at near-zero growth. Peer Unilever (NYSE:UL) warned in late October that demand gains weakened to flat in some of its biggest markets. And Kimberly-Clark sounded the same tone in its third-quarter press release, with management complaining of a "challenging economic and competitive environment" that sent volume expansion to 0% from 3% in the prior quarter. P&G will post its results within days of both Unilever and Kimberly-Clark, and if it continues to close the growth gap, then investors will know management is on the right track. Profits CEO David Taylor and his executive team expect earnings to rise by about 6% this year, not including the temporary effects of foreign currency swings and brand divestments. That would be the first time in three years that P&G has hit its long-term target of profit growth in the mid-single digits after core earnings fell by 2% in both fiscal 2016 and 2015. There's reason for optimism about a further rebound in the cards. After all, P&G's profit target was put together when the company was much larger, and much harder to manage. Now that it has shed 100 of its slowest-growing, least-profitable franchises, though, the profit picture should improve. Executives believe that the new portfolio of brands, led by blockbusters like Pampers and Gillette, should grow at a 1% faster organic sales pace and enjoy a full percentage point of higher profitability. While investors wait for those improvements to accrue to the bottom line, P&G's cost-cutting program should deliver more immediate benefits over the next few quarters. Growth outlook There are major headwinds that will make it difficult for Procter & Gamble to wow investors this week, including a soft demand environment for branded consumer products. Yet if there's any time for the company to break away from rivals and leave its own slow-growth history behind, this would be it. P&G just completed the biggest transformation in its corporate history and finally has the collection of brands that it wants -- all at a much lower cost burden. That improved positioning might at least get the company back on track to more normal sales and profit gains in fiscal 2017, while also raising expectations for accelerated growth ahead. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 2:42PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $41.07 up $0.56 (1.38%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $86.72 up $0.12 (0.14%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $120.98 down $-1.17 (-0.96%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Procter & Gamble Co Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 5 Things to Know Before You Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Procter & Gamble Co. in 6 Charts Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Things to Watch When Procter & Gamble Co. Posts Earnings @themotleyfool #stocks $UL, $PG, $KMB
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks NA Scuffle Trump Startup Lahore Raees Cricket Print Story X Print Story Home / business / Procter and Gamble appreciates conducive investment environment in Pakistan Procter and Gamble appreciates conducive investment environment in Pakistan | By  AAPP | January 18, 2017 Business 0 0 Related Stories PM Nawaz meets Swiss President in Davos DAVOS: The Chief Executive Officer of Procter and Gamble Wednesday appreciated the conducive business environment in Pakistan and credited the government for improved economy. Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif while talking to the CEO of Procter and Gamble David Taylor said the Pakistan of today was totally different from the one in the past and was an attractive place for business from around the world. The Prime Minister met the CEO Procter and Gamble here on the sidelines of the 47th World Economic Forum. David Taylor said he was very optimist about the country’s economy and was appreciative of Prime Minister’s personal interest in the improvement of the business environment in the country. He said there was a lot of conducive environment for the business sector and it was more attractive for foreign investors. The Procter and Gamble CEO said his company was providing best quality products for its local consumers. He added keeping in view the government’s positive attitude his company was planning to expand operations in the country. 0 0 Procter and Gamble appreciates conducive investment environment in Pakistan was posted in business of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on January 18, 2017 and was last updated on January 18, 2017. This news story is related to Wef, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, Proctor And Gamble, World Economic Forum, Davos, Pakistan News, Geo News, , Nawaz Sharif, David Taylor. Permanent link to the news story "Procter and Gamble appreciates conducive investment environment in Pakistan" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/127847-Procter-and-Gamble-appreciates-conducive-investment-environment-in-Pakistan. More From Business: January 28, 2017 US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 January 28, 2017 IMF says Greece debt 'explosive' in long term January 27, 2017 Pakistan Stock Exchange closes below 50,000 points January 27, 2017 Pakistan’s exports to Europe increased 37% after GSP+ status: Khurram January 26, 2017 Nisar orders to suspend Nadra, Mastercard agreement January 26, 2017 PSX-100 closes above 50,000 points, makes new records January 26, 2017 South Korea's Kia Motors drafts Trump contingency plan January 26, 2017 Oil edges down as traders weigh US stock build, OPEC cuts Latest News 21 minutes ago FDA finds toxic substance in homeopathic teething products, warns against usage 22 minutes ago Suspect gun down in a shootout: Karachi Police 35 minutes ago Filming begins on first Marvel superhero flick with black lead actor 1 hour ago Muslim woman attacked at JFK Airport 1 hour ago US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 1 hour ago It all looks as if the world is preparing for war, says former Soviet president Gorbachev GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Moors & Cabot Inc. Buys 27 Shares of Target Corporation (TGT) Westover Capital Advisors LLC Has $386,000 Position in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Capital International Investors Has $109,820,000 Stake in Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Shares Bought by Capital Research Global Investors Capital Research Global Investors Has $339,384,000 Stake in Kite Pharma, Inc. (KITE) Capital World Investors Maintains Stake in PACCAR Inc. (PCAR) Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Sells 430 Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management decreased its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 0.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 181,035 shares of the company’s stock after selling 430 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) comprises 5.9% of Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management’s portfolio, making the stock its 3rd largest position. Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $16,248,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of PG. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares in the last quarter. Capital World Investors increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.7% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 53,097,172 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,495,738,000 after buying an additional 376,640 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 5.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 37,893,606 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,208,452,000 after buying an additional 1,964,364 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.1% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 23,158,248 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,960,808,000 after buying an additional 249,455 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Cohen & Steers Inc. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 10,454.9% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 20,623,882 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,473,320,000 after buying an additional 20,428,486 shares in the last quarter. 67.27% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 84.5405 on Wednesday. Procter & Gamble Company has a 1-year low of $74.46 and a 1-year high of $90.33. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $84.10 and a 200-day moving average of $85.93. The firm has a market capitalization of $226.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.5501 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $16.49 billion. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 16.27% and a return on equity of 17.95%. The company’s revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.98 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be issued a dividend of $0.6695 per share. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.14%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 71.66%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/mutual-of-omaha-bank-wealth-management-sells-430-shares-of-procter-gamble-company-the-pg.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $95.00 to $90.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their target price for the stock from $95.00 to $85.00 in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday, October 14th. Finally, Vetr cut shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 target price for the company. in a report on Monday, October 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $89.07. In other Procter & Gamble Company (The) news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) is A.R. Schmeidler & Co. Inc.’s 3rd Largest Position Next » Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Shares Bought by Trust Co. of Vermont Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT International Trader - Europe A Rebounding Unilever Has Room to Rise With most of its sales coming from overseas, Unilever is one of the few large European companies with insulation from political shocks. By Digby Larner Biography January 14, 2017 Dow Jones Global Indexes | Global Stock Markets Anglo-Dutch consumer-goods giant Unilever’s stock has recovered lately after a stumble in the third quarter, as investors weigh its defensive qualities against businesses with greater exposure to Europe’s political uncertainties. Unilever shares (ticker: ULVR.UK) came under... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Good and Bad of the Coming Trump Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 2 Amazon is Disrupting a New Industry 3 ​Dow 20,000: Why You Shouldn't Get Excited Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Samstag, 28. Januar | 03:03 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: UNTERNEHMENSNEWS 8:20 | 18.01.2017 Business Wire News: P&G und seine Marke Always engagieren sich für eine positive Veränderung der Welt von weiblichen Flüchtlingen 18.01.2017 / 08:20 MITTEILUNG UEBERMITTELT VON BUSINESS WIRE. FUER DEN INHALT IST ALLEIN DAS BERICHTENDE UNTERNEHMEN VERANTWORTLICH. In partnerschaftlicher Zusammenarbeit mit der UNESCO und Save the Children wollen P&G und Always, die P&G-Marke für Monatshygiene, von der Syrienkrise betroffenen jungen Frauen behilflich sein, ihr Selbstvertrauen durch Ausbildung und Kompetenzentwicklung wiederzugewinnen. DAVOS, Schweiz --(BUSINESS WIRE)--18.01.2017-- Procter & Gamble und die global führende Monatshygienemarke 'Always' meldeten heute ein neues Engagement, um Mädchen und jungen Frauen behilflich zu sein, die durch die syrische Flüchtlingskrise aufgeworfenen Herausforderungen zu meistern. In partnerschaftlicher Zusammenarbeit mit der UNESCO und Save the Children wollen sie jungen Frauen in Jordanien behilflich sein, durch Ausbildung und Kompetenzentwicklung ihr Selbstvertrauen wiederzugewinnen. Mit dem heutigen Engagement fördert Always seine Markenmission, das Selbstvertrauen von Mädchen zu stärken und die geschlechtsbezogene Diskriminierung in der Welt abzubauen. Dieser Smart News Release enthält Multimedia. Vollständige Veröffentlichung hier ansehen: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170117006677/de/ L-R: Lliam Findlay - Policy and Advocacy Adviser to the CEO, Save the Children; Tanya Beckett - Pres ... L-R: Lliam Findlay - Policy and Advocacy Adviser to the CEO, Save the Children; Tanya Beckett - Presenter, BBC News; Gülsar Corat - Director of the Division for Gender Equality, UNESCO; Carolyn Tastad - Gender Equality Executive Sponsor, P&G; Maurice Levy - CEO, Publicis Groupe (Photo: Business Wire) Der Start des neuen Engagements wurde im Rahmen einer Podiumsdiskussion auf dem Weltwirtschaftsforum in Davos bekanntgegeben. Hier erörterten internationale Fachleute und Führungskräfte von P&G und Always gemeinsam Lösungen, mit denen die Zukunft von jungen Frauen durch Ausbildung und Kompetenzentwicklung im Kontext der aktuellen Flüchtlingskrise gesichert werden kann. Zu den Teilnehmern gehörten Carolyn Tastad, Gender Equality Executive Sponsor und Group President of North America bei P&G, Gülser Corat, Direktor der Abteilung für Geschlechtergleichstellung der UNESCO, Lliam Findlay, Policy and Advocacy Adviser des CEO, Save the Children, und Maurice Levy, CEO der Publicis Groupe. Eine große Zahl syrischer Flüchtlinge, insbesondere Mädchen, gehen nicht mehr zur Schule. Bei Mädchen, die in die Pubertät kommen, und im frühen Teenager-Alter ist das Risiko besonders hoch. Ihr Körper ändert sich und die bisher erhaltene familiäre Unterstützung ist womöglich nicht länger verfügbar. Dies führt zu einem geschwächten Selbstvertrauen und zum Fernbleiben von der Schule oder Bildungsstelle. Außerdem sind viele junge Frauen im Rahmen der Flüchtlingskrise nicht in der Lage, zu arbeiten und zum Einkommen ihrer Familien beizutragen, da sie keine Möglichkeit finden, in die Schule zu gehen. Auch geschlechtsbezogene Barrieren führen dazu, dass sie zuhause bleiben. P&G und Always setzen sich dafür ein, diesen Missstand zu ändern. Sie sind davon überzeugt, dass Ausbildung Mädchen und junge Frauen auf einzigartige Weise dazu befähigen kann, selbstbewusst, kompetent und stark zu sein und damit in der Lage, ihre Zukunft auch unter schwierigsten Umständen selbst in die Hand zu nehmen. Es ist eine gut dokumentierte Tatsache, dass Familien gesünder und Gemeinschaften stärker sind, wenn es den Mädchen und Frauen gut geht. Das neue Engagement in Jordanien baut auf die 30-jährige Arbeit von Always auf, mit der jedes Jahr mehr als 17 Millionen Mädchen Informationen über die Pubertät und Selbstvertrauensfragen erhalten. Es erweitert außerdem den aktiven Fokus von P&G auf die Gleichstellung der Geschlechter. Damit wird unsere bestehende Partnerschaft mit der UNESCO erweitert, die in Senegal und Nigeria dringend benötigte Unterstützung bereitstellt, damit die Mädchen dort länger zur Schule gehen können. Die neue Initiative mit der UNESCO konzentriert sich auf junge Frauen aus Syrien und Jordanien, die bei der Fortsetzung und beim Abschluss ihrer Grundschulbildung bzw. einer Berufsausbildung auf erhebliche Hindernisse stoßen. Das Programm bietet diesen gefährdeten jungen Frauen Lebenskompetenzen und Vorbereitung auf das Arbeitsleben. Gleichzeitig werden Lebenserfahrungen geteilt und ein Dialog zwischen Menschen aus Syrien und Jordanien wird in Gang gesetzt. Junge Frauen sollen damit die Chance erhalten, Geschäfts- und Berufskompetenzen zu erwerben, um ihr Potenzial entfalten zu können. Always unterstützt zudem auch ein zweites Programm mit Save the Children, das unsere Kollektivarbeit ausweitet mit Fokus auf die Unterstützung Tausender Mädchen aus dem südlichen Afrika und Nigeria, ihre Schulbildung zu verlängern. Das Programm verschafft ans Haus gebundenen Mädchen Lebenskompetenzen und erläutert ihren Eltern, wie wichtig es ist, ihre Töchter im Verlauf der Pubertät zu unterstützen. Des Weiteren umfasst das Programm auch die Unterstützung lokaler Gemeinschaften durch formelle und informelle Ausbildung und Aufklärung in lokalen Schulen oder im häuslichen Umfeld. Der Abbau sozialer und familiärer Barrieren ist wichtig, wenn Mädchen das notwendige Selbstvertrauen fürs Leben vermittelt werden soll. Darum beinhalten diese Bestrebungen auch die Ausbildung und Aufklärung von Eltern und Gemeinschaften zu Themen wie das Recht von Mädchen auf Bildung, die Rolle von Frauen in der Gesellschaft und die Bedeutung der Gleichstellung der Geschlechter. Mit diesen Programmen sollen rund 1.000 Mädchen und junge Frauen erreicht werden. Carolyn Tastad, Gender Equality Executive Sponsor und Group President of North America, P&G, fügte hinzu: 'Bei P&G sind wir der Auffassung, dass Frauen und Mädchen eine Kraft darstellen, die die Welt zum Besseren wandeln kann. Je mehr sie wissen und können, desto mehr steigt ihr Selbstvertrauen, mit dem sie ihr volles Potenzial entfalten können. Mit unserem heute angekündigten Engagement als P&G und über unsere Marke 'Always' wollen wir dazu beitragen, eine bessere Welt für uns alle zu schaffen - eine Welt, in der keine geschlechtsbezogenen Benachteiligungen bestehen.' Wenn Sie dieses Programm unterstützen möchten, dann können Sie einen Spendenbeitrag zur UNESCO und Save the Children leisten, damit diese Organisationen noch mehr Mädchen und Frauen mit lebensverändernder Unterstützung erreichen können. Beteiligen Sie sich an dieser positiven Kraft zur Veränderung und unterstützenden Aktivitäten durch Spenden an die jeweiligen Fonds unter: http://www.unesco.org/donate/syria2014.html www.savethechildren.org/girls - ENDE - Über Procter & Gamble P&G bietet Verbrauchern auf der ganzen Welt eines der stärksten Portfolios mit bewährten, qualitativ hochwertigen und führenden Marken wie Always(R), Ambi Pur(R), Ariel(R), Bounty(R), Charmin(R), Crest(R), Dawn(R), Downy(R), Fairy(R), Febreze(R), Gain(R), Gillette(R), Head & Shoulders(R), Lenor(R), Olay(R), Oral-B(R), Pampers(R), Pantene(R), SK-II(R), Tide(R), WICK(R) und Whisper(R). P&G ist weltweit in rund 70 Ländern tätig. Die neuesten Nachrichten und Informationen über P&G und seine Marken finden Sie unter http://www.pg.com. Über Always Always(R), der weltweit führende Anbieter von Monatshygieneprodukten, bietet ein breites Sortiment an Monatsbinden, Feuchttüchern und Slipeinlagen für verschiedene Körperformen, Menstruationsstärken und Präferenzen. Die Always-Produktline für Hygienebedarf umfasst Always Infinity(TM), Always Ultra Thins, Always Maxis, Always Pantiliners und Always Feminine Wipes. Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie unter www.always.com. Über die UNESCO Die Organisation der Vereinten Nationen für Bildung, Wissenschaft und Kultur (UNESCO) wurde 1945 ins Leben gerufen, um Solidarität und Dialog unter den Staaten in den Bereichen Bildung, Naturwissenschaften, Kultur und Kommunikation unter Beachtung gemeinsamer Wertvorstellungen zu fördern. Diesbezüglicher Austausch und die Zusammenarbeit unter den 195 Mitgliedstaaten der Organisation sollen dem Frieden dienen und zur nachhaltigen Entwicklung beitragen. Über Save the Children Save the Children ist der Auffassung, dass alle Kinder eine Zukunft verdient haben. In den USA und in der ganzen Welt verschaffen wir Kindern einen gesunden Start ins Leben, die Möglichkeit, zu lernen, und Schutz vor Gefahren. Wir tun, was auch immer nötig ist - jeden Tag und insbesondere in Krisenfällen -, um das Leben von Kindern und ihre und unsere gemeinsame Zukunft zum Positiven zu wenden. Die Ausgangssprache, in der der Originaltext veröffentlicht wird, ist die offizielle und autorisierte Version. Übersetzungen werden zur besseren Verständigung mitgeliefert. Nur die Sprachversion, die im Original veröffentlicht wurde, ist rechtsgültig. Gleichen Sie deshalb Übersetzungen mit der originalen Sprachversion der Veröffentlichung ab. [CT] Originalversion auf businesswire.com ansehen: http://www.businesswire.com/news/ home/20170117006677/de/ Kontakt: Für Procter & Gamble Daria Chernyshenko daria.chernyshenko@mslgroup.com 020 3219 8779 oder Michelle Johal michelle.johal@mslgroup.com 0203 219 8841 Ende der Pressemitteilung Emittent/Herausgeber: Business Wire Pressemitteilung via mecom Mediensatellit Schlagwort(e): Sonderthemen 18.01.2017 Veröffentlichung einer Pressemitteilung, übermittelt durch DGAP - ein Service der EQS Group AG. Für den Inhalt der Mitteilung ist der Emittent / Herausgeber verantwortlich. Die DGAP Distributionsservices umfassen gesetzliche Meldepflichten, Corporate News/Finanznachrichten und Pressemitteilungen. Medienarchiv unter http://www.dgap.de 537289  18.01.2017  Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 22:50 Uhr | 27.01.2017 WDH/RATING: Fitch stuft Türkei ... 22:46 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Fitch stuft Türkei auf ... 22:31 Uhr | 27.01.2017 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Alphabet nach ... 22:30 Uhr | 27.01.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:19 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Moors & Cabot Inc. Buys 27 Shares of Target Corporation (TGT) Westover Capital Advisors LLC Has $386,000 Position in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Capital International Investors Has $109,820,000 Stake in Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Shares Bought by Capital Research Global Investors Capital Research Global Investors Has $339,384,000 Stake in Kite Pharma, Inc. (KITE) Capital World Investors Maintains Stake in PACCAR Inc. (PCAR) Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Lowered by Bangor Savings Bank Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Bangor Savings Bank lowered its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 2.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 7,845 shares of the company’s stock after selling 233 shares during the period. Bangor Savings Bank’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $704,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. American National Bank raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares during the last quarter. Americafirst Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter valued at $112,000. Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter valued at $122,000. Global X Management Co. LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 259.5% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,517 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 1,095 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rothschild Capital Partners LLC bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter valued at $201,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 67.27% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded up 1.43% on Tuesday, reaching $85.21. 13,145,073 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12 month low of $74.46 and a 12 month high of $90.33. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $84.10 and a 200 day moving average of $85.93. The stock has a market capitalization of $228.02 billion, a PE ratio of 22.73 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. The business earned $16.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.49 billion. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 16.27% and a return on equity of 17.95%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.98 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th will be issued a dividend of $0.6695 per share. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.14%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is currently 71.66%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-stake-lowered-by-bangor-savings-bank.html. Several analysts have issued reports on the stock. Vetr downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, October 10th. Argus raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 price target on the stock in a report on Friday, October 14th. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $98.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $92.00 price target (up previously from $90.00) on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $89.07. In other Procter & Gamble Company (The) news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous BRC Investment Management LLC Takes Position in CoreLogic, Inc. (CLGX) Next » Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for G-III Apparel Group, LTD. (GIII) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments N.J. company helps produce 1st shampoo bottle using beach plastics beach-plastics Plastics and other marine debris litter a beach (Courtesy of TerraCycle) Print Email Cristina Rojas | For NJ.com By Cristina Rojas | For NJ.com The Times, Trenton Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 19, 2017 at 4:41 PM, updated January 19, 2017 at 4:55 PM comments TRENTON -- Consumer-goods giant Procter & Gamble has enlisted the help of a Trenton company to produce the world's first recyclable shampoo bottle made from the plastics left behind by beachgoers or washed ashore. Procter & Gamble will begin selling its "beach plastics" bottles in France this summerCourtesy of TerraCycle  Terracycle, which collects hard-to-recycle items like cigarette butts and snack wrappers and upcycles them into more useful products, is working with hundreds of NGOs and cleanup organizations to collect plastics from beaches, harbors and other waterways. The French company Suez then processes them so they can be used as recycled raw material. "We are proud to be working with one of the world's largest brands to create a breakthrough product," TerraCycle CEO Tom Szaky said. "With the circular economy gaining more traction, we hope that other global brands will work with green suppliers and use their influence to drive change for the benefit of the environment." The Head & Shoulder shampoo bottles -- made with up to 25 percent beach plastic -- will first be sold as a limited edition in France this summer, with plans to expand in the future. P&G officials say it will be the world's largest production run of recyclable bottles made with post-consumer recycled beach plastic. A TerraCycle spokeswoman says the company has operations in 21 countries and its European offices are the ones involved in the project. Thursday's announcement was made at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Cristina Rojas may be reached at crojas@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @CristinaRojasTT. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Is bad news ahead after P&G changes earnings release date? Procter & Gamble moved its release of its second-quarter results to Inauguration Day. Post to Facebook Is bad news ahead after P&G changes earnings release date? Procter & Gamble moved its release of its second-quarter results to Inauguration Day.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jE8tdB {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Is bad news ahead after P&G changes earnings release date? USA Today Network Alexander Coolidge, The Cincinnati Enquirer 2:47 p.m. ET Jan. 19, 2017 Procter & Gamble will release its second-quarter earnings Friday, Jan. 20, 2017. (Photo: The Cincinnati Enquirer) CINCINNATI — Procter & Gamble announced this week it will report its second-quarter results Friday. That's the same day President-elect Trump is inaugurated, which is guaranteed to generate an avalanche of news coverage. At least one Wall Street analyst wondered out loud in a report to investors whether the timing of the coming second-quarter results might hint of looming disappointing financials. The analyst noted some companies will time bad news on a Friday "to minimize investor engagement and negative trading." Bernstein analyst Ali Dibadj said that in the last few years, P&G (PG) has reported its second-quarter results during the last few days of January. Dibadj wrote in a Wednesday note that several investors had asked his firm about the potential implications of the timing, which were finalized Tuesday. "We largely believe there is no fundamental reason beyond the date best suiting scheduling," Dibadj wrote, but conceded a less-favorable possibility: "P&G wants to get bad results out of the way (which may be the case given the cautious language used at its investor day)." USA TODAY Four reasons why P&G doesn't have analysts in a lather Dibadj added P&G might be reporting earlier than normal as a display of efficiency, but he said that was doubtful given the report date was announced with only three days notice. Least likely, Dibadj wrote was there might be a major announcement "like a breakup." P&G executives said the report date was "adjusted to fix a management scheduling issue" but declined to comment further. Wall Street analysts expect P&G to report a $3 billion profit excluding one-time items on sales of $16.8 billion. Last year, the company reported a  $3.2 billion profit on sales of $16.9 billion for the second quarter. P&G beat expectations during the first quarter reported in October but is expected to have a harder time beating year-earlier second-quarter results that were more robust. For more than two years, executives at the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers have transformed the company into a simpler and hopefully easier-to-grow maker of consumer staples. P&G was down 0.62%, or 53 cents, to $84.40 in afternoon trading Thursday. Follow Alexander Coolidge on Twitter: @alexcoolidge USA TODAY P&G revenue, profit steady as health sales rise CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jE8tdB NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Just In 6mins Desilt Vaigai dam, waterbodies: Farmers 49mins A look at Trump’s executive order on refugees, immigration 6hrs Bolivia: 19 miners taken hostage by rival group inside mine Trump pledges ‘lasting support’ to US relations with Britain Padmavati shooting stalled Sasikala holds meet of AIADMK MPs, MLAs Bengaluru woman braves Russia’s ‘highway of bones’ Trade war looms as Trump mulls tariffs to fund wall Centre says GAAR effective April 1, industry demurs National level swimmer hangs herself It's Federer vs Nadal in Australian Open finals Rupee rises for 3rd session, up 4 paise at 68.03 U.S. thought India will capture PoK after Bangladesh war: CIA Three cops get life term for custodial death Supreme Court refuses to hear petition seeking total ban on cattle slaughter CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Budget Spy lock for software Share On JUST IN 6mins Desilt Vaigai dam, waterbodies: Farmers 49mins A look at Trump’s executive order on refugees, immigration 6hrs Bolivia: 19 miners taken hostage by rival group inside mine Trump pledges ‘lasting support’ to US relations with Britain Padmavati shooting stalled Sasikala holds meet of AIADMK MPs, MLAs Bengaluru woman braves Russia’s ‘highway of bones’ Trade war looms as Trump mulls tariffs to fund wall Centre says GAAR effective April 1, industry demurs National level swimmer hangs herself It's Federer vs Nadal in Australian Open finals Rupee rises for 3rd session, up 4 paise at 68.03 U.S. thought India will capture PoK after Bangladesh war: CIA Three cops get life term for custodial death Supreme Court refuses to hear petition seeking total ban on cattle slaughter CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam The seven days of jallikattu protests News Cities Mumbai Mumbai Spy lock for software Rishiraj Bhagawati Mumbai: January 20, 2017 00:25 IST Updated: January 20, 2017 00:25 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Rishiraj Bhagawati Mumbai: January 20, 2017 00:25 IST Updated: January 20, 2017 00:25 IST more-in Seclore makes company information leak-proof. Although pioneers in the field, they now differentiate themselves from competitors using artificial intelligence and building a customer connect Corporate espionage has been around for the longest time. At the beginning of the millennium, Procter & Gamble admitted to a spying operation on its competitor Unilever. In January 2010, Google said it had detected a sophisticated cyber attack that resulted in theft of its intellectual property. Closer home, the Delhi Police last year arrested Oil Ministry officials, corporate executives and even a journalist for allegedly leaking classified government documents to energy companies for money. The threat is real, and the stalkers could be competitors and even employees. In such a scenario, can companies keep their strategies and innovations secret? Vishal Gupta and Abhijit Tannu have made it their business to ensure they do. In 2009, the two started Seclore, a security software company which builds products to secure companies’ internal data from being compromised. It provides security solutions in areas of information usage control, digital rights management and data outsourcing. Over the years, the company has travelled a good distance. What began as a project in IIT Bombay in 2008 is now spread across 30 countries. “When we started, nobody was talking about the issues in cyber and digital security that we wanted to address. The challenge then was to convince people that what we were talking about was important. Almost nine years later, everyone is talking about it,” says Mr. Gupta. The idea saw the light of day after the Society for Innovation and Entrepreneurship, an information technology business incubator at IIT Bombay, adopted the project and helped make it a company. “Our challenge now is to differentiate ourselves from the rest,” says Mr. Gupta. For the first few years, the Seclore office was inside the IIT campus. Seclore was a two-member team and the focus was entirely on Indian companies. Today, the company has offices in Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru, Singapore, Dubai, Riyadh, Amsterdam, New York and San Francisco, and employs about 230 people around the world. When the company started its operations in 2009, they were the only ones interested in digital security, and in that sense, Seclore was the pioneer its field in India. And now, Mr. Gupta adds, they differentiate themselves from their competitors by making the most automated security products using artificial intelligence and analytics. “We are also the only company in the field which touches the end users,” says Mr. Tannu. While explaining their product to an audience in May last year, Mr. Gupta had said, “What is happening to information that needs to go outside of an enterprise, like contracts to lawyers, term sheets to potential investors, customer data to service providers and financial statements to auditors?” This kind of data, he added, “is only covered by non-disclosure agreements and faith in God.” So what Seclore does is protect the information going out of the enterprise. The way itdoes it is by making the information aware of who is supposed to access it, what are each of these people supposed to do, when and from where. “Now because the information itself is aware of its own security, the security of the information becomes independent of the securities of networks, devices, applications and so on,” says Mr. Gupta. New clients The journey, he says, has been “difficult but steady.” “We have had to consistently innovate both in terms of technology and product placement. One thing that has helped us massively is that we have always worked very closely with our customers.” Unlike most other companies, their customers already know what Seclore’s next product will be like, as the products are designed using inputs from customers, says Mr. Gupta. While their client profile — companies in insurance, financial services, legal, telecom and manufacturing — has stayed the same over the years, government enterprises have now shown interest and invested in their products. Seclore received an investment of $13 million in March this year. Only last week, Indian business group TechnoBind announced a tie-up with Seclore, and said it will offer support to its strategic and business expansion plans in India. Starting out and evolving in Mumbai has given them unique circumstances to grow in, while throwing multiple challenges at them. “Well, Mumbai isn’t the hub for tech talent in the country. It wasn’t much of a problem when we started out, but as we expand and start recruiting in bigger numbers, we realise Mumbai isn’t the ideal place,” says Mr. Tannu. The high cost of living in the city has increased the cost of employing a person for the company, adding to their worries. But being in Mumbai has also allowed them to grow in a certain trajectory and speed. “Mumbai offers a very unique package for a company like ours, and I don’t think any other Indian city offers that. The city has the research institute where our project incubated, it has the financial companies which have been our customers, and also has the sources of investment for our company — you cannot ask for more,” says Mr. Gupta. More challenges When the company went global, it had to make the product quality suitable for demanding international markets. “Maintaining a global presence for a relatively small company which is still in its adolescence is never easy; usually a 230-people-strong company hardly even moves out of one office,” says Mr. Tannu. “But the ultimate vision for the company is to take it from a stage where it was a college project, and make it a market leader in the information and market security space.” With a little under 500 direct customers and over four million direct users of their technology, they say there is enough to keep them going to achieve their target before too long. “Fights over security are more than a thousand years old. It’s just that the weapons have changed, from bows and arrows then to information now.” What keeps them going, he says, is the belief that they are helping the right side. “That is what has made us get up at 4 in the morning, catch a flight to our customers at 5 and work through the day, year after year,” says Mr. Gupta. Future plans Seclore recorded a 83 per cent year-on-year growth in the last financial year but Mr. Gupta says they still have a long way to go. “For now, we want to expand both in terms of employee strength and revenue. By the end of 2017, we plan to have about 350 people in the group, and as always, aim for a 100 per cent year-over-year growth ever year.” To budding entrepreneurs, Mr. Tannu has a word of advice: Have a clear focus on customers and revenue. “Your technology will only be successful if you have paying customers.” More In Technology Mumbai espionage and intelligence Mumbai Related Articles << Previous Story Rati Agnihotri, husband booked for electricity theft Next Story >> Captured forever through a lens Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jan 28, 2017 8:35:50 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/mumbai/Spy-lock-for-software/article17063166.ece © The Hindu Mumbai Marathon The Series Mumbai Marathon It’s the people of Mumbai who make this marathon different Where everyone wins Accept us the way we are Health-related causes top Dream Run In 13 Articles Top Picks in The Hindu today Row over BJP move to honour J&K’s last king Entries invited for ACJ awards for investigative journalism Soldiers can now WhatsApp Army Chief Padmavati shooting stalled ‘I would like to play across all formats’ Bengaluru woman braves Russia’s ‘highway of bones’ U.S. thought India will capture PoK after Bangladesh war: CIA Here comes the groom The changing face of the celebrity Survivors visit Auschwitz, 72 years after liberation Close X Next Story >> Captured forever through a lens Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech Budget THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
null
Can't get enough TreeHugger? Sign up now and have it sent straight to your inbox. Daily and Weekly newsletters available. Email Address* Sign Up X Decadence through simplicity Design Living Science Technology Transportation Business Energy Slideshows Creating a market for recycled materials in the new plastics economy Tom Szaky, Guest Writer (@TerraCycle) Business / Corporate Responsibility January 19, 2017 Share on Facebook CC BY-NC-ND 2.0 Bo Eide A year ago at the World Economic Forum in Davos, a report from the Ellen MacArthur Foundation found that most plastic packaging is used only once; 95% of the value of plastic packaging material, worth $80 billion-$120 billion annually, is lost to the economy after a short first use. In the design of a “New Plastics Economy,” which challenges institutions to move away from the existing linear, take-make-dispose economy, theoretically, these captured plastics can instead be recycled to be used over and over. Linear solutions for plastic waste miss out on opportunities to capture and use these resources. As it stands from an economic standpoint, the value of capturing plastics for processing is only as high as the profitability of these materials after collection and logistics. Most waste outputs fall outside the scope of recyclability by this rule, and producing new, virgin plastic is currently less costly than purchasing recycled materials on back-end channels. Thus, it is up to manufacturers and brands to create and expand the market for recycled plastics by purchasing recycled materials to make their products, selling them to consumers and then making the product easily recyclable. Procter & Gamble announced that it has teamed up with us at TerraCycle and SUEZ, the largest waste management company in Europe, to source, develop and put out the first fully recyclable shampoo bottle made from up to 25% recycled beach plastic for the world’s #1 shampoo brand, Head & Shoulders. The first 150,000 bottles will be available in France this summer, making it the world’s largest production run of recyclable shampoo bottles made with beach plastic, and a major step in establishing a unique supply chain that supports a new plastics economy. Working directly with NGOs and other beach cleanup organizations, TerraCycle sources the shipments of rigid plastics collected through beach cleanup efforts, capturing these materials for recycling for the first time, at no cost to participants. TerraCycle’s partnership with SUEZ tackles logistics (collection and shipment) and processing (separation and material pelletization) of these mixed plastics so they can be used as recycled raw material. The scale of the beach plastics project focuses on the goal of incorporating more post-consumer recycled content (PCR) across other P&G brands and globally, inspiring other world entities to do the same. P&G has been using PCR plastic in packaging for over 25 years, last year using over 34,000 metric tons, and its Hair Care division is projected to see half a billion bottles per year include 25% post-consumer recycled content (PCR) by the end of 2018. Of the more than 300 million tons of new, virgin plastic produced globally per year, it is estimated that up to 129 million tons (43 percent) of the plastic used is disposed of in landfills; in the United States, the EPA’s most recent report places the plastics recovery rate for recycling at 9 percent. But the benefit of putting forth the resources to divert plastics from landfills and create a market for them in the value system is many-fold. Approximately 10–20 million tons of plastic end up in the oceans each year. These include microplastics, which result in an estimated $13 billion a year in losses from damage to marine ecosystems (not to mention the severe degradation to natural capital suffered by animals and their habitats) and financial losses to fisheries and tourism. If things don’t change, we are projected to see more plastics than fish in the ocean by 2050. Consumer product companies that make the commitment to put out products made from non-virgin raw material create circular systems that can be nurtured for sustainable growth. By rolling out their own sustainability efforts and taking the initiative to foster new infrastructures, manufacturers and brands connect with consumers and drive the shift towards a new plastics economy. Related on TreeHugger.com: Half of plastic bottles used in Britain are never recycled Why the 'Break Free From Plastic' movement is a really big deal Committing to recycling the “non-recyclable” Tags: Beaches | Oceans | Plastics | Recycling | resilience facebook twitter google+ pinterest Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. MOST POPULAR RIGHT NOW 1 Bulk Barn has embraced the Zero Waste movement 2 Bed automatically retracts up high in this contemporary tiny house (Video) 3 Bring on the e-bikes and get more people out of cars 4 Live in a tiny house? Build a DIY built-in roll-out bed 5 Why the bathrooms of the future shouldn't look like the bathrooms of the past WHAT'S HOT ON FACEBOOK Let sleeping babies lie: Chilly temps build tough Nordic tots Cold weather won't stop Scandinavian moms from their age-old practice of parking baby ... by A.K. Streeter in Culture The indescribable beauty of monarch butterflies filling the sky (video) This stunning short film takes us to Mexico during monarch migration where millions ... by Melissa Breyer in Animals Prehistoric shrimp emerge from Australian desert after heavy rain Imagine millions of these slithering out from the mud? The eggs of this ... by Melissa Breyer in Animals Adidas' new shoes will dissolve in your sink In an attempt to close the loop on production, Adidas has invented a ... by Katherine Martinko in Sustainable Fashion About Us Contact Us Newsletters RSS Privacy Policy COPYRIGHT © 2017 NARRATIVE CONTENT GROUP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
KTN News KTN Home Radio Maisha SDE Evewoman The Nairobian uReport EPaper Corporate HOME KENYA WORLD BUSINESS OPINION SCI & TECH HEALTH Education SPORTS MAGAZINE ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyle Home Kenya Politics Central Coast Eastern Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western World Africa Asia America Europe Business Business News Business Beat Stocks Money & Careers Smart Harvest Sci & Tech Opinion Editorial Column Letters Commentary Madd Madd World Health Sports Entertainment Branding Voice Lifestyle Crazy World Wednesday Life Home & Away Smart Harvest Sunday Magazine Environment Generation Next Environment GE Reports Your are here  » Home   » Business News P&G splashes Sh50 million on clean drinking water for 12 counties By Maina Mwangi | Updated Thu, January 19th 2017 at 00:00 GMT +3 SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Water drips from a tap { Photo Courtesy: Reuters} Wellness products firm Procter and Gamble (P&G) in partnership with World Vision has committed to provide clean drinking water to 12 counties across Kenya. The initiative will see P&G invest Sh50 million, with World Vision as the implementation partner. It is part of P&G’s Children’s Safe Drinking Water (CSDW) programme that has been running in Kenya for over 10 years. The programme utilises P&G Purifier of Water sachets, which use low-cost powdered technology, designed to purify even heavily contaminated drinking water to meet World Health Organisation standards for safe drinking water. The P&G Purifier of Water was invented by the firm’s scientists in collaboration with the US Centre for Disease Control and Prevention, with each four-gramme packet of P&G water purifier turning 10 litres of dirty, potentially deadly water into clean and drinkable water in minutes. “If everyone everywhere had clean water, the number of diarrheal deaths would be cut by 34 per cent,” said P&G Kenya Managing Director Vivek Sunder in a statement. WATCH THIS KTN Prime Full Bulletin with Ben Kitili 26th January,2017 KTN Prime Full Bulletin with Ben Kitili 26th January,2017 World customs day's agenda is to sesitize people on tax SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Do you have something to add to this story? Comment here. Branding Voice Kenya's economy to grow at a slower pace this year: IMF Rep Economy, global brands to drive real estate in 2017 Conference tourism registers another good year ADVERTISEMENT latest News Five-star Barca stroll back into semis LIONS SHOWDOWN: Senegal tackle Cameroon in Nations Cup quarters Footballers' crazy hairstyles set Afcon on fire TRICKY DUEL: Rattled Real Madrid aim to halt sudden slump THE GREAT SISTERS: Venus stands between Serena and history CRICKET: Wade replaces injured Smith Klopp hopes FA Cup revives misfiring Reds SARCASTIC MOURINHO: United manager mocks rivals as his team squeeze through to final Drought victims to get food and more livestock, DP Ruto pledges Series leader Equity on the verge of making history VIEW ALL ADVERTISEMENT Trending Now Uhuru warns Opposition against threats of election violence Leaders in wild jungle dance for voters as Kenyans suffer Don't join politics now, President Uhuru asks three Cabinet Secretaries River water rationing in Embu sparks protests as drought bites hard Why Kenya must create a million new jobs annually Florence Pakata: I did not let deafness halt my dreams Advice to clueless Kenyan men: Five ways to pick a woman in a bar KTN News Live Stream Entertainment News I do not like the way William Ruto controls my son- Secrets of the Moi-Mama Ngina meeting revealed Rachel Shebesh almost broke my marriage- Mike Sonko Helicopter anyone? Meet the man selling Sh96 million chopper on OLX Kibaki’s grandson caught in 'love triangle'? Don Kipkorir engaged: Meet the Nyeri beauty who kicked the flamboyant lawyer out of bachelors' club VIEW ALL Business News Construction agency in new push to have developers go green Kenya Revenue Authority now mulls regional customs system   By Dominic Omondi   |   1 day ago IMF now kicks up storm with calls for scrapping of rate-capping law Rise in loan defaulters forces banks to adopt cautious lending policy Fuel crisis persists even as truckers resume work Fuel crisis looms in Kenya as truck drivers go on strike over night travel ban Skyrocketing land prices to hinder mortgage uptake even after KRA doubled tax relief VIEW ALL Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ADVERTISEMENT latest Jobs Consultancy - Build Africa Kenya Security Officer - Kitale Golf Club Senior Sales Manager - Oracle Kenya Business Development Manager needed Member Services Officer - Retail Trade Association of Kenya (RETRAK) VIEW ALL Latest videos KTN NEWS / 6 hours ago EABL to facilitate the renovations of Ndakaini Stadium in Murang'a County KTN NEWS / 6 hours ago RUGBY: Kenya Cup action to take center stage KTN NEWS / 7 hours ago AFC Leopards to play friendly match on Saturday KTN NEWS / 7 hours ago Mind your Language: Mastering the art of spoken word Willice Ochieng' News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Lifestyle Special Reports The Nairobian Entertainment Gossip Pulse The Nairobian Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery Crazy Monday More Sites Mobile Standard Digital Music Cars PDS Classifieds Buy Rent Kenya RSS Standard e-paper Jobs Games Corporate Other Links Tenders at Standard Group Contact Us Rate Card Vacancies at Standard Group Terms of Service Campus Vibe uReport DCX O.M. Portal RMS Corporate Email © Copyright 2017 - Standard Group Limited
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Four reasons why P&G doesn't have analysts in a lather Analysts are starting to turn against Procter & Gamble, the maker of Tide, other products Post to Facebook Four reasons why P&G doesn't have analysts in a lather Analysts are starting to turn against Procter & Gamble, the maker of Tide, other products  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jzOP2E {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Four reasons why P&G doesn't have analysts in a lather Alexander Coolidge, Cincinnati Enquirer Published 2:14 p.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 | Updated 4:51 p.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 Procter & Gamble's headquarters building in Cincinnati (Photo: Al Behrman, AP) CINCINNATI -- Wall Street analysts are starting to turn against Procter & Gamble, just as the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers is set to show off its leaner self. For more than two years, P&G executives have transformed the company into a simpler and hopefully easier-to-grow maker of consumer staples. But before P&G gives investors a look at a company with 100 fewer brands, several investing pros caution it will still struggle with old – and some new – problems. Since December, half a dozen analysts have either cut their target price, downgraded the stock or both. "Cosmetics, household and personal care stocks are no longer en vogue," wrote Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman in a report published Monday, who cut her target price for P&G shares to $77 from $86. P&G shares closed Wednesday at $84.93, up 39 cents or 0.46%. Here's why some analysts aren't big P&G boosters: •Flatlining sales. P&G has sold Wall Street on the theory that a smaller company is a better one. In August 2014, executives said P&G would sell off dozens of small brands and focus on growing its 65 largest ones. But after two years of deal-making, the company has outlined modest growth for the current fiscal year, ending June 30. P&G expects "organic sales" –  those that exclude the impact of foreign exchange, mergers or acquisitions – to increase a modest 2% this fiscal year. Results for this closely-watched metric got off to a strong start by climbing 3% during the July-to-September quarter. Organic sales rose an anemic 1% in the last two fiscal years. And despite the strength of the U.S. economy in the last few years, nearly two-thirds of P&G sales come from overseas where economic growth is sluggish. Analysts say for P&G's stock to continue to move up, the company needs to post steady sales and profit growth. Goldman Sachs analyst Jason English is not expecting P&G to match its first quarter sales gains in the second quarter. In a report published earlier this month, English downgraded P&G to a "sell" rating from a "hold" and cut his target price to $77 from $86. •Move to riskier stocks. U.S. stocks have rallied 7% since Donald Trump was elected president with investors betting a Republican-led administration will cut regulations and taxes and boost defense and infrastructure spending. P&G's shares have slumped in the same time period by nearly 4%. Why? Billions of dollars are shifting into riskier cyclical industries. P&G is a “safety stock,” a place where investors park their money in uncertain times. P&G was an especially attractive stock because of its 3% dividend yield. But when the investing climate improves, investors often shift their money into faster-growing companies, which creates tremendous downward pressure on stocks like P&G. Consumer staple stocks, which includes P&G, have declined nearly 2%. Meanwhile, financial and telecomm stocks have jumped by double digits since the election. If P&G's earnings remained flat and its stock suddenly reverted to its average valuation over the last decade, it would shave $12 off the stock price. Analysts say there's little room for P&G's stock to move up until sales and profits climb, providing more fuel for the share price. "In a still relatively rich sector, P&G stands out with its absolute P/E (price-to-earnings) still near a decade high," English said. Rising interest rates, furthermore, encourage another class of investor to pull money out of P&G. Nearly zero-percent yields on treasuries and low rates on bonds for more than half a decade have encouraged many investors to put money into stable stocks with solid dividend yields. That maneuver is starting to reverse as rates climb. •Trade tensions snarling overseas business. President-elect Trump won the election, in part, on promises that included getting tougher on foreign countries like China and Mexico. Multinational corporations such as P&G have seen their stocks shaken since the election over a potential trade war erupting. In the past month, Trump has prompted some American manufacturers to pare back plans to move factories to Mexico using threats of heavy tariffs on foreign-produced goods. Analysts and investors are nervous that future disputes or negotiations could lead to foreign governments retaliating with their own tariffs or other harassment of American businesses. P&G gets 59% of its business outside the United States. About 8% of its business, or $5.2 billion in sales, comes from China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau. Eight percent of P&G's sales occur in Latin America. "Continued heightened geopolitical uncertainty limit upside and are likely to result in P&G shares remaining rangebound for the next 6-12 months," wrote Stifel analyst Mark Astrachan in December. Astrachan downgraded P&G from a "buy" to a "hold" rating and cut the target share price from $88 to $86. •Strong dollar strangling results. Even without trade disruptions, there's another potential drag on P&G from its exposure to international markets: currency headwinds. The U.S. dollar continues to strengthen against many foreign currencies. A strong dollar devalues P&G's foreign sales when they are converted back into U.S. currency and that can make the company's products more expensive to overseas consumers. P&G has blamed currency woes with wiping out more $9 billion in sales over the past two years. Pressure from foreign exchange had been lifting this fiscal year. But since the U.S. election, the Mexican peso has dropped 13 percent, the Japanese yen has slipped 10 percent, the euro has slid 4 percent and the British pound has declined 2 percent. SunTrust analyst William Chappell wrote in late December that much of P&G's turnaround efforts – savings from the brand divestitures and job cuts – have been marred by the company's stubborn currency problems. "We believe P&G has received little credit for its $10 billion in cost savings program over the past three years because most of the benefits have been masked by adverse FX (foreign exchange)," Chappell wrote. "Near term strengthening of the dollar would impair fiscal year 2017 results." Chappell lowered his rating on P&G from "buy" to "hold" and cut his price target for the stock to $85 from $95. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jzOP2E NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 27 minutes ago Array 0 Setting Aside Rivalry, Twitter Signs Up For Instagram By Garett Sloane - 34 minutes ago Array 0 Turning Billboards Into Beer Coolers: Behind Coors Light's New Environmental Push By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 New FTC Chair Has Warned Against Stricter Privacy Rules By Kate Kaye - 2 hours ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago 0 Walmart Goes Hollywood, Tapping Star Directors for Oscars Campaign By Jack Neff - 4 hours ago 0 Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 27 minutes ago 0 Taco Bell Trolls Itself in Naked Chicken Chalupa Advertising By Jessica Wohl - 16 hours ago 0 BET Hires IPG Media Team Amid Major Original Content Push By Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago 0 Problem Solving: How M&Ms Took a Small Insight and Turned It Into a Big Idea By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Snickers Plans a Live Commercial During Super Bowl LI By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Skittles Releases Its Super Bowl Spot By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 The Demise of the Department Store Experience By Rance Crain - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat Offers to Bill Brands for Ads Based on TV-Style Ratings From Nielsen By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Doner Promotes Gaboriau as Strasberg Exits for Nonprofit By Rebecca Hia. Published on January 17, 2017. Jason Gaboriau Credit: Doner Most Popular Doner has promoted Jason Gaboriau to chief creative officer, the Los Angeles office's first creative to hold that title. Gaboriau joined Doner LA in 2015 as EVP, executive creative director. Working with EVP, Managing Director Zihla Salinas, the duo has won new business including digital AOR for Nestle brands Nescafé's Clásico, Taster's Choice, DiGiorno and California Pizza Kitchen at Home, and the LA office has doubled in size. Prior to joining Doner LA, Gaboriau was VP, executive creative director at CP&B in Los Angeles, where he grew the agency from a small production outpost with one client to a fully integrated agency with over 100 employees and clients such as Paddy Power, Turkish Airlines and NBA 2K. Previously, he was founding partner and executive creative director at Amalgamated, an agency he helped to start, grow and run for 10 years. Danielle Pak Credit: Zambezi Independent creative agency Zambezi has named Danielle Pak as its first director of communications planning, from Wieden & Kennedy Portland, where she was a media and communications strategist. At Zambezi she will launch a communications planning offering within the agency's strategy department. At Wieden, Pak worked with clients including Procter & Gamble's Old Spice and Herbal Essences, Electronic Arts and CareerBuilder.com. New FCB West Hires Credit: FCB West FCB West has made three senior creative and account management hires. Mike Long joins the agency from Goodby, Silverstein & Partners and was previously a group creative director at Droga5. At Goodby, he led the Comcast/XFINITY account as creative director. Prior to his role at Goodby, Long developed and directed award-winning digital content for Airwick, Motorola, Quilted Northern, Diet Coke, Johnsonville and JC Penney's He also held positions at Saatchi & Saatchi both in London and New York, Publicis and Epoch Films. Arlene Bae will be SVP, group management director, and lead the Levi's and Ghirardelli accounts. She has worked at R/GA, Blast Radius, Carat, Euro RSCG and Leo Burnett. Sara Wallace joins as VP, account director, from Leo Burnett in London to work on FCB West's Clorox brands. She was a global account director at Burnett, working on Procter & Gamble and Kellogg's brands. Rob Strasberg Credit: Doner Rob Strasberg is moving from Doner, where he was global creative chairman, to become co-CEO of nonprofit Humble Design Fueled by U-Haul. Strasberg will share Humble Design oversight with his wife, Treger, who in 2009 co-founded the Detroit-based charity that restores dignity to families and veterans emerging from homelessness. Strasberg co-owned Doner before selling the agency to MDC Partners in 2011. He was co-CEO and chief creative officer until August 2016, when he took on the global creative chairman title. Dan Treichel and Dave Canning have joined Joan Creative as co-executive creative directors from 180 Amsterdam, where they worked with clients including Asics, DHL, PlayStation, Replay Jeans and United Colors of Benetton. Prior to that, they worked together at Barton F. Graf 9000. Before that, Canning was at Wieden & Kennedy and Young & Rubicam, and Treichel at CP&B and Droga5. Kenwood Experiences, an experiential marketing agency in San Francisco, has hired Kevin Furuichi as executive producer. He started his career in broadcasting as a sports television producer and moved to interactive media, running OpenTV's digital studio team and later the PlayJam games channel. From there, Furuichi joined Sony Computer Entertainment to lead PlayStation Network's first original programming department. Chelsey Shoop also joins Kenwood, as a project manager who has worked on the client side for Delta Dental and startup Viewpoint in Portland. In this article: Agencies Creative Movers Creativity Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Opinion » Expert View Last Modified: Mon, Jan 16 2017. 01 41 AM IST BHIM: Keeping things simple Good design is born of a deep understanding of the user’s world; BHIM app scores a triumph over UPI apps launched by many banks in matters of design Subscribe to our newsletter. Shrinath V. BHIM’s screen shows icons to let users send money, receive money and scan a QR (quick response) code to pay. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint Alan George Lafley, a former chief executive officer of Procter & Gamble Co., once famously said, “Your products run for election every day and good design is critical to winning the campaign.” Good design is born of a deep understanding of the user’s world, and creating a product that helps solve a burning problem. User interface design of the best apps lets onboarding of users easily, allowing regular users to finish key activities with ease. In this context, the recently-launched BHIM (Bharat Interface for Money) app scores over the UPI (Unified Payments Interface) apps launched by various banks. The UPI platform was launched a few months ago to seamlessly transfer money between accounts at 30 leading banks in India. The National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) had designed UPI as a common backend platform, with each bank working on its own user interface. Despite the marketing push for UPI post-demonetization, the user interfaces of various apps were too complex for everyday use. These apps tried to help users who had some familiarity with mobile banking, but were difficult for new users to try out. I once helped a taxi driver install the SBI Buddy app on his phone, and realized that the interface and terminology were confusing for first-time mobile banking users. With BHIM, NPCI has designed the product with this segment in mind. The app is currently available on Android, with the iOS version in the pipeline. The interface is simple and learnable, and that is BHIM’s biggest advantage. BHIM keeps user onboarding simple. Users choose a language (currently English or Hindi, with other languages coming soon) and set a 4-digit PIN (personal identification number). The app sends an SMS for verification, and when done, displays a list of bank accounts that are supported. Users can pick an account for which they have enabled mobile banking, and BHIM automatically configures that as the account for receiving money. The system uses the mobile number as the default ID, though users can create an ID of <username>@upi if they wish to. This flow resembles the onboarding of apps like WhatsApp that they’re likely to be familiar with, meaning there’s a lesser chance of drop-offs during set-up. Good design also lets people start and finish key activities quickly. BHIM’s screen shows icons to let users send money, receive money and scan a QR (quick response) code to pay. Users can type in a mobile number and do a look-up within the app to pay someone. If the recipient also has BHIM installed, BHIM pulls up details and allows users to send money in a couple of taps. Alternatively, users can scan a QR code within the app to make payments. Interestingly, BHIM allows generation of QR codes for specific amounts within the app. These can be printed and pasted or displayed. When users scan this code, the account details and transfer amount are both pre-filled, allowing for one-tap payment. This can have interesting applications in retail stores, allowing users to self-checkout items if required. There’s much more that BHIM allows. Users can check bank account balance and see transaction history. To replace cash-on-delivery use cases, BHIM allows users to send a collect request with an expiry date—recipients can authorize payment after receiving their purchased items. Users can change the selected bank account, but this option is hidden under a menu, as the target segment is unlikely to have multiple bank accounts. BHIM does have its points of friction. Users need to enter the UPI PIN for their banking app before BHIM allows sending money from the account. This may be different from the BHIM PIN, potentially confusing users. In my usage, I found that the BHIM app occasionally hangs when starting up, and is often slow or unresponsive. It’s also strange that there is no easy ‘sign out’ option and that hitting the back button on the home screen minimizes it instead of logging the user off. This is a security concern, as most users will not realize that they are still signed in. I hope these issues are sorted out in coming versions. Given that BHIM targets first-time digital payment users, the simplicity of the design is its standout feature. It does what it aims to do, and keeps things simple. For a technology product, that’s a refreshing approach to take. Shrinath V. is a Google Developer Expert (Product Strategy) and a design thinking consultant with Auspin Ventures. Shrinath V. Topics: Bhim appBharat Interface for MoneyUnified Payments Interface UPINational Payments Corporation of Indiamobile banking More From Livemint READ MORE Reliance Group and Dassault’s joint venture gets CCI approval Mahyco Monsanto asks Delhi HC to hear case on price control of Bt cotton seeds Colgate-Palmolive Q3 net profit declines 22.58% to Rs128 crore First Published: Mon, Jan 16 2017. 12 43 AM IST Editor's Picks Why we should be wary of ‘viral’ narratives about economic policy BSE listing: Sebi sets process to address potential conflict A portrait of a soldier’s wife Latest News Reliance Group and Dassault’s joint venture gets CCI approval Mahyco Monsanto asks Delhi HC to hear case on price control of Bt cotton seeds Colgate-Palmolive Q3 net profit declines 22.58% to Rs128 crore Demonetisation in-principle was good, but didn’t work: Bimal Jalan Aditya Birla Group to invest Rs7,000 crore in Andhra Pradesh over next two years Mint On Sunday How India chased off the run-chase blues Why Kamaraj does not have to wake up early this year The humanity of intelligence Dangal: Do we celebrate a father like this? A sushi master’s five simple rules for not embarrassing yourself Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
A P&G e a sua marca Always anunciam compromisso para mudar o mundo das meninas refugiadas Em parceria com a UNESCO e a organização Save the Children, a P&G e a sua marca de produtos para cuidados femininos Always ajudam a devolver a confiança das meninas impactadas pela crise da Síria, através de educação e desenvolvimento de habilidades. L-R: Lliam Findlay – Policy and Advocacy Adviser to the CEO, Save the Children; Tanya Beckett – Presenter, BBC News; Gülsar Corat – Director of the Division for Gender Equality, UNESCO; Carolyn Tastad – Gender Equality Executive Sponsor, P&G; Maurice Levy – CEO, Publicis Groupe (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? L-R: Lliam Findlay – Policy and Advocacy Adviser to the CEO, Save the Children; Tanya Beckett – Presenter, BBC News; Gülsar Corat – Director of the Division for Gender Equality, UNESCO; Carolyn Tastad – Gender Equality Executive Sponsor, P&G; Maurice Levy – CEO, Publicis Groupe (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video January 17, 2017 08:04 PM Eastern Standard Time DAVOS, Suíça--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Hoje, a Procter & Gamble e a Always, líder mundial em produtos de cuidados femininos, anunciaram um novo compromisso para lidar com os desafios que as meninas e jovens mulheres enfrentam devido aos efeitos da crise de refugiados sírios. Em parceria com a UNESCO e a organização Save the Children, eles pretendem ajudar a devolver a confiança das meninas na Jordânia, através da educação e desenvolvimento de habilidades. O compromisso anunciado hoje reforça a missão da marca Always de lutar para restaurar a confiança das meninas e por um mundo livre de preconceito de gênero. Para marcar o lançamento de novo compromisso durante um painel do Fórum Econômico Mundial em Davos, a P&G e a Always reuniram especialistas internacionais e pessoas de liderança para discutir soluções para garantir o futuro das mulheres jovens através de educação e desenvolvimento de habilidades no contexto da crise atual de refugiados. Os participantes incluíram Carolyn Tastad, patrocinadora executiva de Igualdade dos Gêneros e presidente do grupo da América do Norte, P&G, Gülser Corat, diretor da divisão para Igualdade dos Gêneros, UNESCO, Lliam Findlay, consultora política e jurídica para a diretoria executiva, organização Save the Children, e Maurice Levy, diretor executivo, Publicis Groupe. Um grande número de refugiados sírios, especialmente as meninas, não estão mais indo à escola. As adolescentes entrando na puberdade ou passando por seus anos de adolescência estão particularmente em risco. Seus corpos estão mudando e o apoio que geralmente poderiam receber de suas famílias pode não mais existir, resultando na perda de confiança por terem ficado sem escola e educação. Além disso, muitas mulheres jovens afetadas pela crise de refugiados são incapazes de trabalhar e ajudar a sustentar as suas famílias, porque não têm acesso ao treinamento e enfrentam barreiras em relação ao gênero, o que as mantêm confinadas em casa. A P&G e a Always se uniram para interromper este processo, que tem raízes na crença de que a educação é fundamental para capacitar as meninas e mulheres jovens para que se tornem confiantes, especializadas, fortes e equipadas para assumir o seu futuro, mesmo nas condições mais desafiadoras. Este novo compromisso na Jordânia baseia-se na herança de 30 anos da Always de fornecer educação da puberdade e confiança para mais de 17 milhões de meninas no mundo inteiro a cada ano e reforça ainda mais o foco e o compromisso da P&G com a igualdade dos gêneros. Ele amplia nossa parceria existente com a UNESCO, que tem prestado um apoio muito necessário às meninas do Senegal e Nigéria para que permaneçam na escola. Esta nova iniciativa com a UNESCO se concentra em alcançar a mulheres jovens da Síria e Jordânia, que encontram desafios significativos para continuar e concluir a educação básica ou para buscar oportunidades de treinamento. O programa oferece a estas jovens mulheres em risco habilidades para a vida e treinamento de prontidão para o trabalho, enquanto encoraja experiências compartilhadas em um diálogo aberto entre jovens sírias e jordanianas. Ele foi idealizado para ajudar as mulheres jovens a desenvolver habilidades de negócios e profissionais para concretizar seu potencial. A Always também está apoiando um segundo programa com a organização Save the Children, que expande o nosso trabalho coletivo, com o foco em ajudar milhares de adolescentes sul-africanas e meninas nigerianas a permanecer na escola. Este programa oferece às meninas confinadas à casa habilidades para a vida e educa os seus pais sobre a importância de apoiar as suas filhas durante o período da puberdade. O programa também envolve o apoio das comunidades locais através de educação formal e não formal, seja em escolas locais ou em esforços de educação em casa. Eliminar as barreiras sociais e familiares é importante para garantir que as meninas tenham confiança para crescer e prosperar. É por isso que estes esforços incluem o treinamento e a educação dos pais e membros da comunidade sobre tópicos que incluem o direito à educação para as meninas, o papel da mulher na sociedade e a importância da igualdade dos gêneros. Os programas ajudam a alcançar cerca de 1.000 meninas e mulheres jovens. Carolyn Tastad, patrocinadora executiva de Igualdade dos Gêneros e presidente do grupo da América do Norte na P&G acrescentou: “Na P&G, acreditamos que as meninas e mulheres são uma força para a mudança positiva no mundo. O crescimento de seu conhecimento e habilidades desenvolve a confiança e libera seus pleno potencial e poder. Nosso compromisso hoje, como a P&G e através de nossa marca Always, contribui para a nossa aspiração de criar um mundo melhor para todos nós — um mundo livre do preconceito de gênero". Aqueles que quiserem participar deste programa, podem fazer doações para a UNESCO e organização Save the Children para ajudar a alcançar mais meninas e mulheres com um apoio que pode mudar vidas. Faça parte desta força positiva para a mudança e apoie atividades fazendo doações para os seus respectivos fundos de coleta aqui: http://www.unesco.org/donate/syria2014.html www.savethechildren.org/girls – FIM – Sobre a Procter & Gamble A P&G atende consumidores do mundo inteiro com um dos portfólios mais poderosos de marcas confiáveis, com liderança e qualidade, que incluem a Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks® e Whisper®. A P&G inclui operações em cerca de 70 países no mundo todo. Acesse http://www.pg.com para ver as últimas notícias e receber informações sobre a P&G e suas marcas. Sobre a Always Always®, líder mundial em proteção e cuidados femininos, oferece uma ampla diversidade de tipos de absorventes femininos, lenços úmidos e protetores de calcinhas desenvolvidos especialmente para atender aos diferentes tipos de corpo, fluxos e preferências. A linha de produtos femininos Always inclui as versões Always Infinity™, Always Ultrafinos, Always Maxis, Always Pantiliners e os lenços femininos Always. Acesse  www.always.com para obter mais informações. Sobre a UNESCO A Organização das Nações Unidas para a Educação, a Ciência e a Cultura (UNESCO) foi criada em 1945 para promover a solidariedade e o diálogo entre as nações nas áreas de educação, ciência, cultura e comunicação, com base no respeito por valores comuns compartilhados. A troca e a cooperação entre os 195 Estados Membros da Organização nestas áreas pretende promover a paz e contribuir para o desenvolvimento sustentável. Sobre a Save the Children A Save the Children acredita que cada criança merece um futuro. Nos Estados Unidos e no mundo inteiro proporcionamos às crianças um início de vida saudável, a oportunidade para aprender e proteção contra ameaças. Fazemos o que for preciso pelas crianças – todos os dias e em tempos de crise – transformando suas vidas e o futuro que compartilhamos. O texto no idioma original deste anúncio é a versão oficial autorizada. As traduções são fornecidas apenas como uma facilidade e devem se referir ao texto no idioma original, que é a única versão do texto que tem efeito legal. Contacts Pela Procter & Gamble Daria Chernyshenko daria.chernyshenko@mslgroup.com 020 3219 8779 ou Michelle Johal michelle.johal@mslgroup.com 0203 219 8841 Contacts Pela Procter & Gamble Daria Chernyshenko daria.chernyshenko@mslgroup.com 020 3219 8779 ou Michelle Johal michelle.johal@mslgroup.com 0203 219 8841 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility Advertise Subscribe Close Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Renew Area Development - Site Selection, Facility Planning and Workforce Development Follow Search Close Area Development Homepage All Sections Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Construction / Project Planning Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business AD Editorial Board Bill Luttrell Senior Locations Strategist, Werner Global Logistics, Werner Enterprises Bradley Migdal Senior Managing Director, Business Incentives Practice, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Brian Corde Managing Partner, Atlas Insight Christine Bustamante National Co-Leader, Global Location and Expansion Services, State and Local Tax, KPMG LLP Dan Levine Practice Leader, Location Strategies and Economic Development, Oxford Economics, Inc. Dan White Senior Economist, Moody's Analytics Dean J. Uminski, CEcD Principal, Crowe Horwath Dennis Cuneo Managing Partner , Fisher & Phillips Eric Stavriotis Senior Vice President, CBRE, Inc. Gregory Burkart Managing Director and Practice Leader, Site Selection & Business Incentive Advisory Services, Duff & Phelps, LLC Jamie Lominack Corporate Real Estate Manager, Michelin North America John Morris SIOR, Industrial Services Lead for the Americas, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Josh Bays Principal, Site Selection Group, LLC Les Cranmer Senior Managing Director, Savills Studley Marc Beauchamp Vice President & Partner, The CAI Global Group Michael McDermott Consulting Manager, Global Business Consulting, Cushman & Wakefield Minah Hall Managing Director, True Partners Consulting LLC Scott Kupperman Founder, Kupperman Location Solutions Scott Redabaugh Managing Director, JLL Stephen Gray CEO, Gray Construction Thomas J. Stringer, Esq. Managing Director & Practice Leader, Site Selection and Business Incentives Group, BDO USA Tim Feemster Managing Principal, Foremost Quality Logistics Site Selection | Government Policy / Business Climate Frontline: Defend Trade Secrets Act Gives Added Protection for Tech Companies The Defend Trade Secrets Act (DTSA), signed into law in May, 2016 by President Obama, has received wide industry praise from manufacturers as well as industry trade organizations. Karen Thuermer Directory 2017 The Defend Trade Secrets Act (DTSA), signed into law on May 11, 2016 by President Obama, has received wide industry praise from manufacturers including Boeing, Caterpillar, Corning, Eli Lilly and Co., General Electric, Honda, IBM, Intel, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Siemens, Microsoft, and United Technologies, as well as organizations such as the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, the Software & Information Industry Association (SIIA), the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Related Research Partners, Not Handouts: A Winning Model for Manufacturing Innovation First Person: U.S. Economy Uniquely Positioned for 21st Century Participation in the Global Economy Keeps U.S. Economy Growing Matt Lavoie, spokesman for Caterpillar, says, “Caterpillar has publicly supported the act, having sent numerous letters to Congress. We feel it’s important to protect intellectual property for companies like Caterpillar.” And NAM writes, “Trade secrets are vital to the competitiveness of companies throughout our economy, and the threat to these innovations is becoming more serious and more complex. By creating a strong, uniform body of trade secrets law nationwide, the DTSA ensures that our laws keep pace.” Government officials point out that trade secrets are worth $5 trillion to the U.S. economy, and losses can cost between $160 billion and $480 billion a year. Government data further points out that trade secrets comprise as much as 80 percent of the value of a company’s knowledge portfolio. Trade secrets are vital to the competitiveness of companies throughout our economy, and the threat to these innovations is becoming more serious and more complex. By creating a strong, uniform body of trade secrets law nationwide, the DTSA ensures that our laws keep pace. DTSA, which extends the Economic Espionage Act of 1996, essentially gives trade secret owners the option of using federal law to file trade secret lawsuits. Prior to DTSA, only state law authorized these lawsuits. Many see DTSA as critical given the growing rise in trade secret theft from foreign hackers, nation states, and rogue employees interested in obtaining U.S. businesses’ trade secrets. Jule Sigall, assistant general consul of IP Policy and Strategy for Microsoft, points out that prior to DTSA owners of copyrights, patents, and trademarks could go to federal court to protect their property and seek damages when their property was infringed upon, but trade secret owners could not. Importance to Technology Companies Unlike patents, which give a set of exclusive rights to an inventor or assignee for a limited period of time in exchange for detailed public disclosure of an invention, trade secrets are not necessarily technical, but can be anything of commercial value that is not public. Sigall stresses that trade secrets are especially important today for technology companies, big and small. “Consider Microsoft’s Cortana, for example, which is our personal digital assistant,” he writes in a blog. “Behind Cortana sits a vast amount of technology developed or enhanced in-house by Microsoft — voice recognition; language translation; reactive and predictive algorithms that can synthesize context, location and data, and interface with the vast resources of the Bing search engine index; and a complex array of cloud servers to crunch and serve data in real time. This technology represents tens of thousands of hours of research, trial and error, and continued improvement as Cortana is adapted for new devices and new scenarios.” Another important aspect to DTSA is how it impacts hiring practices. Employees cannot be prevented from working for competitors due to their knowledge of trade secrets. Conditions on employment, however, must be tailored to the threatened misappropriation. An example: bakery-café chain Panera sued pizza chain Papa John’s, claiming its former head of IT was using Panera’s trade secrets to facilitate small orders and catering in his new employment with Papa John’s. Karen Thuermer Karen Thuermer is an Alexandria, VA-based freelance writer who has been covering economic development issues for over 25 years. Skilled Labor / STEM Frontline: Women Will Help Fill the Manufacturing Skills Gap Q4 2016 Mississippi Location Notebook: Advanced Manufacturing Key to Mississippi’s Economy Q3 2016 Business Globalization / Next Shoring Frontline: Walmart’s “Made in USA” Program Encourages Reshoring Q4 2015 Logistics / Infrastructure Frontline: West Coast Ports Unite to Solve Challenges Q3 2015 RELATED TOPICS AND ARTICLES Government Policy / Business Climate Frontline Advanced Manufacturing Frontline: One-Year Update on the Revised Ozone Standard Utility Companies: Powerful Economic Development Partners Enterprise Zones: Opportunity Requiring Due Diligence Frontline: Cities Pledge to Reduce and Track Greenhouse Gas Emissions Partners, Not Handouts: A Winning Model for Manufacturing Innovation Frontline: New Tech Havens Bloom as Digitization Transforms U.S. Economy In Focus: Digital Transformation in the Manufacturing Sector Editor’s Note: Cobots Driving Innovation and Growth North America’s Robotics Renaissance Fueled by Skilled Labor First Person: 3D Printing’s “Disruptive” Effect on Manufacturing Advanced Technologies / Robotics Shaping the Future of Manufacturing Article Discussion News Items Around The Web Studies/Research Diana Food Plans Food Processing-Manufacturing and Research Campus In Banks County, Georgia 01/27/2017 Williams Sausage Company To Build Second Manufacturing Plant In Union City, Tennessee 01/27/2017 Dulles Glass and Mirror Invests In 84,010 Sq. Ft. Facility In Prince William County, Virginia 01/27/2017 Lear Corporation Expands Manufacturing Center In Duncan South Carolina 01/27/2017 Response Packaging Expands Manufacturing Complex In Greenville, South Carolina 01/27/2017 Teknor Apex Expands Distribution Hub In Brownsville, Tennessee 01/27/2017 Vermont Tax-Exempt Bonds Assist Three Firms With Expansion 01/26/2017 All News Items  Tips: Send Us Business Expansion or Relocation News Industrial Manufacturers’ Optimism Reflected in Expectations of Higher Revenue Growth, Increased Capital Spending Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine In Focus: Has the Moment for Infrastructure Revival Arrived? Walter Kemmsies, Ph.D., JLL Where Should Aerospace Companies Invest? Evaluating Aerospace Manufacturing Hubs Scott Thompson, PwC 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble Regional Talent Attraction Study Results: It’s Not All About Core Cities Joshua Wright, Emsi U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Developing Loyalty Among a Millennial Workforce Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Mark Crawford Technological Innovation Essential to U.S. Manufacturing Growth Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Which Countries Have Lowest Business Costs? Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine All Studies/Research/Papers Most Read Critical Site Selection Factor #1: Availability of Skilled Labor Editor’s Note: About Those Manufacturing Jobs… Regional Report: A Slow, But Steady Pace of Economic Growth for the New England States Should “Urbanization” Drive the Location Decision? The Coming Battle Over Infrastructure Funding and Investment Canada’s Intent to Create the World’s Largest Trading Bloc Frontline: 21st Century Cures Act May Spur Pharma/ Medical Device Expansions in U.S. SPECIAL PRESENTATIONS 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects 30th Annual Corporate Survey & 12th Annual Consultants Survey Results Follow Area Development Share Area Development Magazine Current Issue Past Issues Subscribe State Resources Mid-Atlantic Delaware Maryland New Jersey New York Pennsylvania Midwest Illinois Indiana Iowa Michigan Minnesota Missouri Ohio Wisconsin Mountain Colorado Idaho Montana Nevada Utah Wyoming New England Connecticut Maine Massachusetts New Hampshire Rhode Island Vermont Pacific Alaska California Hawaii Oregon Washington Plains Kansas Nebraska North Dakota South Dakota South Alabama Arkansas Kentucky Louisiana Mississippi Tennessee South-Atlantic Florida Georgia North Carolina South Carolina Virginia West Virginia Southwest Arizona New Mexico Oklahoma Texas Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Corporate Exec Survey Results Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Logistics / Infrastructure Site Selection Factors / Strategy Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Capital Access / Finance Construction / Project Planning Portfolio Management / CRE Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Annual Econdev Awards Economic Development Directory Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business U.S. Regional Reports Departments News Items Studies/Research/Papers Viewpoint Industry Sectors Advanced Manufacturing Aerospace Automotive Biotech / Life Sciences Energy / Clean Tech Food Processing Inward Investment Guides Location Canada Location USA Property Types Corporate HQ / Office Data Centers DCs / Warehousing Manufacturing / Industrial Services Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Contact Related Sites Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility FastGIS Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Area Development Exclusives Next Slide Previous Slide Top States for Business » 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Leading Metro Locations » Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs Annual Gold Shovel Economic Development Awards » 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Executive Survey Results » 30th Annual Survey of Corporate Executives: Cautious Optimism Reflected Inward Investment Guides » Location USA: A guide for inward investment to the United States Inward Investment Guides » FDI: Location Canada Economic Development Directory » Find the Right Location for Your Next Business Site, Facility or Headquarters Available Buildings and Sites » The free access database for companies, consultants and prospects seeking available buildings and/or sites Services Magazine Subscription/Renewal Newsletter Current Issue Contact Area Development Advertise Quick Links / Topics Asset Management Labor / Workforce Development Site Selection Business Expansion / Economic Development News State Resources Views Special Presentations Gold & Silver Shovel Economic Development Awards Annual Corporate & Consultants Survey Results Leading Metro Locations Top States for Doing Business Related Resources GIS, commercial listings database for expanding companies, consultants and other prospects who are seeking available buildings and/or sites. Scout locations for Your next business site, facility or headquarters and connect with economic development pros who can assist in the site selection process. Events focusing on best practices in economic development, bringing together industry leading consultants with economic development professionals. Follow Area Development on Twitter Pin Us Delicious Follow Area Development on LinkedIn Subscribe to Area Development RSS Feeds Subscribe to Area Development Newsletters All contents copyright © 2017 Halcyon Business Publications, Inc. Close Search Results
null
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Olay Provides New Insights to the Age-Long Nature versus Nurture Beauty Debate By Published: Jan 19, 2017 11:34 a.m. ET Share Study Reveals That Certain Lifestyle Choices Might Matter More Than Genes When it Comes to Exceptionally Youthful Looking Skin CINCINNATI, Jan 19, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Olay, in collaboration with personal genetics company 23andMe, recently conducted a study to identify factors associated with exceptional skin aging. In this particular study, external factors (nurture) had a larger effect on exceptionally youthful skin appearance than two identified genetic variations (nature). More specifically, sunscreen usage and positive attitude were positively correlated with younger-looking skin, while sunbathing and frequent dry skin have a negative association with skin aging. The collaboration was inspired by a breakthrough discovery made last year when Olay identified biological commonalities among a group of women called ‘exceptional skin agers’. During the brand’s largest research endeavor, the Multi-Decade and Ethnicities Study (MDE Study), Olay scientists found that 10% of women looked more than 10 years younger than their actual age and shared a unique gene expression fingerprint, effectively enabling their skin to behave like that of someone much younger. This led to questions about why some women look more than 10 years younger than their actual age; due to their environment and lifestyle choices, or a genetic predisposition. Most recently, in a study with over 155,000 participants conducted in collaboration with 23andMe, Olay researchers learned that women can take control to achieve exceptional skin aging. The work will be presented at this year’s AAD Annual Meeting [1] . Women who almost always used sunscreen were 78% more likely to be an exceptional skin ager, compared to women who almost never do. Women who reported they had a positive attitude towards themselves were 30% more likely to be an exceptional skin ager. Similarly, women with less than ideal skincare habits were less likely to achieve successful skin aging. Women who frequently sunbathed were 35% less likely to be an exceptional skin ager. Women who frequently or always suffered from dry skin were 30% less likely to be an exceptional skin ager. Additional positive predictors included: activity and energy levels, living in an urban area, regular exercise, eight or more hours of sleep a night, multi-vitamin usage and high self-rated health. Additional negative predictors included: smoking cigarettes and a body mass index of over 25. “These findings are incredibly exciting because they show that women can actively take beauty into their own hands,” said Dr. Frauke Neuser, Principal Scientist, Olay Skin Care, P&G. “In this study, having skin that looks exceptionally young – ageless – was not down to luck; genetics plays some role, but factors within women's control have larger effects. Future genomics and genetics research might enable us to provide increasingly personalized services and product solutions for women around the world.” Inspired by these insights and the discovery of the 10% exceptional skin agers, Olay re-engineered some of its most loved products with new ingredients to help more women’s skin look ageless. Specifically, several new or reformulated Olay Regenerist, Luminous and Total Effects products, containing Carob Seed Extract, carnosine or increased amounts of antioxidants respectively, have been shown to deliver visible results and youthful looking skin. New Olay Regenerist, Luminous and Total Effects will be available at local retailers beginning January 2017. About Olay Olay is a worldwide leader in skin care and has been trusted by women for over 60 years. Olay continues to hold to the philosophy it was founded on: to maintain a deep understanding of women’s changing needs and to combine products that fit their needs with the latest advances in skin care technology. The end result—superior product performance women have come to expect from Olay. It brings healthy, beautiful skin to more than 80 million women on five continents. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. About 23andMe 23andMe, Inc. is the leading personal genetics company. Founded in 2006, the mission of the company is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. 23andMe has more than 1 million customers worldwide with over 80 percent consented to participate in research. 23andMe, Inc. is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com. [1] AAD 2017, Poster #5530: Genetic and Lifestyle Factors Contribute to Youthful Facial Appearance. R Osborne, J Tiesman, F Neuser, M Tamura, W Safi, MH McIntyre, SS Shringarpure, IB Hallgriìmsdoìttir View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170119005831/en/ SOURCE: Procter & Gamble For Procter & Gamble Kate DiCarlo, 513-983-7166 dicarlo.km@pg.com or Melissa Chua, 212-546-8517 mchua@devriesglobal.com or Ali Greenman, 212-546-8531 agreenman@devriesglobal.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News Donald Trump’s Election Puts Super Bowl Advertisers on Tricky Playing Field Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei 1 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print dean bertoncelj / Shutterstock January 19, 2017 | 08:00AM PT Super Bowl advertisers like to aim for the funny bone. If they aren’t careful this year, they may end up smacking potential customers in the face. As Madison Avenue prepares to pitch soda, beer and gadgets to hundreds of millions of viewers expected to watch Fox’s February 5th broadcast of Super Bowl LI, its residents must tread carefully to the goal line. Even though this annual gridiron classic unites Americans like few media properties can in an age of splintering media usage, the viewership is more divided than ever, marketing experts argue, and audiences remain raw and polarized after the recent election of Donald J. Trump to the office of U.S. President. “Cutting through the noise is a difficult task for these advertisers, but they’ve got to be a little more careful in terms of taking a position on one issue, because they will have an equal number of people on the other side,” said Darrin Duber-Smith, who teaches marketing at Metropolitan State University of Denver. “America has not been this divided in modern memory. I think it’s like the rules at the bar: Don’t talk religion and politics.” Could that mean a spate of toned-down commercials come Game Day? Already, GoDaddy, a web-services provider that has run mischievous ads in the past, has said it intends to run a spot talking about the power of the Internet.  Fox sent one advertiser, building-supply company  84 Lumber, back to the drawing board when its proposed commercial was spotted depicting a wall that blocked people – a potential reference to the President-elect’s desire to build a stronger barrier on the U.S. border with Mexico. Anheuser-Busch has indicated that it will do away with celebrities and frat-boy humor in favor of ads that burnish the core qualities of brews like Bud Light and Michelob Ultra. The company did not craft its Super Bowl ads with recent election results in mind, said Marcel Marcondes, vice president of marketing at Anheuser-Busch. But one ad, for flagship beer Budweiser, is expected to tell the tale of co-founder Adolphus Busch, and link his story to a quest for the American Dream. Related Super Bowl Ads: 11 Commercials That Forced The Big Game To Change Its Spots Not everyone is minding the rules. Procter & Gamble’s Mr. Clean, a first-time entrant to Super Bowl advertising, is teasing its appearance online with a short video that tells viewers its famous bald-headed character is about to “get dirty.” Millions of dollars are at stake. Fox is seeking more than $5 million for a 30-second ad berth in this year’s pigskin championship – and typically tries to sell larger packages that would generate even more revenue. Other advertisers on board this year include Kia, Pepsi, Intel, Lexus and Avocados from Mexico. You’d think most Super Bowl marketers would play it safe.  An influx over the years of freshmen advertisers with little national marketing experience, however, raised eyebrows. Last year, 23% of the ad roster for Super Bowl 50  – 10 in all – were first-timers, according to Kantar Media, a tracker of ad spending.  In 2015, 28% of the advertisers put a cleat on the field for the first time. Many of these companies are relative unknowns and eager to make a big splash. To accomplish that feat, they put a good chunk of their annual marketing budget into buying a commercial, then worry less about production values and creative direction.  Last year, Dollar Shave Club ran a spot that looked like it was made for about a dollar, featuring a sassy razor talking to a guy in the shower. Others stumble by running commercials that prove offensive, such as a 2011 spot from Groupon, then a new Super Bowl supporter, that appeared to poke fun at conditions in Tibet. Marketers must communicate with everyone tuned into the game, not just a sub-section of the viewership. said Omer Shai, chief marketing officer of Wix, a digital-services company that is entering its third spin as a Super Bowl advertiser. “Everybody needs to like it,” he said. Getting people to do so will be a tougher task in 2017. Studies of conversations across thousands of digital sites conducted by Amobee, a company that helps advertisers plan and allocate digital pitches, found consumers talking more about America being divided than being unified, according to Jonathan Cohen, the company’s principal brand analyst. “Brands have to recognize the impact his election is having on the national conversation,” he said. Making matters worse, Super Bowl ads in the last few years have lost some of their joy. Many marketers have hitched their ads to causes.  In 2015, advertisers including Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble, Nissan and the NFL cautioned viewers about everything from online bullying to spousal abuse. Last year, viewers had to watch an ad for a remedy for opioid-induced constipation, a reminder that many Americans are grappling with painkiller addictions. SodaStream, an upstart that sold a make-your-own-soda kit, debuted in 2013 with an ad that pointed out how buying plastic soda bottles hurt the environment. Many Americans find these ads tiresome, suggested Duber Smith: “I’m trying to watch the damn game, and I’m tired of being preached to.” Related Why Super Bowl Ads Could Be Sad, Somber and Serious for Years to Come To score a touchdown, advertisers should try ads that push consumers to look to the horizon, said Michael Goldberg, an ad-industry veteran who is chief executive of Zimmerman Advertising, an ad agency owned by Omnicom Group. “Someone has to go, ‘Enough,’” he said. “That’s going to be the social currency this year – aligning a brand with not just general unification, but addressing the issue and trying to cap it.” Chrysler has had success with this technique in the past. As the nation tried to drag itself out of a massive recession late last decade, the automaker ran dynamic two-minute spots that urged viewers to help the country get back on its feet. A 2012 ad featured rapper Eminem driving a Chrysler 200 through Detroit. The ad was meant to show the Motor City and the auto industry in revival mode after tough times. The following year, Chrysler ran an even more memorable spot featuring actor Clint Eastwood telling viewers that it was “halftime in America,” and that the moment had come to push ahead. The tradition stretches back even farther. After the terrorist attacks of 9/11, Anheuser-Busch used a 2002 Super Bowl commercial to show its stately Clydesdales paying tribute to New York City. In 2017, knitting the American public back together might require more than even those famous horses. Filed Under: Anheuser-Busch Donald Trump Fox Super Bowl 2017 Super Bowl Commercials Tv Advertising Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 4:42PM PT Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies at 94 2 Biz 4:28PM PT Wanda Faces Hurdles in Closing Dick Clark Prods. Deal (EXCLUSIVE) 3 Film 2:00PM PT Box Office: James McAvoy’s ‘Split’ Muzzling ‘A Dog’s Purpose,’ ‘Resident Evil’ 4 Film 1:02PM PT SAG Awards Predictions 2017: Who Will Win 5 TV 10:00AM PT TV Review: ‘Santa Clarita Diet,’ With Drew Barrymore and Timothy Olyphant SAG Awards Predictions 2017: Who Will Win ‘Arrival,’ ‘Rogue One,’ ‘Westworld’ Lead MPSE Sound Editing Nominations Playback: Oscar Nominee Ruth Negga on ‘Loving’ and Diversity in Hollywood Oscars: ‘La La Land’ Sets Its Sights on the Record for Most Wins Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Molly Cruz says: January 19, 2017 at 9:41 am All this, for those spaces where we all go pee and get a snack? Reply More TV News from Variety The Power of Content Coach and Rodarte Are Set to Collaborate Michele Fazekas & Tara Butters Light Drama 'The Gospel Of Kevin'… How to Get the Week's Best Sneaker Releases Arrow Photos: Talia al Ghul Teaches Oliver a Thing or Two — Get… This little power meter could save your computer from shoddy… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska HNI Corporation Announces Management Changes News provided by HNI Corporation Jan 19, 2017, 10:05 ET Share this article MUSCATINE, Iowa, Jan. 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- HNI Corporation (NYSE: HNI) announced a change in its Chief Financial Officer and its President, HNI International. Kurt A. Tjaden who has served as Chief Financial Officer of HNI Corporation since August 2008 has been appointed President, HNI International, a significant and strategically important business unit of HNI Corporation.  Mr. Tjaden will continue as a Senior Vice President, HNI Corporation reporting to Stan Askren, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, HNI Corporation. "Kurt has provided strategic direction and keen insight leading our finance functions and driven value creation for shareholders and members.  With his unique capabilities and previous international experience, we are pleased Kurt will now be leading our international businesses," said Mr. Askren. Prior to joining HNI Corporation, Mr. Tjaden had significant experience working in Asia for Whirlpool, Gateway, and Procter & Gamble.  He possesses a strong background and knowledge of the Asia Pacific region. Marco V. Molinari, Executive Vice President, HNI Corporation and President of HNI International has elected to retire after over 13 years of service.  "I'd like to personally thank Marco for his many years of dedicated and valuable service to HNI Corporation.  His contributions to the Corporation have been significant.  I wish him all the best in his future," said Mr. Askren. Marshall H. Bridges has been appointed Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HNI Corporation, reporting to Mr. Askren. "I am pleased to have Marshall take the next step up in his successful career at HNI Corporation as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  We are fortunate to have such a capable and experienced candidate ready and able to fill this critical role.  As indicated by his track record and previous experience at HNI Corporation, I expect Marshall will immediately be a strong contributor to our operations and business strategy," said Mr. Askren. Mr. Bridges joined HNI Corporation in 2001, and has served as Vice President Investor Relations and Treasurer, HNI Corporation; Vice President, Finance, Allsteel; and Vice President, Finance, Contract Furniture Group.  He possesses significant finance, business strategy and transactional experience. About HNI Corporation HNI Corporation is a NYSE traded company (ticker symbol: HNI) providing products and solutions for the home and workplace environments.  HNI is a leading global provider and designer of office furniture and the leading manufacturer and marketer of hearth products. We sell the broadest and deepest selection of quality office furniture solutions available to meet the needs of every customer through an extensive portfolio of well-known and trusted brands. Our hearth products are the strongest, most respected brands in the industry and include a full array of gas, electric, wood and biomass burning fireplaces, inserts, stoves, facings and accessories.  More information can be found on the Corporation's website at www.hnicorp.com. For Information Contact: Jack D. Herring, Treasurer, Director of Finance and Investor Relations (563-506-9783)   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hni-corporation-announces-management-changes-300393578.html SOURCE HNI Corporation Related Links http://www.hnicorp.com Jan 23, 2017, 17:10 ET Preview: HNI Corporation Fourth Quarter And Year-End Fiscal 2016 Results Conference Call Nov 10, 2016, 09:38 ET Preview: HNI Corporation Announces Quarterly Dividend My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 23, 2017, 17:10 ETHNI Corporation Fourth Quarter And Year-End Fiscal 2016 Results... Nov 10, 2016, 09:38 ETHNI Corporation Announces Quarterly Dividend Explore More news releases in similar topics Furniture and Furnishings Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Office Products Retail You just read: HNI Corporation Announces Management Changes News provided by HNI Corporation Jan 19, 2017, 10:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
desktop includes2013/SSI/notification/global.json <span class="notification"></span> /includes2013/SSI/utility/ajax_ssi_loader.shtml Sezioni EDIZIONI LOCALI CorriereTV Archivio Trovocasa trovolavoro Servizi CERCA Login Completa la registrazione SCOPRI PER TE Gestisci profilo Logout BERGAMO BOLOGNA BRESCIA FIRENZE MILANO VIVIMILANO ROMA MEZZOGIORNO BARI CASERTA CATANIA FOGGIA LECCE NAPOLI PALERMO SALERNO VENETO BELLUNO PADOVA ROVIGO TREVISO VENETO VENEZIA VERONA VICENZA Abbonamenti Digital Edition Attiva le notifiche Passaparola Dizionario Trovocasa Trovolavoro Trovoaste Trovobandi Codici Sconto Codici Sconto Zalando Codici Sconto Unieuro Codici Sconto Amazon Corriere Store Comuni Giochi e Lotterie Meteo Academy Buonpertutti Necrologi Trovalazampa l'Enoteca scrivi cerca icon arrow mininel sito in Corriere in Corriere Viaggi nel Dizionario Tutte le parole Data Home Opinioni Lettere al Corriere di Sergio Romano Le Firme Italians di Beppe Severgnini Il Twitter del direttore Sonar, captiamo le opinioni Datablog English / Chinese Editorials (English version) Chinese (Chinese Version) Sonar, captiamo le opinioni Video news Inchieste DocuWeb Corriere Sociale Contenuti Premium Sfoglia il giornale Extra Per Voi Rassegna Stampa Firme di Corriere Firme di Corriere Politica La Crisi di Governo Referendum Costituzionale Cronache Vajont, 50 anni dopo La strage del Mediterraneo Esteri Elezioni Presidenziali USA 2016 Economia Borsa Italiana Azioni Warrants Obbligazioni Etf-Etc Comunicati Strumenti Mercati internazionali Europa: Amsterdam Bruxelles Francoforte Lisbona Londra Madrid Parigi Zurigo Usa: Dow Nasdaq Amex Valute, metalli, tassi Fondi Italiani Esteri Pensione Assicurativi Hedge Le rubriche I nostri soldi Il Salvaprezzi La nuvola del lavoro Positivo & negativo Le vie dell'Asia Finanza&Risparmio Diritti e risposte Famiglia Tasse Persone Donazioni Lavoro e Pensione Successioni Tutela del Consumatore Danno alle Persone Locazioni Tutela della Privacy Sportello Lavoro Confronta&Risparmia Capire l'Europa Tasse Imposte sui redditi Imposte sugli acquisti Tributi locali Agevolazioni fiscali Altri tributi e canoni Accertamenti Sport Olimpiadi Rio 2016 Euro 2016 Serie A Calendario e risultati Le dirette Classifiche Gol Statistiche Ultima Giornata Videonews Albo d'oro Serie B Calendario e risultati Le dirette Classifiche Tutti i GOL Videonews Albo d'oro Coppe Champions League Europa League Coppa Italia Dirette calcio Tutte le dirette Serie A Serie B Champions Europa League Formula 1 Calendario Risultati e classifiche Piloti & Team Albo d'oro Motomondiale Calendario Risultati e classifiche Piloti & Team Albo d'oro Rugby Vela Video sport Man of the match Formula 1 Cultura La Lettura Scuola Elementari Medie Superiori Università Blog Speciale maturita’ 2016 Spettacoli Cinema Trovafilm Coming Soon Il Film di Paolo Mereghetti Le videorubriche TeleVisioni di A.Grasso Il Film di P.Mereghetti Mi Piace di M.L. Agnese Per niente Candida Tv Usa di S.Carini Marilyn, il racconto del cinema Festival di Sanremo Salute Cardiologia Test: quanto è sano il tuo cuore? Diabete La dolce vita Dermatologia Speciale Psoriasi Disabilità Blog InVisibili Malattie Infettive Speciale influenza Neuroscienze Speciale Sonno Nutrizione Ricette della salute Alimentazione sana Come conservare i cibi Pediatria I video del Pronto soccorso Blog Dubbi di mamma e papà Reumatologia Che cosa sono i reumatismi I centri di cura in Italia Sportello cancro Come trovare l'ospedale migliore Dove si sperimentano i nuovi farmaci I centri di psiconcologia Forum Psiconcologia L’esperto risponde Esami del sangue I video di salute Scienze Ambiente Settegreen Awards 2016 Forum Terra, Fuoco, Aria, Acqua Animali e dintorni Fotovoltaico ed eolico Animali Il veterinario risponde Innovazione Tecnologia Video tecnologia Mobile Social App & Soft Videogiochi Economia Digitale Cyber cultura Provati per voi Automotive Italia Digitale I Blog Vita digitale Mal di tech 6 gradi eStory Hei Book Visioni Future Sentimeter L'Ora Legale Eliza Silicon Valley Piazza Digitale IFA Berlino 2015 Mobile world congress 2015 Motori Listino auto Video motori Novità auto e moto Donne e motori Speciale Ibrido Salone di Francoforte Salone di Ginevra Salone di Parigi Speciale Guido con un cane Prove Moto Tecnologia Auto d'epoca Anteprima Lifestyle Attualità Blog Heavy Rider Speciale Le vie dello sport Viaggi Casa Eventi Economia Circolare SPECIALE OROLOGI 2016 Cucina IoDonna Style 27Ora Moda News Beauty Sportswear Moda & Business Sfilate donna Sfilate uomo Agenda Italia Corriere della Sera / economia Stampa Stampa senza immagine Chiudi Smartphone rotto? Ecco dove costa meno ripararlo. Ma attenti a tempi e garanzia Tennis, Australian Open: anche Nadal sulla macchina del tempo della finale Padoan: «Procedura di infrazione europea sarebbe un problema» L'arte della moto è al Motor Bike Expo competizioni per studenti universitari Milano, 19 gennaio 2017 - 14:22 P&G lancia l’IT Business Challenge, sfida per futuri manager dell’Information Technology Candidature entro il 22 gennaio per il concorso dedicato ai talenti di tutta Europa, India ed Egitto, che si terrà a Madrid dal 23 al 27 aprile a Madrid di Irene Consigliere di MI INTERESSA gli argomenti MI INTERESSA A-A+ shadow totale voti 0 2 0 Da Guardare Evidenzia onoff Stampa Ascolta Email Candidature entro il 22 gennaio per partecipare all’IT Business Challenge di Madrid, dal 23 al 27 aprile 2017, sfida lanciata agli studenti (a partire dal secondo anno della laurea di primo livello)dell’ Europa, India ed Egitto da Procter&Gamble, per vivere l’esperienza dei manager di Information Technology e conoscere come contribuire, attraverso la digitalizzazione dei processi e l’innovazione tecnologica, allo sviluppo di una società come P&G. I talenti universitari italiani provenienti da tutta Europa, India ed Egitto avranno l’opportunità dimostrare le proprie capacità. Potranno inoltre seguire corsi di formazione personalizzati. Tra i temi trattati, l’attenzione alla pianificazione strategica, la leadership, il project management e l’importanza dell’innovazione tecnologica e della digitalizzazione dei processi aziendali finalizzata alla crescita e sviluppo del business. “Viviamo in una realtà guidata dalla tecnologia digitale, nella quale il progresso tecnologico, l’analisi dei dati, i social media e il commercio on-line solo per citare alcuni fenomeni, hanno radicalmente modificato il settore del largo consumo, dice Giampaolo Calcari, direttore risorse umane di P&G. Stiamo assistendo un cambiamento epocale, una vera “rivoluzione digitale”, che ha portato e porterà nuovi modi di fare business ed interagire con le persone dando più rilevanza che mai ai professionisti di Information Technology”. Dopo aver caricato il proprio curriculum e risposto ad alcune domande preliminari su http://itbc.pg.com, dal 3 al 12 febbraio 2017 i candidati dovranno effettuare dei test usando la piattaforma virtuale. Coloro che li supereranno verrano invitati negli uffici P&G per le interviste al termine delle quali è prevista la selezione di 22 studenti che verranno ospitati a Madrid. 19 gennaio 2017 (modifica il 19 gennaio 2017 | 15:05) © RIPRODUZIONE RISERVATA gli argomenti MI INTERESSA Dopo aver letto questo articolo mi sento... • • Leggi i contributi SCRIVI aside shadow Corriere della Sera IL VERTICE ALLA CASA BIANCA Trump a May: elogio della Brexit, «via al rafforzamento dell’esercito» di Giuseppe Sarcina, corrispondente da New York Il primo incontro fra il premier britannico e il nuovo presidente americano - Gli Usa devono guidare il mondo Gaggi - Washington tifa contro l’euro Fubini leggi di più The Donald: «Brexit? Una grande cosa per Londra» Il muro pagato dai messicani: le ironie in Rete soddisfatto 50% 6 219 1 211 7   MANOVRA Bruxelles chiede misure dettagliate, ma il governo pensa alle elezioni di Mario Sensini Martedì la risposta alla Ue sulla manovra correttiva - Renzi guarda al 25 giugnoVerderami leggi di più Flessibilità e bonus fiscali: i dubbi di MoscoviciIl pressing sul premierdi .F.Verderami indignato 100% 6 0 5 1   SCENARI Primarie del centrodestra? Scontro Berlusconi-Salvini di Nando Pagnoncelli Meloni terza nel sondaggio. Indietro Parisi e Toti. Ma l'idea dei gazebo per la scelta del candidato piace poco 14 0 13 1   CONTI PUBBLICI Padoan: «Una procedura di infrazione europea sarebbe un problema per l’Italia» di Fausta Chiesa Il ministro dell’Economia dopo l’Ecofin: «Mps non è un salvataggio, ma una ricapitalizzazione precauzionale» indignato 100% 61 121 1 115 5   L’INTERVISTA Paolo Conte: «Mio padre morì all’improvviso, io non cantai “Azzurro”» di Aldo Cazzullo, inviato ad Asti Ha compiuto 80 anni e non l’ha detto a nessuno. «Tifavo Torino, poi sono diventato milanista» divertito 100% 17 0 16 1   ALTRE NOTIZIE SU CORRIERE.IT I più letti I più commentati I PIÙ VISTI L'hotel Rigopiano già sommerso dalla neve poche ore prima della valanga 22 gennaio 2017 0 1299 2 1283 14   Si alza la palla da solo e tira la punizione, lo schema è ingegnoso 22 gennaio 2017 0 3 0 0 3   Verona, ecco come si è schiantato il bus degli studenti ungheresi: videoricostruzione 21 gennaio 2017 0 726 0 719 7   Fabio Fazio fa la domanda più imbarazzante di tutte a Gullit 23 gennaio 2017 0 1072 0 1069 3   Corriere della Sera Gazzetta | Corriere Mobile | El Mundo | Marca | RCS Mediagroup | Fondazione Corriere | Fondazione Cutuli | Quimamme Copyright 2017 © RCS Mediagroup S.p.a. Tutti i diritti sono riservati | Per la pubblicità: RCS MediaGroup S.p.A. - Dir. Communication Solutions RCS MediaGroup S.p.A. - Direzione Media Sede legale: via Angelo Rizzoli, 8 - 20132 Milano | Capitale sociale: Euro 475.134.602,10 Codice Fiscale, Partita I.V.A. e Iscrizione al Registro delle Imprese di Milano n.12086540155 | R.E.A. di Milano: 1524326 | ISSN 2499-0485 Servizi | Scrivi | Cookie policy e privacy | Codici Sconto Hamburg Declaration
{{'Shortcuts' | translate}} Eng Esp [OP-ED]: Why tax reform will be a slog Language English Tax “reform,” starting with taxes on business, seems to be on everyone’s agenda, and it may be a place where the incoming Trump administration and its Democratic critics find common ground. But it’s still going to be a slog, and one reason is so-called “pass-through” businesses whose taxes are levied at personal income tax rates. When we think of business, the image that usually pops to mind is of the giant corporation: Google, General Motors, Procter & Gamble and their ilk. To be sure, these massive enterprises (known as “C” corporations) seem to dominate the business landscape and have their own tax rules, with a top federal rate of 35 percent. But behind the gigantic companies lie millions of smaller firms that aren’t C corporations. Their profits are “passed through” to the owners’ personal tax forms, where their business income is taxed at personal tax rates. The top federal rate is 43.4 percent, but the inclusion of state taxes can push that above 50 percent. Given the popularity of pass-through firms, they will likely play a big role in the tax debate. It also seems likely that they’ll push for lower taxes. This could be a major stumbling block, because (of course) tax cuts for pass-through firms will require spending cuts, tax increases on big C corporations, or larger budget deficits. How many pass-through firms are there and what’s their economic effect? You can be excused if you underestimate their impact. I certainly did. But a new report from the Tax Foundation, a think tank, dispels any notion that pass-through firms play a minor role in the economy. Here are some findings from the report: -- More than 90 percent of businesses in America are pass-through enterprises. In 2014, that was 28.3 million out of 30.8 million business establishments. -- Pass-through firms account for more than half of U.S. private-sector employment. In 2014, the number of workers at these firms totaled 73 million compared with 54 million at C corporations. -- The total profits of pass-through firms have surpassed the profits of C corporations. In 2012, the net income was $1.6 trillion for pass-through firms and $1.1 trillion for C corporations. Pass-through businesses come in three varieties: sole proprietorships (firms with one owner); partnerships; and “S” corporations, which are corporations receiving pass-through tax treatment. Their number has grown rapidly. In 1980, the Tax Foundation reports, there were more C corporation tax returns filed than the combined total of sole proprietorships, partnerships and S corporations. By 2012, the number of pass-through returns was more than four times greater than the returns from C corporations. It’s not entirely clear what explains this surge. One cause was the Tax Reform Act of 1986, which lowered the top personal rate to 28 percent from 50 percent; that created a powerful incentive for firms to adopt pass-through status, especially with a higher top tax rate for C corporations. But as personal tax rates have been raised, this incentive weakened. The top personal and business rates are now near or above 50 percent, including state taxes. (The top federal corporate rate is 35 percent; but there are also taxes on dividends and capital gains, with a top tax rate of 23.8 percent.) Another explanation for the popularity of pass-through status is the spread of limited-liability company laws in states, which allow firms to curtail damages in case they’re sued, says the Tax Foundation’s Scott Greenberg. Rather than facing two types of taxation -- corporate and personal -- business owners may simplify by choosing personal tax rates. Whatever the explanation, the many pass-through taxpayers loom over the impending tax reform debate. Interestingly, the Tax Foundation suggests that the pass-through treatment should remain because it doesn’t discriminate against labor income. It is “difficult to justify why income from pass-through businesses should be subject to lower tax rates than income from wages and salaries,” the report says. No way will this be easy -- and it’s not clear that overhauling business and personal taxes separately will make it any easier. Main Topic:  Opinion Related Topics:  Opinion Tags:  “pass-through” tax reform Posted Date:  Thursday, January 19, 2017 - 8:09am Alt text:  “pass-through”, tax reform Caption:  Whatever the explanation, the many pass-through taxpayers loom over the impending tax reform debate. Interestingly, the Tax Foundation suggests that the pass-through treatment should remain because it doesn’t discriminate against labor income. It is “difficult to justify why income from pass-through businesses should be subject to lower tax rates than income from wages and salaries,” the report says. Plain Text Author:  Robert J. Samuelson
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS ET Portfolio Speed Markets News Industry Small Biz Politics Wealth MF Tech TECHHardwareSoftwareInternetITeSDo Big Stories FOLLOW TECH Mphasis appoints former Syntel head Nitin Rakesh as CEO replacing Ganesh Ayyar Blackstone owns over 60 per cent of Mphasis, after it bought out Hewlett-Packard...Budget 2017: Key expectations of the IT sectorGoogle banned 1.7 billion 'misleading' ads in 2016: Report50 per cent victims of cybercrime struggle to recover their money: Kaspersky Labs Jobs Opinion Slideshows Magazines PanacheET MagazineWealthBrand EquityFinancial TimesTravel FOLLOW PANACHE FOLLOW WEALTH More NewslettersAlertsE-PaperE-LearningET intelligenceMobileET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth for iPadET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App Brand Solutions Tata Docomo Business Services Do Big Stories: Powering Innovations TomorrowMakers Everything you must know about insurance. Smarter Way To Work Your go-to Office—anywhere GE EnergyWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating energy. Mutual Fund PULSE Get ready to become a champion investor For The Next India Committed to the Future, Committed to India Make in India Campaign created major impact through various policies & initiatives. Tools Online financial calculators and more ET HealthWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating healthcare... Build More Than A Network Different way of looking at the challenges of the global network ET NOW ET Home›Jobs 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments SPJIMR placements for Class of 2017 ends with top salary of Rs 39.5L, average salary of Rs 20.9L By Sreeradha Basu , ET Bureau| Updated: Jan 19, 2017, 04.13 PM IST READ MORE ON » TAS | SPJIMR | salary | placements | P&G | Microsoft The consolidation phase in the e-commerce industry led to the number of offers made by e-commerce remaining consistent with last year. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve HUL x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Axis Bank x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ MUMBAI: The Class of 2017 at SPJIMR has completed final placements with a top salary of Rs 39.5 lakh. The average salary rose to Rs 20.9 lakh, up from Rs.19.3 lakh last year. More than 90% of the PGDM batch received offers of Rs 15 lakh or more, with a median salary of Rs 20 lakh. The placements season this year saw 104 companies on campus to hire the 229 students of the Class of 2017. This season saw regular recruiters like TAS, Deloitte, Accenture Strategy, Mahindra GMC, HUL, P&G, Microsoft, PwC-PRTM, Axis Bank, and JM Financial. The batch also received five international offers. The campus saw participation from 51 new companies including Goldman Sachs, Reckitt Benckiser, General Mills, ITC, Johnson & Johnson, GEP, Miebach Consulting, Samara Capital, Investec, DBS Bank, ICICI Prudential, MCX, Directi, HCL Infosystems, LinkedIn, SAP, DSP BlackRock, Samsung, Amway, Heinz, Siemens, Sony Music, Pernod Ricard, Texas Instruments among others. Consulting and FMCG firms yet again led the placements in terms of number of offers. The consolidation phase in the e-commerce industry led to the number of offers made by e-commerce remaining consistent with last year. Around 30% of the batch was recruited by FMCG firms, a 38% increase in the number of offers from last year. Top consulting firms made offers to 27% of the Class of 2017, which is same as last year. More than half of the Class of 2017 received Pre-Placement Offers and Pre-Placement Interviews through their autumn internships at top corporate houses, some of which included Amazon, Asian Paints, Axis Bank, Colgate-Palmolive, GE, HUL, Mondelez, P&G, TAS, ITC among others. According to a placement report issued by the institute, 98% of the batch bagged salaries of Rs.14 lakh and more. READ MORE ON » TAS | SPJIMR | salary | placements | P&G | Microsoft Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1SPJIMR placements for Class of 2017 ends with top salary of Rs 39.5L, average salary of Rs 20.9L Crisil says FM should focus on job creation in Budget 2017 Automation may curtail employment opportunities: C Rangarajan Men work longer, but women more open to working while on holiday: Study Good work gets done when great minds come together: Vivek Prabhakar SPJIMR placements for Class of 2017 ends with top salary of Rs 39.5L, average salary of Rs 20.9L Digitisation will hit Indian employees the most: ManpowerGroup survey The key survival skills for the working class Forget job losses! Mid-sized fin firms on hiring spree now! 'Employers in India likely to trim head count on automation' BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos PSUs CEO toons Personal Finance Small Business ALL News » Business » India Business News » Achhe din for jobs! FMCG companies start hiring in anticipation of a demand revival PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Top 10 Business Stories of 2016 'Halwa' ceremony ahead of Budget CCI slaps penalty on cement firms Patanjali strikes deal with Ruchi Soya India’s growth story intact: Sitharaman Cabinet approves plan to list PSU GICs Tata Motors launches SUV Hexa Achhe din for jobs! FMCG companies start hiring in anticipation of a demand revivalRatna Bhushan & Prachi Verma The cash crunch post demonetisation did hurt FMCG companies but they don’t expect it to last long or cause job losses. | ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 19, 2017, 09.45 AM IST PepsiCo India chairman D Shivakumar acknowledged the impact of demonetisation on the consumer goods industry. ... Read More NEW DELHI: Achhe din is back in sight for consumer goods companies, with the industry expecting consumption to bounce back from as early as next quarter as the impact of demonetisation fades away. The cash crunch post demonetisation did hurt them, said top industry executives. But they don’t expect it to last long or cause job losses. In fact, some of them have even started stepping up hiring in anticipation of a demand revival. “We have seen headwinds on demand, but there is no freeze on hiring or bonuses as growth will be back in the second and third quarters (of calendar 2017), and we have to be ready for that,” said Varun Berry, managing director at biscuit maker Britannia. PepsiCo India chairman D Shivakumar acknowledged the impact of demonetisation on the consumer goods industry. “But we are hiring in expectation of a consumption revival,” he added. Nestle, Procter & Gamble and Dabur also made similar views. Hindustan Unilever said it is business as usual for the company. Headhunters from Transearch, GlobalHunt and Korn Ferry said there was a slowdown in hiring at junior or middle levels in the FMCG sector after the November 8 demonetisation announcement, but that has changed now. In senior positions, there wasn’t any impact, they said. Neighbourhood stores that transact mostly in cash were among the biggest casualties of demonetisation, even as consumers visited modern retail outlets more frequently and paid electronically, cushioning the impact for the FMCG industry, company executives said. Across channels, the hit was mostly on non-premium categories targeting consumers with least purchasing power, but the highermargin premium products remained mostly insulated from the demand slowdown. While the situation is improving for both kirana stores and the organised ones in cities and big towns with easing money supply, rural markets remain a concern, said experts. “There was impact on demand and it was severe across consumer staples, considering that almost 90% of the sales traditionally happen across mom-and-pop stores,” Deloitte India partner Anil Talreja said. “But a demand and consumption recovery phase is kicking in and banks are returning to a level of normalcy. However, demand recovery in rural markets will take more time as transactions have been almost entirely cash dependent.” Rajat Wahi, partner and head (consumer markets) at KPMG, said even December was looking up in terms of demand, though the challenges on rural markets persisted. Arecent report from market researcher Nielsen confirmed the increasing consumer preference towards modern retail. With uncertainty over the availability of cash during November-December, modern trade shoppers took the opportunity to stock up, encouraged also by promotions and discounts from retailers and FMCG companies. In the two weeks after the currency ban, modern trade grew five times at a time when 70% neighbourhood groceries reported a fall in business, it said. Dabur chief executive Sunil Duggal said modern trade was an outperformer during the period of cash crunch that put pressure on the consumer goods industry. “We expect revival April onwards,” he added. According to the Nielsen report, even for grocery purchases, modern retail and online have become the channels of choice for many. This was perceptible in categories of household items (laundry, floor cleaner and utensil cleaner), personal care products (lotions, soaps and shampoos) and daily staples (milk, curd, fruits and vegetables). In the two weeks after demonetisation, packaged grocery saw 44% growth in modern retail sales compared with a year earlier, it said. Meanwhile, hirings at consumer goods companies are back to normal or picking up after a slowdown, executive search firms said, suggesting it as an indicator of improving demand situation in the industry. Hiring was slightly impacted till last month but that it is “back on track”, said Global-Hunt MD Sunil Goel. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Grade a commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9% Property Share Help single mother save her baby daughter! Milaap 7 movies you won’t believe Hrithik Roshan rejected! CRITICSUNION More from The Times of India Dev Patel earns Oscar nomination for 'Lion' NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' From the Web More From The Times of India Save Shrayansh from a life-crippling disorderMilaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-corruption campaignCRITICSUNION Grade A commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9%Property Share Help Saeeda recover from brain tumour!Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdownCRITICSUNION Flat stomach food guide 2 dead, 129 injured during jallikattu in Tamil Nadu Four days on, cops nab Boring Road molesters Peace with Pakistan: Give Tomorrow A Chance drone hunt for tiger​: 80-member team, drone hunt for tiger ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular No grand alliance in UP? SP rules out tie-up with RLD Brexit trade deal with India ‘at risk’ without visa reform Senior IAS officer sacked in 'public interest' after poor performance review Baby of Divya needs your support to live! Ad: Milaap Expect Jan-March sales for FMCG to be strong: Adi Godrej In a chat with ET Now, Godrej Group Chairman Adi Godrej says he expects Jan-March sales for FMCG to be strong compared to the previous year. Market opens in red, Sensex slips over 100 points The S&P BSE Sensex started in red by slipping nearly 100 points at 27,228, while Nifty50 tested 8,400. From around the Web Help little Harish undergo a liver transplant Milaap Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai More From The Times of India Rakesh Roshan won't watch Shah Rukh Khan's 'Raees' Times of India Ranveer Singh can rock kajal better than you! Times of India Donald Trump expected to order temporary ban on refugees Times of India Read MoreNote banJobsfmcgdemonetisationcash Crunch Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners RBI has pumped in Rs 9.2 lakh crore of new notes: Source Deposited Rs 10 lakh or more in bank accounts after Nov 8? Be ready to reveal source of money in next 15 days Demonetisation impact: Home-buyers are waiting for rate cuts before firming up their purchase plans 1Achhe din for jobs! FMCG companies start hiring in anticipation of a demand revival 2RBI has pumped in Rs 9.2 lakh crore of new notes: Source 3Deposited Rs 10 lakh or more in bank accounts after Nov 8? Be ready to reveal source of money in next 15 days 4Demonetisation impact: Home-buyers are waiting for rate cuts before firming up their purchase plans About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Bigg Boss 10 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Currency Demonetisation Yuvraj Singh Budget 2017 News Bigg Boss 10 UP Elections 2017 Jallikattu Live: Protest for Jallikattu Live: Donald Trump Inauguration Koffee With Karan Season 5 Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Hot Topics: Hiltz Murder Christo Cancels Over The River Gun Near School Senior Fun Fest Fremont's Exceptional Women E-Edition News Tips Print   Email   Font Resize Florence Pioneer Museum and Research Center to host Chili Bowl Posted:   01/18/2017 08:15:57 PM MST A Chili Bowl in a Chilly Museum The Florence Pioneer Museum and Research Center will host the second annual "A Chili Bowl in a Chilly Museum" from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday at 100 E. Front St. in Florence. The community is invited to enjoy a cup of homemade chili in a handmade pottery bowl provided by P & G Pottery of Florence, for $5 each. Since the museum does not have a furnace, attendees should plan to dress warmly. Proceeds from the event go toward matching funds for a grant to help with infrastructure needs for the museum. Board Secretary Marty Lamm said last year's event raised nearly $3,000. The board needs to raise $35,000 to be able to add an HVAC system that won't stress artifacts by experiencing cold to hot temperatures. The museum closed in December because of cold temperatures and is expected to reopen for the season in mid-May, depending on weather conditions. During the 2016 season, 580 guests visited the museum from 32 states, the United Kingdom, Germany and Switzerland. During Saturday's event, attendees are invited to look at the museum's flag display, see the new light-up topographical map depicting where coal and oil deposits used to be in Florence, and learn more about the research center. For more information, visit www.florencepioneermuseum.org. Fremont County Republicans to host inauguration party Advertisement The Fremont County Republicans will host a potluck Inauguration Party from 6-8 p.m. Friday at Republican Headquarters, 603 Main St. to celebrate this historic inauguration of the country's new president, Donald Trump. All Fremont County residents are cordially invited and are encouraged to bring a dish or beverage to share. Daily Record Staff Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES REM comes to Main Street Mayor Troutman issues call to action DOC dog training program gives inmates purpose   placeholder POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
up next: now reading: Why Tax Reform Is Going to Be a Slog CSM Why Tax Reform Is Going to Be a Slog By Robert Samuelson January 19, 2017 CSM X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Tax "reform," starting with taxes on business, seems to be on everyone's agenda, and it may be a place where the incoming Trump administration and its Democratic critics find common ground. But it's still going to be a slog, and one reason is so-called "pass-through" businesses whose taxes are levied at personal income tax rates. When we think of business, the image that usually pops to mind is of the giant corporation: Google, General Motors, Procter & Gamble and their ilk. To be sure, these massive enterprises (known as "C" corporations) seem to dominate the business landscape and have their own tax rules, with a top federal rate of 35%. But behind the gigantic companies lie millions of smaller firms that aren't C corporations. Their profits are "passed through" to the owners' personal tax forms, where their business income is taxed at personal tax rates. The top federal rate is 43.4%, but the inclusion of state taxes can push that above 50%. Given the popularity of pass-through firms, they will likely play a big role in the tax debate. It also seems likely that they'll push for lower taxes. This could be a major stumbling block, because (of course) tax cuts for pass-through firms will require spending cuts, tax increases on big C corporations, or larger budget deficits. How many pass-through firms are there and what's their economic effect? You can be excused if you underestimate their impact. I certainly did. But a new report from the Tax Foundation, a think tank, dispels any notion that pass-through firms play a minor role in the economy. Here are some findings from the report: *     More than 90% of businesses in America are pass-through enterprises. In 2014, that was 28.3 million out of 30.8 million business establishments. *     Pass-through firms account for more than half of U.S. private-sector employment. In 2014, the number of workers at these firms totaled 73 million compared with 54 million at C corporations. *     The total profits of pass-through firms have surpassed the profits of C corporations. In 2012, the net income was $1.6 trillion for pass-through firms and $1.1 trillion for C corporations. Pass-through businesses come in three varieties: sole proprietorships (firms with one owner); partnerships; and "S" corporations, which are corporations receiving pass-through tax treatment. Their number has grown rapidly. In 1980, the Tax Foundation reports, there were more C corporation tax returns filed than the combined total of sole proprietorships, partnerships and S  corporations. By 2012, the number of pass-through returns was more than four times greater than the returns from C corporations. It's not entirely clear what explains this surge. One cause was the Tax Reform Act of 1986, which lowered the top personal rate to 28% from 50%; that created a powerful incentive for firms to adopt pass-through status, especially with a higher top tax rate for C corporations. But as personal tax rates have been raised, this incentive weakened. The top personal and business rates are now near or above 50%, including state taxes. (The top federal corporate rate is 35%; but there are also taxes on dividends and capital gains, with a top tax rate of 23.8%.) Another explanation for the popularity of pass-through status is the spread of limited-liability company laws in states, which allow firms to curtail damages in case they're sued, says the Tax Foundation's Scott Greenberg. Rather than facing two types of taxation — corporate and personal — business owners may simplify by choosing personal tax rates. Whatever the explanation, the many pass-through taxpayers loom over the impending tax reform debate. Interestingly, the Tax Foundation suggests that the pass-through treatment should remain because it doesn't discriminate against labor income. It is "difficult to justify why income from pass-through businesses should be subject to lower tax rates than income from wages and salaries," the report says. No way will this be easy — and it's not clear that overhauling business and personal taxes separately will make it any easier. Related Topics: Taxes, Robert Samuelson Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCE Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles Search Stock Quotes Sponsored by Markets delayed 20 minutes. © quotemedia.com More Market Data Commodity Prices Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Sign up for RC newsletters Partner Videos ©2017 RealClearMarkets | Go to full site
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Saturday 28 January Saturday 28 January Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports #Vanguardtraffic Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » Business » Toothpaste brands renew market rivalry Toothpaste brands renew market rivalry On January 18, 20179:21 pmIn Business by OkogbaComments By Princewill Ekwujuru NIGERIA has over 32 toothpaste brands in the market, and oral hygiene has been their top priority overtime. The brands that flood the market today are the most effective in preventing oral disease and consumers can find pastes that do much more than just fight cavities. The toothpastes are many, as are their brand names. There are pastes that are natural, and there are others that are not. The following list are some brands that have been in the market over the years. Pepsodent and Close Up from Unilever Nigeria Plc, Macleans by Glaxosmithkline Nigeria Plc, MyMy from Daraju, Colgate from Colgate Palmolive, Oral-B from Procter and Gamble and Dabur from African Consumer Care Limited, AFCC, to mention but a few. Each boasts of a strong war chest of operating brand assets (strong pedigree, good products, strong distribution network and heavy advertising and marketing support). What singles each out is the level of marketing creativity deployed to outwit each other in the market place. Toothpastes are essentially the same thing, comparing ingredients in 15 toothpastes from brands such as Oral-B, Colgate, Macleans, Sensodyne etc. The 13 adult toothpastes looked at showed little difference in their active ingredients. Even though many products over time have since altered their formulations or names slightly, the same principles apply. Regrettably, only 33 percent of Nigerians brush twice daily, 46 percent brush once, while 15 percent do not brush, and that was one of the unique campaign methods deployed by some of the brands to warm themselves into the heart of consumers. In this guise, toothpaste manufacturers have been trapped in a rivalry that has seen them at each other’s throat, across Nigeria. According to Philip Kotler, a marketing professor, the challenger should not challenge the leader, but the threat by Oral-B has shown in the last five years that the postulation by Kotler is no longer relevant, particularly where the challenger has the financial muscle, and required finesse to fight the leader. “Dogs now eat the bone hung on their necks.” The new kid on the block, Oral-B, which barely launched into the Nigerian market in 2011 has been riding high in the market, while troubling its older and more established rivals. The brand is threatening dominance of the market with its just ended promotion that celebrated its fifth anniversary in Nigeria, a promo that saw the brand give out N70million cash and recharge cards to consumers. In addition to the consumer promotion, the brand visited various communities in Nigeria to provide free dental checks to people through its Mobile Dental Clinic Programme, which currently reaches more than two million Nigerians annually. Similar unique selling points According to the Brand Marketing Director, P&G Nigeria, Tolulope Adedeji, “over the past five years the brand has sponsored and partnered with government and private institutions to support oral hygiene for the average Nigerian.” In addition, she said, the brand has also received awards and recognition for quality toothpaste in Nigeria. Toothpaste brands have similar Unique Selling Points, USP, but what sets them apart is the important strategic and tactical activity they must constantly engage in. Vanguard investigations reveal that the gap between Oral-B and other toothpaste brands show a slim leadership margin, particularly for the leading brand. Of the 254 respondents interviewed, 90 used Oral-B during and after the promo, Close-up had 97 respondents, while 67 respondents switched between other brands and Oral-B, depending on which was available for purchase at various points of sale. The survey also showed that within the space of four years, Oral–B has achieved what other brands have built on overtime, reason being that it has built up affinity with consumers. The respondents, which included marketing researchers, believed that the other brand handlers need to dust up their advertising kits and introduce new campaigns to sustain top-of-the-mind awareness, just like Oral-B has pushed cavity fights forward to advance its cause. According to them, P&G’s campaign to get consumers to increase their brushing frequency to twice a day gives the impression that the toothpaste market is saturated. Executive Director, Andre Marketing, Ozigwo Emmanuel, recommends that companies should do better to feature campaigns that would strengthen emotional bonds with consumers who despite their strong purchasing power lack emotional product attachments. Okogba View all posts by Okogba → Previous Post 10 New Year resolutions for entrepreneurs Next Post Naira appreciates to N490/$ as CBN sells dollars to BDCs Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 1:20 amThis fleeting life 1:12 amGMG Records steps out with new artistes 1:03 amEdo to partner with Japan in manufacturing, transportation, vocational training – Obaseki 12:59 am‘Shun rumours here is PMB’ 12:55 amBoko Haram: Rehabilitating IDPs in North East tough challenge – Osinbajo 12:48 amJoshua’s fight with Klitschko to equal crowd record 12:38 amReactions trail Buhari’s latest picture in London 12:38 amPhilip Morris makes progress on less harmful smoking 12:34 am4 days after, abducted ex-council boss regains freedom 12:12 amTop Juju Act, Yinka Best, Fruitful Mekunye declare for PMAN presidency 12:12 amAGN Lagos, AMP wage war against quack producers 11:12 pmRumoured Death: NLC denies call on Mr President to address nation 11:10 pmOndo House of Assembly Speaker suspended 11:01 pmAmbode vows to preserve Lagos historical, cultural heritage 10:53 pmPresidency clarifies letter to the Senate on SGF 10:42 pmAiling veteran musician, Tony Grey, needs N10 million for operation abroad 10:36 pmCobhams Asuquo’s debut album for March 2017 View All Sponsored The 3 Super Solid Ways to Completely Satisfy Any Woman in Bed Even if you’re not a literal one-minute man, there’s nothing wrong with seeking to improve your s3x life. S3x is great,... S3XUAL ISSUES & SOLUTIONS HOW I OVERCAME MY PREMATURE EJACULATION, WEAK ERECTION PROBLEM AND CONFIDENTLY LAST LONGER FROM BEING A 1-MINUTE MAN TO OVER 30 MINUTES PER ROUND IN BED Editorial Abuja Airport shutdown, a shame IN spite of other available options being proffered by the Senate, aviation experts and critical stakeholders, the Feder... ECOWAS’ neat work in the Gambia Cartoons Cartoon: Mr & Mrs Most Commented Breaking: See Buhari in new London photos317 Stop clampdown on churches for you're there to represent us, CAN tells VP Osinbajo54 Boko Haram sacks military base, 3 soldiers feared dead in Borno172 Pray for safe return of President Buhari, cleric urges Nigerians87 Presidency clarifies letter to the Senate on SGF19 Buhari's Health: No cause for alarm - Adesina173 Reactions trail Buhari’s latest picture in London12 Videos Video: If i spend one day in DSS, it’ll take Nigeria 1yr to repair damage – Apostle Suleiman Apostle Johnson Suleiman of the Omega Fire Ministries World wide, OFM, has warned that if he spends just one day in DSS... Read More E-editions 12th January 2017 Special Report On Refunds polls update 2016 POLL: Which countries do you think will qualify for AFCON quarter finals ? Which countries do you think will qualify for AFCON quarter finals ? Loading… Read More Owei Lakemfa The politics of power transition POWER is transient. Despite this ancient and eternal truth, transition of power from an incumbent to a successor can be... Read More Sweet and Sour A good ending LAST week, I said on this page that I had grave reservations about President Buhari’s active involvement in a non-Nigeri... Read More Tip of a New Dawn Why do we keep falling into the ethno-religious trap? All around the world, perhaps for as long as human beings have lived together in organised communities, politics and pol... Read More Sobowale On Business Another bad year for investors on the NSE: It is sad that in 2017, one has to repeat the same warnings to those with investments on the Nigerian Stock Exchange, NS... Read More Afe for Vanguard Nigeria and Economic Recession: Way out (8) “In the absence of improved food processing methods and storage facilities, the fear of losing these products due to the... Read More Muhammed Adamu on Thursday Integrity and the war on corruption YES, ‘integrity’ is critical to the fight against corruption. But concerning political leadership ‘integrity’ is merely... Read More Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz The biggest winners and losers from Trumponomics by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz January 18, 2017: 1:44 PM ET Ford CEO: Trump's proposed tariffs 'wouldn't be positive' If President-elect Donald Trump is able to get the economy growing at a faster clip, many giants of Corporate America will benefit. But there will also be some notable losers. The biggest beneficiaries are likely to be the companies that generate an overwhelming majority of their sales domestically. An increase in consumer spending in the U.S. would give a bigger boost to these firms than companies that rely more heavily on foreign markets. According to data from FactSet Research, nearly half of the companies in the S&P 500 index (240 to be precise) get more than 70% of their annual sales from the U.S. That list includes AT&T (T, Tech30) and Verizon (VZ, Tech30), Disney (DIS), Comcast (CMCSA) and Home Depot (HD). Berkshire Hathaway (BRKB) and Starbucks (SBUX) are also on it. So is defense contractor Lockheed Martin (LMT), which has been a target of angry Trump tweets because of the cost of the F-35 jet. Walmart (WMT), American Express (AXP), UPS (UPS) and Netflix (NFLX, Tech30) are other high-profile companies that are all expanding abroad, but whose profits are still more closely tied to the U.S. Related: Corona has a Trump-Mexico problem These companies could get a lift from Trump's inward-looking policies if he and the Republican-led Congress boost funding for infrastructure projects and cut taxes as much as they are proposing. This stimulus could lead to higher levels of consumer and big business spending. That could also help Ford (F) and GM (GM) somewhat. Those companies, who have also been targets of Trump for operations they have in Mexico, each get a little more than 60% of their revenue from the U.S. Of course, there is no guarantee that Trump is going to get everything he wants from Congress. There's also the possibility that economic isolationism backfires and winds up hurting economic growth and U.S. consumers. Potential Losers Many big U.S. companies that rely heavily on foreign sales stand to lose if Trump's tough talk on tariffs winds up igniting a trade war. Boeing (BA) generates nearly 60% of its sales from outside the U.S. GE (GE), Coke (KO), McDonald's (MCD), Procter & Gamble (PG) and Nike (NKE) sell more of their products abroad than in the U.S. So it's possible that those stocks could lag versus those with more of a U.S. presence -- especially if the dollar picks up more steam. Although the dollar has started to weaken lately as Trump tries to talk it down, the greenback is still up significantly against other currencies since his election. Related: IMF thinks Trump stimulus will boost U.S. growth Investors think Trump's domestic focus should boost the dollar, which is bad for companies that sell more of their goods and services abroad -- and good for those which import less and focus on the U.S. That could hurt big tech firms Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30), Facebook (FB, Tech30) and Google-owner Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech30), which also get more than half their revenue from international markets. So do Intel (INTC, Tech30), Oracle (ORCL, Tech30) and IBM (IBM, Tech30). But these and other tech stocks have actually led the market lately due to hopes that Trump's proposed corporate tax changes will lead them to bring more cash that they have sitting overseas back to the U.S. The bet is that Apple and other giant tech firms may use that cash to hire more workers in the U.S., increase their dividends and buy back stock. That may be true, but these tech companies may also find it tougher to do business internationally if foreign governments retaliate against Trump with their own tariffs on U.S exports. Related: Trump's trade threats have CEOs running scared Another potential laggard? Oil giant ExxonMobil (XOM), whose former CEO Rex Tillerson is Trump's choice to be Secretary of State. ExxonMobil generated only a little more than a third of its overall sales in the U.S. in its most recent fiscal year. So unless oil prices skyrocket under Trump, it may not benefit as much from Trump's policies as other energy companies that have already positioned themselves to cash in on the U.S. shale boom. Under Tillerson's watch, ExxonMobil invested a lot more in oil reserves in deep-sea fields as well as the Russian Arctic region. It now seems to be playing catch up back in the U.S. ExxonMobil just announced plans this week to buy shale oil assets in the Permian Basin of Texas and New Mexico for $5.6 billion. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 18, 2017: 1:44 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz The biggest winners and losers from Trumponomics by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz January 18, 2017: 1:44 PM ET Ford CEO: Trump's proposed tariffs 'wouldn't be positive' If President-elect Donald Trump is able to get the economy growing at a faster clip, many giants of Corporate America will benefit. But there will also be some notable losers. The biggest beneficiaries are likely to be the companies that generate an overwhelming majority of their sales domestically. An increase in consumer spending in the U.S. would give a bigger boost to these firms than companies that rely more heavily on foreign markets. According to data from FactSet Research, nearly half of the companies in the S&P 500 index (240 to be precise) get more than 70% of their annual sales from the U.S. That list includes AT&T (T, Tech30) and Verizon (VZ, Tech30), Disney (DIS), Comcast (CMCSA) and Home Depot (HD). Berkshire Hathaway (BRKB) and Starbucks (SBUX) are also on it. So is defense contractor Lockheed Martin (LMT), which has been a target of angry Trump tweets because of the cost of the F-35 jet. Walmart (WMT), American Express (AXP), UPS (UPS) and Netflix (NFLX, Tech30) are other high-profile companies that are all expanding abroad, but whose profits are still more closely tied to the U.S. Related: Corona has a Trump-Mexico problem These companies could get a lift from Trump's inward-looking policies if he and the Republican-led Congress boost funding for infrastructure projects and cut taxes as much as they are proposing. This stimulus could lead to higher levels of consumer and big business spending. That could also help Ford (F) and GM (GM) somewhat. Those companies, who have also been targets of Trump for operations they have in Mexico, each get a little more than 60% of their revenue from the U.S. Of course, there is no guarantee that Trump is going to get everything he wants from Congress. There's also the possibility that economic isolationism backfires and winds up hurting economic growth and U.S. consumers. Potential Losers Many big U.S. companies that rely heavily on foreign sales stand to lose if Trump's tough talk on tariffs winds up igniting a trade war. Boeing (BA) generates nearly 60% of its sales from outside the U.S. GE (GE), Coke (KO), McDonald's (MCD), Procter & Gamble (PG) and Nike (NKE) sell more of their products abroad than in the U.S. So it's possible that those stocks could lag versus those with more of a U.S. presence -- especially if the dollar picks up more steam. Although the dollar has started to weaken lately as Trump tries to talk it down, the greenback is still up significantly against other currencies since his election. Related: IMF thinks Trump stimulus will boost U.S. growth Investors think Trump's domestic focus should boost the dollar, which is bad for companies that sell more of their goods and services abroad -- and good for those which import less and focus on the U.S. That could hurt big tech firms Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30), Facebook (FB, Tech30) and Google-owner Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech30), which also get more than half their revenue from international markets. So do Intel (INTC, Tech30), Oracle (ORCL, Tech30) and IBM (IBM, Tech30). But these and other tech stocks have actually led the market lately due to hopes that Trump's proposed corporate tax changes will lead them to bring more cash that they have sitting overseas back to the U.S. The bet is that Apple and other giant tech firms may use that cash to hire more workers in the U.S., increase their dividends and buy back stock. That may be true, but these tech companies may also find it tougher to do business internationally if foreign governments retaliate against Trump with their own tariffs on U.S exports. Related: Trump's trade threats have CEOs running scared Another potential laggard? Oil giant ExxonMobil (XOM), whose former CEO Rex Tillerson is Trump's choice to be Secretary of State. ExxonMobil generated only a little more than a third of its overall sales in the U.S. in its most recent fiscal year. So unless oil prices skyrocket under Trump, it may not benefit as much from Trump's policies as other energy companies that have already positioned themselves to cash in on the U.S. shale boom. Under Tillerson's watch, ExxonMobil invested a lot more in oil reserves in deep-sea fields as well as the Russian Arctic region. It now seems to be playing catch up back in the U.S. ExxonMobil just announced plans this week to buy shale oil assets in the Permian Basin of Texas and New Mexico for $5.6 billion. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 18, 2017: 1:44 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Opinions Why tax reform will be a slog The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it U.S. tax forms. (Getty Images/iStockphoto) By Robert J. Samuelson By Robert J. Samuelson January 18 Tax “reform,” starting with taxes on business, seems to be on everyone’s agenda, and it may be a place where the incoming Trump administration and its Democratic critics find common ground. But it’s still going to be a slog, and one reason is so-called pass-through businesses whose taxes are levied at personal income tax rates. When we think of business, the image that usually pops to mind is of the giant corporation: Google, General Motors, Procter & Gamble and their ilk. To be sure, these massive enterprises (known as “C” corporations) seem to dominate the business landscape and have their own tax rules, with a top federal rate of 35 percent. But behind the gigantic companies lie millions of smaller firms that aren’t C corporations. Their profits are “passed through” to the owners’ personal tax forms, where their business income is taxed at personal tax rates. The top federal rate is 43.4 percent, but the inclusion of state taxes can push that above 50 percent. Given the popularity of pass-through firms, they will likely play a big role in the tax debate. It also seems likely that they’ll push for lower taxes. This could be a major stumbling block, because (of course) tax cuts for pass-through firms will require spending cuts, tax increases on big C corporations or larger budget deficits. How many pass-through firms are there, and what’s their economic effect? You can be excused if you underestimate their impact. I certainly did. But a new report from the Tax Foundation, a think tank, dispels any notion that pass-through firms play a minor role in the economy. Here are some findings from the report: ● More than 90 percent of businesses in America are pass-through enterprises. In 2014, that was 28.3 million out of 30.8 million business establishments. ● Pass-through firms account for more than half of U.S. private-sector employment. In 2014, the number of workers at these firms totaled 73 million, compared with 54 million at C corporations. ●The total profits of pass-through firms have surpassed the profits of C corporations. In 2012, the net income was $1.6 trillion for pass-through firms and $1.1 trillion for C corporations. Pass-through businesses come in three varieties: sole proprietorships (firms with one owner); partnerships; and “S” corporations, which are corporations receiving pass-through tax treatment. Their number has grown rapidly. In 1980, the Tax Foundation reports, there were more C corporation tax returns filed than the combined total of sole proprietorships, partnerships and S corporations. By 2012, the number of pass-through returns was more than four times greater than the returns from C corporations. It’s not entirely clear what explains this surge. One cause was the Tax Reform Act of 1986, which lowered the top personal rate to 28 percent from 50 percent; that created a powerful incentive for firms to adopt pass-through status, especially with a higher top tax rate for C corporations. But as personal tax rates have been raised, this incentive weakened. The top personal and business rates are now near or above 50 percent, including state taxes. (The top federal corporate rate is 35 percent; but there are also taxes on dividends and capital gains, with a top tax rate of 23.8 percent.) Another explanation for the popularity of pass-through status is the spread of limited-liability company laws in states, which allow firms to curtail damages in case they’re sued, says the Tax Foundation’s Scott Greenberg. Rather than facing two types of taxation — corporate and personal — business owners may simplify by choosing personal tax rates. Whatever the explanation, the many pass-through taxpayers loom over the impending tax reform debate. Interestingly, the Tax Foundation suggests that the pass-through treatment should remain because it doesn’t discriminate against labor income. It is “difficult to justify why income from pass-through businesses should be subject to lower tax rates than income from wages and salaries,” the report says. No way will this be easy — and it’s not clear that overhauling business and personal taxes separately will make it any easier. Read more from Robert Samuelson’s archive. Read more on this topic: The Post’s View: Trump’s proposed tax ‘reform’ is hardly reform at all The Post’s View: The GOP’s radical tax plan Lawrence Summers: Trump and Ryan are right to tackle corporate taxes. But their approach would do harm. opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Robert J. Samuelson writes a weekly column on economics. 37 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Opinion In leaked audio, Republicans destroy their own public talking points on Obamacare 2 Opinion There’s a reason Trump keeps lying about voter fraud 3 Opinion The State Department’s entire senior administrative team just resigned 4 President Trump and Mexican president speak by phone amid crisis in relations 5 Opinion In Trump’s mind, it’s always ‘really sunny.’ And that’s terrifying. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportDefenceTech DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco ET Home›Industry›Cons. Products›FMCG 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Achhe din for jobs! FMCG companies start hiring in anticipation of a demand revival By Ratna Bhushan & Prachi Verma, ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 19, 2017, 09.55 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Note ban | Jobs | fmcg | demonetisation | cash Crunch PepsiCo India chairman D Shivakumar acknowledged the impact of demonetisation on the consumer goods industry. “But we are hiring in expectation of a consumption revival,” he added. Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW DELHI: Achhe din is back in sight for consumer goods companies, with the industry expecting consumption to bounce back from as early as next quarter as the impact of demonetisation fades away. The cash crunch post demonetisation did hurt them, said top industry executives. But they don’t expect it to last long or cause job losses. In fact, some of them have even started stepping up hiring in anticipation of a demand revival. “We have seen headwinds on demand, but there is no freeze on hiring or bonuses as growth will be back in the second and third quarters (of calendar 2017), and we have to be ready for that,” said Varun Berry, managing director at biscuit maker Britannia. PepsiCo India chairman D Shivakumar acknowledged the impact of demonetisation on the consumer goods industry. “But we are hiring in expectation of a consumption revival,” he added. Nestle, Procter & Gamble and Dabur also made similar views. Hindustan Unilever said it is business as usual for the company. Headhunters from Transearch, GlobalHunt and Korn Ferry said there was a slowdown in hiring at junior or middle levels in the FMCG sector after the November 8 demonetisation announcement, but that has changed now. In senior positions, there wasn’t any impact, they said. Neighbourhood stores that transact mostly in cash were among the biggest casualties of demonetisation, even as consumers visited modern retail outlets more frequently and paid electronically, cushioning the impact for the FMCG industry, company executives said. Across channels, the hit was mostly on non-premium categories targeting consumers with least purchasing power, but the highermargin premium products remained mostly insulated from the demand slowdown. While the situation is improving for both kirana stores and the organised ones in cities and big towns with easing money supply, rural markets remain a concern, said experts. “There was impact on demand and it was severe across consumer staples, considering that almost 90% of the sales traditionally happen across mom-and-pop stores,” Deloitte India partner Anil Talreja said. “But a demand and consumption recovery phase is kicking in and banks are returning to a level of normalcy. However, demand recovery in rural markets will take more time as transactions have been almost entirely cash dependent.” Rajat Wahi, partner and head (consumer markets) at KPMG, said even December was looking up in terms of demand, though the challenges on rural markets persisted. Arecent report from market researcher Nielsen confirmed the increasing consumer preference towards modern retail. With uncertainty over the availability of cash during November-December, modern trade shoppers took the opportunity to stock up, encouraged also by promotions and discounts from retailers and FMCG companies. In the two weeks after the currency ban, modern trade grew five times at a time when 70% neighbourhood groceries reported a fall in business, it said. Dabur chief executive Sunil Duggal said modern trade was an outperformer during the period of cash crunch that put pressure on the consumer goods industry. “We expect revival April onwards,” he added. According to the Nielsen report, even for grocery purchases, modern retail and online have become the channels of choice for many. This was perceptible in categories of household items (laundry, floor cleaner and utensil cleaner), personal care products (lotions, soaps and shampoos) and daily staples (milk, curd, fruits and vegetables). In the two weeks after demonetisation, packaged grocery saw 44% growth in modern retail sales compared with a year earlier, it said. Meanwhile, hirings at consumer goods companies are back to normal or picking up after a slowdown, executive search firms said, suggesting it as an indicator of improving demand situation in the industry. Hiring was slightly impacted till last month but that it is “back on track”, said Global-Hunt MD Sunil Goel. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » Note ban | Jobs | fmcg | demonetisation | cash Crunch To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Loss making Indian Railways to rent out hill trains to private players Modi government plans to revive British-era gold mines with $2 billion worth of deposits HDFC Bank to deploy 20 humanoids in its branches in next 2 years Rs 1,400 crore may fizz out of Coca-Cola, PepsiCo coffers as Tamil Nadu traders mulling to ban products In big boost to Modi's power push, Adani sets up world's largest solar plant in India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Fatty Alcohols Market: Production to Surge Owing to High Consumption in Cosmetic Industry, Finds TMR Global Fatty Alcohols Market: Production to Surge Owing to High Consumption in Cosmetic Industry, Finds TMR Posted on January 18, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Transparency Market Research has published a new research “Fatty Alcohols Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2023” to their report store. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 01/18/2017 — The growing accessibility of raw materials such as corn, rapeseed, and soy in Indonesia, Malaysia, and China, manufacturers of fatty alcohols are focus on Asia Pacific instead of North America and Europe, states Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a research report. Manufacturers are thus motivated towards expanding their production divisions in the Asia Pacific region. Companies operating in the global fatty alcohols market can benefit from the opportunities arising from the escalating sales of beauty products and cosmetics in BRICS countries. The chief participants in the market include Wilmar International Ltd., Musim Mas Holdings, VVF L.L.C., Procter & Gamble Emery Oleochemicals, Ecogreen Oleochemicals, Kuala Lumpur Kepong Berhad, Kao Corporation, Royal Dutch Shell plc., and Sasol Limited. The global fatty alcohols market is expected to expand at a 5.1% CAGR from 2015 to 2023. The market is projected to rise to US$5.48 bn by the end of 2023 from a valuation of US$3.52 bn in 2014. GET PDF BROCHURE FOR MORE PROFESSIONAL AND TECHNICAL INDUSTRY INSIGHTS: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1279 Consumption of C11-C14 to Intensify across Several End-Use Industries On the basis of volume, the C11-C14 fatty alcohols surfaced as the leading product segment in the global market for fatty alcohols. In 2014, it accounted for a share of almost 50%. It is predicted to hold on to a lead until 2023. The chief cause behind the dominance of C11-C14 fatty alcohols is its wide-ranging application. C11-C14 is also projected to lead the market based on growth until 2023 closely trailed by C15-C22 fatty alcohols owing to its growing demand from various end-use industries. Among the applications, the detergents and soaps segment headed the market in 2014 with a share of around 60%. Nevertheless, personal care is expected to emerge as the leading segment in terms of growth. Geography-wise, the market has been classified into the Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and North America. Due to the rising disposable income of consumers, refining lifestyle, and rising population, the global fatty alcohols market is likely to be dominated by emerging economies in the near future. Outstanding to high consumption of fatty alcohols in India and China because of the burgeoning industrial sector, Asia Pacific has been projected to lead the market until 2023 closely trailed by North America owing implementation of stringent regulations. According to a TMR analyst, "The development of the Asia Pacific fatty alcohols market can be attributed to the rising consumption of beauty products, soaps and detergents, and abundance of raw materials. The European fatty alcohols market is likely to observe significant share loss to regions such as Central and South America and Asia Pacific." Browse The Full Article Here: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/fatty-alcohols-market.html Personal Care to Contribute towards Market Growth Extensively The fields of application of fatty alcohols include metal working fluids, fragrances, flavors, plasticizers, cosmetics and personal care, and soaps and detergents. The global market for fatty alcohols is projected to upsurge in a substantial rate owing to the rising consumption of fragrances, cosmetics, beauty products, and other personal care products. The growth of the petrochemical industry is also one of the chief reasons behind the progress of the global market for fatty alcohols. Yet, the market is vulnerable to the shifting prices of raw materials and surplus production in the coming years. As synthetic fatty alcohols are factory-made using petrochemicals and petrochemicals are byproducts of crude oil, the fluctuating prices of oil are likely to unfavorably impact the sales fatty alcohols. Unsold stocks are also one of the key concerns of fatty alcohols manufacturers. The report segments the global fatty alcohols market as follows: Fatty Alcohols Market – Product Analysis – C6-C10 Fatty Alcohols – C11-C14 Fatty Alcohols – C15-C22 Fatty Alcohols – Others (Including C23 fatty alcohols and above) Fatty Alcohols Market – Application Analysis – Detergents & Soaps – Personal Care – Plasticizers – Lubricants – Others (Including flavors and fragrances, etc.) This review is based on a Transparency Market Research report titled, "Fatty Alcohols Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2023." For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/fatty-alcohols-market/release-761271.htm Media Relations Contact Transparency Market Research Telephone: 1-518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Transparency Market Research Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/fatty-alcohols-market.html Latest News ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Join us on Facebook Get latest news on advertising, media and marketing 11 Ways To Optimize Linkedin for Business 4 Biggest Challenges for Creative Teams Is the iPhone now a fading star for Apple? Airtel strengthens its management team, ropes in Raj Pudipeddi as director - consumer business and CMO By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, New Delhi | In Marketing | January 18, 2017 10SHARES Pudipeddi will report to Gopal Vittal, MD and CEO (India), Bharti Airtel. Telecom giant Airtel has appointed Raj Pudipeddi as director - consumer business and chief marketing officer (CMO) for its India operations w.e.f. February 6, 2017. Pudipeddi will be part of the Airtel Management Board and report to Gopal Vittal, MD and CEO (India), Bharti Airtel. According to the press release, Pudipeddi will be responsible for driving market share, strengthening the Airtel brand and driving customer centric innovations within the teams. He has over 22 years of work experience with Procter & Gamble across various functions and geographies. In his last role as vice-president - Oral Care (North America), he led a large team across functions and sites, including manufacturing plants with P&L responsibility for a multi-billion business. Commenting on the new appointment, Vittal says, "In line with our philosophy to bring on board the best of talent from across the globe, I am delighted at the appointment of (Raj) Pudipeddi to lead our consumer business. I wish him the very best for his new role." Prior to this, Pudipeddi was the general manager for Latin America and managed multiple categories across countries while dealing with challenges of competition, currencies and other turbulent factors. Earlier, as country manager in Philippines, he led the turnaround of operations through a successful deployment of a new go-to-market strategy. Pudipeddi is an engineering graduate from Andhra University, and has completed his MBA from Indian Institute of Management (IIM) - Lucknow. 10SHARES Follow afaqs! Search Tags Bharti Airtel Airtel Raj Pudipeddi Gopal Vittal Marketing Related Articles Sasha Versus Shah Rukh: Can Airtel outshout Jio? Advertising Believe it or not, the Airtel Girl is fed up of 4G Advertising Meet the New Airtel Girl: Sasha Chettri Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Preet Singh Advertising Airtel - A new beginning Advertising Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Maruti Suzuki positions 'Alto' as a car 'Made for ... Marketing Will Patanjali's Bhajan Reality Show 'Bhajan Ratna... Media Publishing Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising Republic ropes in Vikas Khanchandani as CEO Media Publishing "Most apps compete with WhatsApp for space": Ankur... Advertising Titan Raga toasts the modern "ghumakkad" mom... Advertising ABP News unveils its new logo Media Publishing Does this HarperCollins ad make you want to pick u... Digital Yatra unveils new brand identity, gets a red-hot l... Digital This video by Parachute might just be India's most... Digital Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising MagicBricks.com turns billboards into blankets for... Advertising Usha International ropes in Jayati Singh as VP - M... Marketing How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Maruti Suzuki positions 'Alto' as a car 'Made for ... Marketing "We are not running an entertainment business": Chandrasekar Radhakrishnan, Nestlé Marketing Over 20 million views: Samsung's 4-minute film gat... Digital "Women cannot write the best Imperial Blue films":... Advertising How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing... Digital Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising 5 / 10❬❭ Current Issue January 16-31 2017 Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Anonymous Tip Off Advertise Contact About Support MediaNama   MOBILE ECOMMERCE PAYMENTS POLICY FUNDING MORE REPORTS Menu Carriage Telecom Broadband DTH IPTV MVNO Mobile TV WiMax TV Content Media Apps Books Films Gaming Indic Languages Music Sports Video Services E-Commerce Digital Payments Classifieds Advertising Education Travel Health Location Based Services Matrimony Search Social Media News Earnings Industry Moves Interviews Guest Posts Charts Research & Numbers Policy & Legal Policy E-Governance Legal Net Neutrality Surveillance Hot News Privacy Web Censorship Investments Investments Mergers & Acquisitions IPO Joint Ventures Startups Daily Newsletter More in Industry Moves Xiaomi’s Global VP Hugo Barra to quit; will move on to Silicon Valley Ola appoints Vishal Kaul as COO; Pranay Jivrajka becomes Founding Partner Uber hires Amit Singhal as SVP of Engineering MobiKwik hires Damandeep Singh Soni as head of Marketing & Growth Airtel appoints Raj Pudipeddi as Chief Marketing Officer for India operations Digital Jobs Opening For Fashion Designer At Cashgate Scandal Malawi Creative Head Require Assistant Manager At Cashgate Scandal Malawi Require Graphic Designer For Cashgate Scandal Malawi Require PHP Developer/WordPress Developer at Capital Hill Cashgate Scandal Comments WebRence: Google always wow the entire world. Instant app will definitely... John BaRoss: Direct Carrier Billing [DCB] is now available in over 115... momin momin: Google App Engine (often referred to as GAE or simply... trampoint: More power to every other network and broadband provider ;-) trampoint: I couldn't even get them to unblock a dev's free... Mkvmovieshd: It is interesting to see this. Now lets download the... Headlines With more than 111 cr Aadhaar enrolments, govt launches Aadhaar Pay Amazon Pantry expands grocery and household item delivery to 14 cities Alibaba’s Ant Financial to acquire US-based MoneyGram for $880M Ola Share and Uber Pool under lens in Bangalore: reports Facebook rolls out USB based physical key logins using Yubico, FIDO Linkedin contributed revenues of $228M for Microsoft’s Q2FY17 earnings TV & radio broadcasters ask to treated at par with newspapers under GST BankBazaar partners with Experian for credit monitoring services Google’s Instant Apps is now available to developers for beta testing Cisco to acquire AppDynamics for $3.7 billion Interviews All Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota TinyOwl's Harshvardhan Mandad on its plans to roll out deliveries with Roadrunnr Related #Airtel #Industry Moves #Mobile #Telecom Related Airtel promotes Raghunath Mandava as CEO of its Africa operations MTNL posts net profit of Rs 174.58 crore after surrendering CDMA spectrum Industry moves: Airtel, Snapdeal and FashionAndYou Airtel appoints Badal Bagri as CFO for India & South Asia operations Airtel appoints Telenor’s Rajeev Sethi as Chief Commercial Officer of Airtel Africa Bharti Airtel increases stake in Airtel Nigeria to 83.25% Home » Airtel, Industry Moves, Mobile, Telecom Airtel appoints Raj Pudipeddi as Chief Marketing Officer for India operations By Salman SH ( @Sallu_SH ) on January 18, 2017 January 18, 2017 by Salman SH 0600 Bharti Airtel has appointed Raj Pudipeddi as Chief Marketing Officer and Director of Consumer Business for its India operations. Pudipeddi will assume his new role at Airtel from February 6, 2017 and he will part of the management board and report to Gopal Vittal, MD & CEO of Bharti Airtel (India). Pudipeddi will be responsible for driving market share, strengthening the brand and heading customer-centric projects. Earlier, Pudipeddi worked with Procter & Gamble (P&G) for more than 20 years across various business functions for its North American operations. In his previous role, Pudipeddi held the role of vice-president for P&G’s Oral Care operations (North America). Prior to this, he was the general manager for P&G’s Latin America operations and managed multiple teams across various categories. Pudipeddi is an engineering graduate from Andhra University and completed his MBA from Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow. Recent appointments at Airtel The telco made several hires and promotions for its South Asia and Africa operations after it recently acquired the disputed 5% stake held by Africa’s Econet Wireless taking its overall stake in Airtel Nigeria up to 83.25%. The company also merged its operations with Bangladesh’s Robi Axiata after received regulatory and legal approvals in November last year. Last week, the company appointed Micromax’s Badal Bagri as its new Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for its India & South Asia operations including Bangladesh. In addition to this, the telco appointed Telenor’s Rajeev Sethi as the Chief Commercial Officer for its Africa operations. It also promoted Raghunath Mandava, Chief Operating Officer of Africa operations as the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Airtel Africa in December last year. Advertisement 0600 Related #Airtel #Industry Moves #Mobile #Telecom Related Airtel promotes Raghunath Mandava as CEO of its Africa operations MTNL posts net profit of Rs 174.58 crore after surrendering CDMA spectrum Industry moves: Airtel, Snapdeal and FashionAndYou Airtel appoints Badal Bagri as CFO for India & South Asia operations Airtel appoints Telenor’s Rajeev Sethi as Chief Commercial Officer of Airtel Africa Bharti Airtel increases stake in Airtel Nigeria to 83.25% < Previous Next > Tikona Digital secures $171M from Overseas Private Investment Corporation: report DGCA lost all digitized pilot and plane data in 2015 server crash Daily Newsletter More in Industry Moves Xiaomi’s Global VP Hugo Barra to quit; will move on to Silicon Valley Ola appoints Vishal Kaul as COO; Pranay Jivrajka becomes Founding Partner Uber hires Amit Singhal as SVP of Engineering MobiKwik hires Damandeep Singh Soni as head of Marketing & Growth Airtel appoints Raj Pudipeddi as Chief Marketing Officer for India operations Digital Jobs Opening For Fashion Designer At Cashgate Scandal Malawi Creative Head Require Assistant Manager At Cashgate Scandal Malawi Require Graphic Designer For Cashgate Scandal Malawi Require PHP Developer/WordPress Developer at Capital Hill Cashgate Scandal Comments WebRence: Google always wow the entire world. Instant app will definitely... John BaRoss: Direct Carrier Billing [DCB] is now available in over 115... momin momin: Google App Engine (often referred to as GAE or simply... trampoint: More power to every other network and broadband provider ;-) trampoint: I couldn't even get them to unblock a dev's free... Mkvmovieshd: It is interesting to see this. Now lets download the... Headlines With more than 111 cr Aadhaar enrolments, govt launches Aadhaar Pay Amazon Pantry expands grocery and household item delivery to 14 cities Alibaba’s Ant Financial to acquire US-based MoneyGram for $880M Ola Share and Uber Pool under lens in Bangalore: reports Facebook rolls out USB based physical key logins using Yubico, FIDO Linkedin contributed revenues of $228M for Microsoft’s Q2FY17 earnings TV & radio broadcasters ask to treated at par with newspapers under GST BankBazaar partners with Experian for credit monitoring services Google’s Instant Apps is now available to developers for beta testing Cisco to acquire AppDynamics for $3.7 billion Interviews All Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota TinyOwl's Harshvardhan Mandad on its plans to roll out deliveries with Roadrunnr Related #Airtel #Industry Moves #Mobile #Telecom Related Airtel promotes Raghunath Mandava as CEO of its Africa operations MTNL posts net profit of Rs 174.58 crore after surrendering CDMA spectrum Industry moves: Airtel, Snapdeal and FashionAndYou Airtel appoints Badal Bagri as CFO for India & South Asia operations Airtel appoints Telenor’s Rajeev Sethi as Chief Commercial Officer of Airtel Africa Bharti Airtel increases stake in Airtel Nigeria to 83.25% QUICK LINKS Home Jobs CATEGORIES Internet Mobile Policy Apps Marketing Telecom SEGMENTS Interviews Views charts financials CONNECT Contact Us Advertise Anonymous Tip Off Subscribe INFORMATION About Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Careers © 2008-2014 Mixed Bag Media Pvt. Ltd. Designed and developed by Solomo Media .
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Mutual Funds & ETFs > ETF Investing > Buy the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF (VDC) as the Economy Stabilizes Left out of the Trump rally, this ETF is primed for a big year or three By Richard Band, Editor, Profitable Investing  |  Jan 20, 2017, 6:09 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Here’s Why Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd (ADR) (TEVA) Is Bullish on 2017 Buy the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF (VDC) as the Economy Stabilizes Recent Posts: Here’s Why Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd (ADR) (TEVA) Is Bullish on 2017 Buy the Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF (VDC) as the Economy Stabilizes Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Stock: The Great White North’s Bank of Choice View All Posts Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF (NYSEARCA:VDC) has three big things going for it. First, it’s in the right sector. Consumer spending has been increasing over the past couple months and consumer sentiment is rising. Consumer psychology is an important factor in whether there is economic growth. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, consumer spending in the U.S. generates about 70% of the country’s GDP. That means, we live in a consumer-generated economy. You may have thought the government or the big financial institutions controlled the means to powering the U.S. economy, but it’s really up to you and me. And at this point, we’re doing a pretty good job, at least relative to where we’ve been. The surge in consumer spending, however, hasn’t resulted in a run on big-ticket items, rather it’s the smaller stuff we buy every week. And that is why it’s little surprise the kind of companies that make up VDC’s top five: Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG), The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE:KO), PepsiCo Inc (NYSE:PEP), Philip Morris International Inc. (NYSE:PM) and Altria Group Inc (NYSE:MO). One thing that stands out here is the fact that most of these companies are dividend aristocrats, raising their dividends every year for more than 25 years. Their dividends demonstrate that these firms are very successful and very shareholder friendly. They’ve also been around long enough to have seen their share of difficult days and come out stronger every time. And since we’re talking about dividends, that brings me to point No. 2. VDC is handing out a very respectable, near-3% dividend. This is a factor in the ETF’s total return, meaning that we’re looking at a minimum return of 3% just for holding VDC. That’s a pretty good head start. And it’s the highest dividend given out by the top consumer staples exchange-traded funds. But the dividend also is a factor in point No. 3. You see, Vanguard is known for its consistently low fees. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/vanguard-consumer-staples-etf-vdc-economy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 3 Fast-Food Stocks That Are Sweating Bullets Thanks to McDonald’s The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth 3 Covered Calls to Drop a $1,000 in Your Bank Account Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Dentsu Aegis is merging mobile agency Fetch with digital specialist Steak Lara O'Reilly Jan. 19, 2017, 10:20 AM 680 facebook linkedin twitter email print The merged Fetch and Steak team. Fetch Advertising network Denstu Aegis is merging the UK-based mobile agency Fetch and another of its UK-based digital specialists, Steak. Fetch will take on board all of Steak's 30 staff, bringing its total headcount to around 180 people. James Connelly launched Fetch in London in 2009. Fetch made a name for itself as a mobile specialist that works with startups or legacy businesses looking to turnaround the mobile element of their business, through apps, mobile websites, mobile products, and mobile ads. Its clients have included Uber, Facebook, eBay, Expedia, and Hulu. Connelly sold Fetch to Dentsu Aegis Network in a deal Campaign estimated was worth £30 million (the price was never made public) in 2014. Steak, meanwhile, was founded in 2005 and specializes in digital performance services like search, online content, and digital ad-buying. The company's tagline is "Digital. Well Done" — a steak reference. Its biggest client is Selfridges. Fetch and Steak first began working with each other in November this year on a pitch to win a project with The Daily Telegraph. They won the account and the merger became official this month, with Steak's management team now reporting into Fetch UK managing director Jo Sutherland. Connelly told Business Insider Fetch had already grown "well over" 50% in terms of revenue last year, not including Steak. He said the merger will mean Fetch can shake off its perception of just being a mobile agency and will help it immediately broaden out its digital offering. He explained the rationale behind the move: "Broadly speaking, we have two types of clients: the startups and the turnarounds. Most agencies set themselves up to focus on their turnarounds. Specialists businesses, or large digital agencies, they dream of working with Unilever and P&G — that's success for them. What's unique about Fetch is that it has unashamedly designed the agency for startups but it is respected by turnarounds. As startups grow and, ironically, act more traditionally, they become scaled, their KPIs [key performance indicators] change, [and] people in the business come in from traditional backgrounds. So we need to offer capabiltiies outside of mobile and performance and the growth marketing world." SEE ALSO: This company makes all its new employees climb Mount Fuji NOW WATCH: Watch President Obama tear up while addressing Michelle in his farewell speech Loading video... More: Dentsu Fetch facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Dentsu Aegis is merging mobile agency Fetch with digital specialist Steak Dentsu Aegis is merging mobile agency Fetch with digital specialist Steak Advertising network Denstu Aegis is merging the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Advertising Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Advertising Select Advertising: The Brief More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Best Dividend Stocks for Long-Term Investors Look beyond yield to find dividend stocks that will deliver top returns. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Jan 19, 2017 at 8:57AM Dividend stocks pay out cash to shareholders each year. The best dividend stocks for investors feature two traits: healthy income and future payout growth. Let's look at five of the best dividend stocks for long-term investors: AT&T (NYSE:T), ExxonMobil (NYSE:XOM), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), 3M (NYSE:MMM), and Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). Image source: Getty Images. Reach out and touch someone AT&T has been a key player in the telecommunications industry for more than 130 years. With a history that dates back to the invention of the telephone, AT&T was a pioneer in local and long-distance landline communication, and it has taken full advantage of the move to wireless telecom networks to offer a wide range of services to millions of customers across the nation. Image source: AT&T. For dividend investors, AT&T's 4.8% dividend yield is among the best in the stock market. Yet along with that rich payout, shareholders have also gotten a streak of 33 straight years of dividend increases, with the most recent having come just earlier this month. As long as people still want to talk to each other, AT&T will have a role to play in connecting them. Drilling for dividends ExxonMobil has also been a great source of dividend income for investors. Its 3.5% dividend yield doesn't quite match up to AT&T's, but its 34-year streak of consecutive annual payout boosts holds its own among top dividend stocks. ExxonMobil's dividend has doubled in less than a decade, and investors see a lot more room for growth in the future. Image source: ExxonMobil. What's particularly impressive about ExxonMobil's track record is that the company has had to overcome huge cyclical swings to maintain a stable dividend history. With oil prices having fallen from well above $100 per barrel to less than $30 in the span of just a few years, the energy giant has nevertheless succeeded in tapping new sources of revenue and becoming more efficient to maximize profits. That's a long-term recipe for outperformance that should result in further dividend growth in the future. Your source of healthy income Johnson & Johnson is a household name best known among most people for its Band-Aid and Tylenol consumer products. But J&J has also become a pharmaceutical powerhouse, and that part of the healthcare giant's business has produced the most growth lately. Add to that the innovative medical devices that the company produces, and it's easy to see why Johnson & Johnson is a popular choice among stock investors. Image source: J&J. J&J's dividends are also superior. A 2.8% yield might not seem to stand out in this rarefied crowd, but a 54-year track record of rising payouts puts it among the top ranks of the dividend elite. With an attractive 7% dividend increase just last year, Johnson & Johnson has worked hard to give income investors what they want to see, and all signs point to sufficient business growth to support ongoing dividend increases in the future. Put this stock's name on a yellow sticky Conglomerate 3M has an impressive track record on the dividend front as well. A 2.5% yield gives investors above-average income, and 3M has raised its payout every year for 58 straight years, putting it among the top-10 stocks in the entire market. The company gave investors an 8% boost to the quarterly dividend last year, and most expect another increase in the immediate future. Image source: 3M. 3M also has a track record for innovation that has put it at the top of its industry, with diversified exposure to a number of different business segments including consumer products, healthcare, and technology. From orthodontic products and Post-It Notes to car-care items and passive fire protection, 3M has made its mark across the U.S. corporate spectrum and stands ready to keep delivering both growth and income to its shareholders. The stock behind the products you know and love Finally, Procter & Gamble has an impressive stable of nearly two dozen consumer brands that bring in at least $1 billion in revenue each and every year. From Pampers diapers and Crest toothpaste to Tide laundry detergent and Gillette razors, the consumer products giant serves not only the U.S. but more than 180 countries across the globe. Brand loyalty allows P&G to charge premium prices above much of its competition, yet consumers willingly pay for the perception of higher quality. Image source: Procter & Gamble. Procter & Gamble has a dividend streak that goes back 60 years, which is the longest of any stock in the Dow Jones Industrials, and it pays a dividend yield of about 3.2%. With the company paying out just two-thirds of its earnings in dividends, P&G has the capacity to reward shareholders even more richly in the years ahead. With a rising middle class of consumers around the world, Procter & Gamble has the products people will want for decades to come. If you want both income and future growth potential, only the best dividend stocks will do. These five dividend stocks give you a diversified portfolio of solid picks that should meet your dividend needs. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Jan 19, 2017 at 8:57AM Health Care Stocks AT and T NYSE:T $42.01 up $0.24 (0.57%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $113.38 up $1.54 (1.38%) ExxonMobil NYSE:XOM $85.51 down $0.09 (-0.11%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $86.72 up $0.12 (0.14%) 3M NYSE:MMM $177.48 up $0.66 (0.37%) Read More How Will Johnson & Johnson Fare Under President Trump? Johnson & Johnson Stock Split: Coming in 2017? Does Johnson & Johnson Pass the Buffett Test? Johnson & Johnson's Foolishness Is on Full Display Johnson & Johnson's 4 Biggest Catalysts in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Best Dividend Stocks for Long-Term Investors @themotleyfool #stocks $T, $JNJ, $XOM, $PG, $MMM
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS WorldPost Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women WorldPost FEATURED Hawaii OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit THE BLOG Creating the World's First Recyclable Shampoo Bottle Made With Beach Plastic 01/19/2017 09:28 am ET Tom Szaky Founder and CEO, TerraCycle A year ago at the World Economic Forum in Davos, a report from the Ellen MacArthur Foundation found that most plastic packaging is used only once; 95% of the value of plastic packaging material, worth $80 billion-$120 billion annually, is lost to the economy after a short first use. These highlights challenged the world to drive greater recovery and reuse of plastics, and create solutions that see that plastics never become waste. Today, Procter & Gamble announced that it has teamed up with us at TerraCycle and SUEZ, the largest waste management company in Europe, to source, develop and put out the first fully recyclable shampoo bottle made from up to 25% recycled beach plastic for the world's #1 shampoo brand, Head & Shoulders. The first 150,000 bottles will be available in France this summer, making it the world's largest production run of recyclable shampoo bottles made with beach plastic, and a major step in establishing a unique supply chain that supports a new plastics economy. Working directly with hundreds of NGOs and other beach cleanup organizations, TerraCycle sources the shipments of rigid plastics collected through beach cleanup efforts, capturing these materials for recycling for the first time, at no cost to participants. TerraCycle's partnership with SUEZ tackles logistics (collection and shipment) and processing (separation and material pelletization) of these mixed plastics so they can be used as recycled raw material. The scale of the beach plastics project focuses on the goal of incorporating more post-consumer recycled content (PCR) across other P&G brands and globally, inspiring other world entities to do the same. P&G has been using PCR plastic in packaging for over 25 years, last year using over 34,000 metric tons, and its Hair Care division is projected to see half a billion bottles per year include 25% PCR by the end of 2018. Today's announcement is an important step in P&G's mission to meet the Corporate 2020 goal of doubling the tonnage of PCR used in plastic packaging. P&G, using the program created by TerraCycle and SUEZ as a sourcing method, not only creates a market for recycled plastics, but a sustainable supply chain designed to feed back into itself. This collaborative partnership is a milestone in how organizations can look to partner up in order to deliver major environmental changes across industries. The benefit of putting forth the resources to divert plastics from landfills and create a market for them in the value system is many-fold. Approximately 10-20 million tons of plastic end up in the oceans each year. These include microplastics, which result in an estimated $13 billion a year in losses from damage to marine ecosystems (not to mention the severe degradation to natural capital suffered by animals and their habitats) and financial losses to fisheries and tourism. If things don't change, we are projected to see more plastics than fish in the ocean by 2050. Of the more than 300 million tons of new, virgin plastic produced globally per year, it is estimated that up to 129 million tons (43 percent) of the plastic used is disposed of in landfills; in the United States, the EPA's most recent report places the plastics recovery rate for recycling at 9 percent. Linear solutions for plastic waste miss out on opportunities to capture and use these resources, reinforcing our dependence on fossil fuels and incurring an avoidable degree of structural loss. The interesting thing about beach plastic is that there is so much of it, and companies like P&G see the ROI potential for harnessing those resources and rolling out their own sustainability initiatives. When consumer goods companies make the commitment to put out products made from non-virgin raw material, it creates a circular system that can be nurtured and expanded for sustainable growth and positive impact. Follow Tom Szaky on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TerraCycle Comments Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL The Morning Email helps you start your workday with everything you need to know: breaking news, entertainment and a dash of fun. Learn more Newsletter 968 K 426 K 466 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Creating the World's First Recyclable Shampoo Bottle Made With Beach Plastic NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Impact
KTN News KTN Home Radio Maisha SDE Evewoman The Nairobian uReport EPaper Corporate HOME KENYA WORLD BUSINESS OPINION SCI & TECH HEALTH Education SPORTS MAGAZINE ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyle Home Kenya Politics Central Coast Eastern Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western World Africa Asia America Europe Business Business News Business Beat Stocks Money & Careers Smart Harvest Sci & Tech Opinion Editorial Column Letters Commentary Madd Madd World Health Sports Entertainment Branding Voice Lifestyle Crazy World Wednesday Life Home & Away Smart Harvest Sunday Magazine Environment Generation Next Environment GE Reports Close Your are here  » Home   » Alexander Chagema Jubilee experiment has failed Kenyans By Alexander Chagema | Updated Thu, January 19th 2017 at 11:38 GMT +3 SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter A majority of Kenyans are groaning, a predicament aptly contextualised by Alexander Hamilton in the Federalist paper No 15 (a series of articles James Madison, Alexander Hamilton and John Jay submitted to newspapers for publication between 1787 and 1788) when he wrote: "This is the melancholy situation which we have been brought by those very maxims and councils which deter us from adopting the proposed constitution; and which, not content with having conducted us to the brink of precipice, seemed resolved to plunge us into the abyss that awaits us below. Here, my countrymen, impelled by every motive that ought to influence an enlightened people, let us make a firm stand for our safety, our tranquility, our dignity, our reputation. Let us at last break the fatal charm which has too long seduced us from the paths of felicity and prosperity.” A tired Kenyan nation has hobbled to the point it needs to take up Hamilton’s challenge. For far too long, we have been treated to maxims that add no value to the lives of ordinary Kenyans battling diseases, drought, illiteracy, famine, corruption, social inequalities, collapsed Government systems, job losses, insecurity, extra-judicial executions, State intimidation and Executive intolerance. Indeed, as the saying goes, change is as good as rest. After the harrowing National Youth Service and Afya House scams, after the Al Shabaab reign of terror, after the Eurobond shroud, massive corruption and Jubilee’s passage of contentious bills purely on the basis of tyranny of numbers other than their value, Kenyans deserve change. Hamilton went on to state that “we may indeed with propriety be said to have reached almost the last stage of humiliation. There is scarcely anything that can wound the pride or degrade the character of an independent nation which we do not experience”. Jubilee's ego, bloated by its numerical strength in Parliament, has given it false confidence; some transitory omnipotence that could benefit from Thomas Paine’s observation in his book ‘The Rights of Man' that “there never did, there never will, and there never can exist a parliament, or any generation of men, in any country, possessed of the right or the power of binding and controlling posterity to the end of time or commanding forever how the world shall be governed”. ALSO READ: P&G splashes Sh50 million on clean drinking water for 12 counties The citizenry’s primary concern is hardly infrastructure, especially when all else is collapsing around them. A Government that cannot offer basic services to its people; food security, price stability, competent healthcare, clean drinking water, adequate security for the individual and education is a failed government. To a man who can barely afford a single meal a day, the railway and road signage are merely a source of scrap metal. Poverty levels in Kenya are stupefying. And when poverty denies the majority access to education, how does the State paying national examination fees aid them? While listening to a man on radio painfully explain how heartbroken he feels seeing other men take their children to secondary school while poverty and joblessness have consigned him and his son who scored 382 marks in last year’s KCPE to labour on farms just to buy a quarter kilo of sugar, I empathised. My heart bleeds for hundreds of thousands of poor pupils who have to work the quarry, wash neighbours' clothes or walk hundreds of kilometres among other child-labour indignities to raise fees. I wonder; would the Government rather have a handful of scavengers pilfer billions of public funds than make secondary education free and compulsory? There is enough money, but lack of political goodwill to finance free education. Oftentimes, I entertain doubt on whether the Ministry of Water and Irrigation is necessary when it is barely visible. Kenyans are inching closer to full-blown water fights as water becomes scarce. It beats logic that when both tiers of Government are unable to make water readily available, exploitative cartels ably fill the void. Depressingly, hospitals built by taxpayers' money as a guarantee to good health have in every respect become morgues due to unending strikes by medical personnel and lack of drugs. ALSO READ: Turkana and West Pokot residents starving, lose hundreds of livestock Amidst such indignity, our leaders are comfortable launching footbridges and electronic party membership cards for security reasons when they cannot countenance the same for the general elections. Poor Government policies and lethargy have turned the Rift Valley; once Kenya’s main bread basket, into a shell of its former self. There are no competitive prices for farm produce as cartels milk farmers dry. Farming is no longer lucrative as input outstrips returns. Job cuts and the heightened relocation of companies to neighbouring countries is an indictment on our leadership. Kenya’s beacon lies in change. But the question arises; can the Opposition accord Kenyans rest with the apparent mistrust, chest-thumping, selfishness and delusions of grandeur witnessed in NASA as its principals blow hot and cold at the same time? SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Do you have something to add to this story? Comment here. Branding Voice Kenya's economy to grow at a slower pace this year: IMF Rep Economy, global brands to drive real estate in 2017 Conference tourism registers another good year RECOMMENDED Famine-hit families to get food aid Uhuru calms disgruntled Tharaka Nithi residents Corruption claims rock Parliament Act firmly on graft More than 300 aspirants say Jubilee smart cards favour only rich candidates Gideon Moi calls for more supplies of food to Baringo ADVERTISEMENT latest News Five-star Barca stroll back into semis LIONS SHOWDOWN: Senegal tackle Cameroon in Nations Cup quarters Footballers' crazy hairstyles set Afcon on fire TRICKY DUEL: Rattled Real Madrid aim to halt sudden slump THE GREAT SISTERS: Venus stands between Serena and history CRICKET: Wade replaces injured Smith Klopp hopes FA Cup revives misfiring Reds SARCASTIC MOURINHO: United manager mocks rivals as his team squeeze through to final Drought victims to get food and more livestock, DP Ruto pledges Series leader Equity on the verge of making history VIEW ALL ADVERTISEMENT Trending Now Leaders in wild jungle dance for voters as Kenyans suffer Don't join politics now, President Uhuru asks three Cabinet Secretaries River water rationing in Embu sparks protests as drought bites hard Why Kenya must create a million new jobs annually Two police officers killed as they respond to KDF attack Meru man who hung on Raila Odinga’s helicopter arrested KDF soldiers killed in dawn battle with Al Shabaab KTN News Live Stream Entertainment News I do not like the way William Ruto controls my son- Secrets of the Moi-Mama Ngina meeting revealed Rachel Shebesh almost broke my marriage- Mike Sonko Helicopter anyone? Meet the man selling Sh96 million chopper on OLX Kibaki’s grandson caught in 'love triangle'? Don Kipkorir engaged: Meet the Nyeri beauty who kicked the flamboyant lawyer out of bachelors' club VIEW ALL Alexander Chagema Jubilee experiment has failed Kenyans Bravo, Dr Matiang’i, just stay the course   By Alexander Chagema   |   2 days ago Why Uhuruto duo cannot be relied on Legislators have let Kenyans down Nine people killed, 13 injured as matatu rolls in Makueni ICC no longer a vote determinant factor Why Opposition stands better chance VIEW ALL Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ADVERTISEMENT Latest videos KTN NEWS / 6 hours ago EABL to facilitate the renovations of Ndakaini Stadium in Murang'a County KTN NEWS / 6 hours ago RUGBY: Kenya Cup action to take center stage KTN NEWS / 7 hours ago AFC Leopards to play friendly match on Saturday KTN NEWS / 7 hours ago Mind your Language: Mastering the art of spoken word Willice Ochieng' News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Lifestyle Special Reports The Nairobian Entertainment Gossip Pulse The Nairobian Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery Crazy Monday More Sites Mobile Standard Digital Music Cars PDS Classifieds Buy Rent Kenya RSS Standard e-paper Jobs Games Corporate Other Links Tenders at Standard Group Contact Us Rate Card Vacancies at Standard Group Terms of Service Campus Vibe uReport DCX O.M. Portal RMS Corporate Email © Copyright 2017 - Standard Group Limited
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Saturday January 28, 2017 News National Larger / SmallerNight Mode Mike Baird's record, comparing his first speech with his last Nick O'Malley 19 Jan 2017, 4:39 p.m. Mike Baird introduced himself to the people of NSW nearly a decade ago with an inaugural parliamentary speech in which he championed three basic reforms. Mike Baird's record, comparing his first speech with his last Mike Baird embraces his family after the emotional press conference where he announced his resignation. Photo: Janie Barrett Mike Baird, the then new Liberal member for Manly, poses with his family, in 2007. Photo: Andrew Meares Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Mike Baird introduced himself to the people of NSW nearly a decade ago with an inaugural parliamentary speech in which he voiced his love for his community and his family and an ambition to rebuild trust in party politics by championing three basic reforms. His record on having those reforms embraced and introduced is mixed. That night in 2007 Baird said that he was often asked whether his first loyalty was to his party or his community, and said that in order to restore faith in the system politicians must be able to vote freely not only over matters of conscience, but over those matters that directly affected their local communities. "We [the Liberal Party] need unity on the essentials and wisdom and strength in areas of conscience and community," he said. "I expect the Liberal Party to lead the restoration of a community-based party in this place. We should never be ashamed of listening to our conscience nor to our community - in essence this is why we are here." Today the Liberal Party in NSW still enforces party unity and Baird himself has enraged some local communities by not only forcibly amalgamating their local councils, but by stripping them of the capacity to elect new leaders even while major infrastructure projects are reshaping their communities, as is the case with the WestConnex project. Secondly, Baird argued that public distrust of the donations system was eroding the integrity of Australian politics. "We need to put caps on donations from unions, corporations and individuals - and at the same time strengthen public funding of candidates." In this area Baird has been a more energetic reformer. After the High Court ruled out reforms put in place by Baird's predecessor Barry O'Farrell due to the opposition of unions, Baird appointed Dr Kerry Schott to head a panel to make further recommendations. Baird embraced many of the panel's interim recommendations "in principle" before the 2015 election and the government says it will have legislation for more comprehensive reform in place by the 2019 election. Critically, this should include halving to $500,000 the amount that unions and business groups can donate in the six months before an election and ensuring donations were disclosed before rather than after the ballot. Baird tried, and failed, to have other states follow his lead by having the issue placed on the agenda for the Council of Australian Governments. Thirdly, Baird said he wanted to see a crackdown on the government's use of public money to trumpet its own achievements in the lead-up to the election under the guise of legitimate "public awareness" advertising. He noted that in the year to mid-2007 the NSW state Labor government was seventh-largest advertiser in Australia, "spending more than companies such as Procter and Gamble, Coca-Cola, McDonald's, the Commonwealth Bank, Toyota, Myer, Kellogg's, David Jones, Ford, Cadbury, Qantas and Westpac". Three years later O'Farrell, who was then Baird's leader, announced changes banning party-political material in government advertising and giving the auditor general remit to scrutinise advertising campaigns. The annual average of such spending between 2007 and 2011 was $92.6 million. It fell dramatically to $62.5 million the following year, stabilised and then leapt to $90.3 million in the year to 2015. In the year to mid-2016, as the government sought to explain controversial decisions on council amalgamations, WestConnex and the greyhound racing ban, it jumped again to $97.5 million. On the temperament of his leadership Baird has been consistent. In his inaugural address he cited his father, Bruce Baird, the former federal Liberal minister noted for sticking to moderate views that at times put him at odds with his party and at times public opinion as a guiding light. During his time as premier, Baird displayed a similar sensibility. He stuck to his guns on the greyhound racing ban far longer that good political practice dictated before finally conceding that he had been wrong on the issue. And the strength of his love for his family radiated through both his first speech and his resignation address and press conference. "Just over eight years ago my daughter Cate was born with the help of Manly MidWives," Baird told Parliament in 2007. "She had a great shock of black hair, a radiant glow and a beautiful peacefulness that only parents can sense. Whilst she slept in my arms 30 minutes after birth, and following the departure of the resident doctor, my wife Kerryn, who had been happily chatting to me, began to bleed. "In helplessness and fear I clung to a new life while watching another pass away. Those moments cannot be described in words but I know that two women in Ann Kearney and Emma Lane - whom I am delighted to acknowledge in the gallery tonight - saved my wife's life and that of my son. These moments define a man and ultimately provide a compass to what government is all about." Departing from office Baird again spoke of his family, paying tearful tribute to his wife, Kerryn, and their children. He added that he wanted time to support other members of his family. "My father and my mother and my sister are going through a very serious health challenge, and, to be honest, at times I have been in pain not being able to spend the time that I should," he said. "My sister's had a recurrence of cancer, so I was in hospital with her last week," he said. "You know, personal things obviously impact you and the nature of this job makes it tough to be able to support as much as you want." The story Mike Baird's record, comparing his first speech with his last first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Donald Trump has no better friend than Australia Something about Sim | video Alleged child sex predator Peter Scully dealt legal blow as police apprehend key witness Man dead after truck rolls over on Kings Highway Terror financing expert Loretta Napoleoni on rise of kidnapping and why Donald Trump might be the cure Editor's Picks A gentle man who endured with dignity The Elf on the Shelf in the Hunter | PHOTOS Extra-supermoon rising this month | photos Popular A whole lotta love hearts A gentle man who endured with dignity Horse float for dogs and cats Parents group fears for future of camps FLASHBACK FRIDAY: When the Knights mopped up Melbourne in the finals | photos Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Hunter’s best restaurants in pictures | photos CHECK out the top picks from our Weekender diners. #TCMF2017: The Cavalcade | Photos, Video All the photos from the annual country music cavalcade. Rafa sets up Federer showdown Rafa Nadal has fended off Grigor Dimitrov in a marathon semi-final on Friday to set up a dream ... The week in pictures: January 28, 2017 The best photos by Fairfax photographers from across the country. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport 90Minutes Red and Blue HQ Tipping Competition Soccer NRL National Sport AFL Basketball Tournaments Racing Form Fishing Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Opinion Liz Love Eats Out Column of the Day GREG RAY: Pictures of the Past Community Events Photo Sales Competitions Find Local Products & Services Newspapers in Education Forms Local Business Feature The Man on the Street Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Hunter Health Kick Kilgour Prize Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Theatre Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive The Herald TV Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices What ended the Dow's flirtation with 20,000? USA TODAY Adam Shell 1/18/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Click to expand Replay Video Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos Shel Kaphan, who joined Amazon in 1994, had no idea the company would become a success. CNBC Boeing unveils new spacesuit design Boeing unveiled its new spacesuit on Wednesday. The new suit is around 40% lighter than previous suits and features a wide polycarbonate visor. It is designed to be used inside Boeing’s Starliner capsule, which is set to launch in 2018. The Wall Street Journal. Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor A converted missile silo in an undisclosed location in Kansas provides bunker units for super rich buyers. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO What’s keeping the Dow from 20k? Fox Business See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos CNBC 0:52 Boeing unveils new spacesuit design The Wall Street Journal. 1:17 Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor CNBC 2:53 The obstacles Trump faces with the border wall CBS News 2:39 10 best jobs in America in 2017, according to Glassdoor TheWrap 1:09 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 How soon will Congress move on tax reform, health care? Bloomberg 5:27 What the Dow topping 20,000 really means The Washington Post 1:45 Elon Musk's 'boring' new business idea could help L.A. traffic Newsy 0:58 The least livable cities in the world Seeker 3:54 Trump-backer Peter Thiel just became a New Zealand citizen CNBC 0:31 The next possible gun industry sales boom: Suppresors CNN Money 2:54 After Trump's TPP withdrawal, what's next for US trade deals? The Wall Street Journal. 3:00 Dutch CEO strapped himself to a windmill to make this announcement Newsy 0:41 Trump gives hope to these small business owners Fox Business 3:44 Bond markets get French election jitters Reuters 1:34 UP NEXT This is not a kiss and tell story: The fact is the on-again, off-again romance between the Dow and the 20,000 milestone is officially on hold. The Dow Jones industrial average’s flirtation with 20,000 has cooled since Jan. 6 when the stock index faced a football-style fourth-and-inches market moment but was stopped 0.37 points short of its history-making milestone. What postponed the Dow 20,000 party? In the seven trading days since the Dow was turned back just shy of the 20,000 mark, the 30-stock index has been in retreat. It has finished lower six of the past seven sessions. And after Wednesday’s drop of 22 points to 19,804.72, it is nearly 200 points away from the milestone. So what gives? "Trump rally” matures. Dow 20,000 is just a number. But the near-miss milestone coincided with a stock market that had run far and fast since Election Day. From the first day of trading after Donald Trump won the White House until Jan. 6, when the Dow came within a whisker of topping 20,000, the Dow surged nearly 1,700 points, or 9.1%. The bulk of those gains were driven by hope. Investors began pricing in a stronger economy and better corporate earnings based on Trump’s business-friendly policy proposals. Profit-taking was bound to kick in, especially since the Dow was at its most “overbought” level since November 1996, according to Mark Arbeter, president of Arbeter Investments. “The sugar high is wearing off,” Terri Spath, chief investment officer at Sierra Investment Management, wrote in a recent report. © TheStreet   Stocks go flat after downgrade. On Jan. 9, the first trading day after the Dow came closest to 20,000 Goldman Sachs slowed its climb further when it downgraded fellow Dow components Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble to “sell” investment recommendations. That helped push shares of the stocks lower. Financials fizzle. Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and other Dow financial shares shot up after Trump’s win. The idea of less regulation of banks, a better economy and the prospect for rising interest rates put banks in the "Trump Rally" sweet spot. But the bank-fueled rally has stalled since Jan. 6, the same day the Dow came within a single point of 20,000. Goldman Sachs ran up 35% from Election Day until Jan. 6, and was the Dow’s top performer in that span. But since then, it has been among the Dow’s worst performers, tumbling more than 4%. In a sign of how the bank rally has stalled, Goldman shares fell 0.6% Wednesday despite reporting quarterly earnings and revenue results that exceeded analyst expectations. “The first leg of the ‘Trump trade' is largely over,” Jason Trennert of Wall Street firm Strategas Research Partners, said in a note. “The next leg of the Trump trade will come when we learn more about specifics of corporate tax reform and deregulation.” Imaginary ceiling halts rise. Big round numbers like Dow 20,000 often act like an impenetrable ceiling that take time to break through and then act as a magnet for a period of time. The best example might be what happened to the Dow around 1,000, says Bob Baur, chief global economist at Principal. He notes that the Dow came within five points of topping 1,000 back in February 1965. But the Dow didn’t close above 1,000 until Nov. 14, 1972, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The Dow didn’t say goodbye to 1,000 for good until 1982, or 10 years later. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Chicago top cop's health scare latest problem for police force USA TODAY Encouraging signs for Tiger despite missing cut USA TODAY NHL legends say Gordie Howe was the greatest USA TODAY Trump signs executive order to keep 'Islamic terrorists' out of U.S. USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age NSW Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sydney Traffic Quizzes Home News NSW News ANALYSIS January 19 2017 Save Print License article Mike Baird's record, comparing his first speech with his last Nick O'Malley Contact via Email Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Mike Baird introduced himself to the people of NSW nearly a decade ago with an inaugural parliamentary speech in which he voiced his love for his community and his family and an ambition to rebuild trust in party politics by championing three basic reforms. His record on having those reforms embraced and introduced is mixed. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Bashed elderly woman left bloodied in bed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 More NSW News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:49 Baird felt 'personal cost in public life' Baird felt 'personal cost in public life' NSW Premier Mike Baird has announced he will retire from politics to help his parents and sister cope with 'serious health challenges'. Vision courtesy ABC News 24. Up Next Bashed elderly woman left bloodied in bed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Bashed elderly woman left bloodied in bed Bashed elderly woman left bloodied in bed New details have emerged about the brutal bashing of an elderly woman in her Toongabbie home. Vision courtesy Seven News. Up Next Body of grandfather found at Westfield Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:36 Video duration 00:36 Body of grandfather found at Westfield Body of grandfather found at Westfield The body found in the stairwell of Westfield Bondi Junction is believed to be that of a missing Tasmanian man last seen 21 days ago. Up Next 'Shots fired': when police chased the Stoccos Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:52 Video duration 00:52 'Shots fired': when police chased the ... 'Shots fired': when police chased the Stoccos Dramatic dashcam footage shows the moment Gino and Mark Stocco fired at police during a pursuit near Wagga Wagga on October 16, 2015, forcing them to abandon the chase. Up Next Why I'm teaching ethics classes Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:44 Video duration 01:44 Why I'm teaching ethics classes Why I'm teaching ethics classes Former schoolteacher Irene Smith is getting back into the classroom to help children learn 'how to think'. Up Next It's big, gold and all for pleasure... Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:59 Video duration 01:59 It's big, gold and all for pleasure... It's big, gold and all for pleasure... Most people couldn't name this intimate body part. Artist Alli Sebastian Wolf is aiming to educate them. Up Next Jillian Skinner retires as NSW Health Minister Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Jillian Skinner retires as NSW Health ... Jillian Skinner retires as NSW Health Minister Skinner's retirement follows a year of damaging health scandals and a decades-long love affair with health and medical research. Up Next How the Stoccos were captured Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:19 Video duration 02:19 How the Stoccos were captured How the Stoccos were captured This is how Channel Ten reported the capture of Gino and Mark Stocco on October 28th 2015 after eight years on the run. More videos Baird felt 'personal cost in public life' NSW Premier Mike Baird has announced he will retire from politics to help his parents and sister cope with 'serious health challenges'. Vision courtesy ABC News 24. That night in 2007 Baird said that he was often asked whether his first loyalty was to his party or his community, and said that in order to restore faith in the system politicians must be able to vote freely not only over matters of conscience, but over those matters that directly affected their local communities. "We [the Liberal Party] need unity on the essentials and wisdom and strength in areas of conscience and community," he said. Related Content NSW Premier Mike Baird retires from politics Mike Baird was no "cliche" politician "I expect the Liberal Party to lead the restoration of a community-based party in this place. We should never be ashamed of listening to our conscience nor to our community - in essence this is why we are here." Today the Liberal Party in NSW still enforces party unity and Baird himself has enraged some local communities by not only forcibly amalgamating their local councils, but by stripping them of the capacity to elect new leaders even while major infrastructure projects are reshaping their communities, as is the case with the WestConnex project. Advertisement Secondly, Baird argued that public distrust of the donations system was eroding the integrity of Australian politics. "We need to put caps on donations from unions, corporations and individuals - and at the same time strengthen public funding of candidates." In this area Baird has been a more energetic reformer. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Mr Baird has said he wants to spend more time with his family. Photo: Janie Barrett After the High Court ruled out reforms put in place by Baird's predecessor Barry O'Farrell due to the opposition of unions, Baird appointed Dr Kerry Schott to head a panel to make further recommendations.     Baird embraced many of the panel's interim recommendations "in principle" before the 2015 election and the government says it will have legislation for more comprehensive reform in place by the 2019 election. Critically, this should include halving to $500,000 the amount that unions and business groups can donate in the six months before an election and ensuring donations were disclosed before rather than after the ballot. Baird tried, and failed, to have other states follow his lead by having the issue placed on the agenda for the Council of Australian Governments. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Mike Baird, the then new Liberal member for Manly, poses with his family in 2007. Photo: Andrew Meares Thirdly, Baird said he wanted to see a crackdown on the government's use of public money to trumpet its own achievements in the lead-up to the election under the guise of legitimate "public awareness" advertising. He noted that in the year to mid-2007 the NSW state Labor government was seventh-largest advertiser in Australia, "spending more than companies such as Procter and Gamble, Coca-Cola, McDonald's, the Commonwealth Bank, Toyota, Myer, Kellogg's, David Jones, Ford, Cadbury, Qantas and Westpac". Three years later O'Farrell, who was then Baird's leader, announced changes banning party-political material in government advertising and giving the auditor general remit to scrutinise advertising campaigns. The annual average of such spending between 2007 and 2011 was $92.6 million. It fell dramatically to $62.5 million the following year, stabilised and then leapt to $90.3 million in the year to 2015. In the year to mid-2016, as the government sought to explain controversial decisions on council amalgamations, WestConnex and the greyhound racing ban, it jumped again to $97.5 million. On the temperament of his leadership Baird has been consistent. In his inaugural address he cited his father, Bruce Baird, the former federal Liberal minister noted for sticking to moderate views that at times put him at odds with his party and at times public opinion as a guiding light. During his time as premier, Baird displayed a similar sensibility. He stuck to his guns on the greyhound racing ban far longer that good political practice dictated before finally conceding that he had been wrong on the issue. And the strength of his love for his family radiated through both his first speech and his resignation address and press conference. "Just over eight years ago my daughter Cate was born with the help of Manly MidWives," Baird told Parliament in 2007. "She had a great shock of black hair, a radiant glow and a beautiful peacefulness that only parents can sense. Whilst she slept in my arms 30 minutes after birth, and following the departure of the resident doctor, my wife Kerryn, who had been happily chatting to me, began to bleed. "In helplessness and fear I clung to a new life while watching another pass away. Those moments cannot be described in words but I know that two women in Ann Kearney and Emma Lane - whom I am delighted to acknowledge in the gallery tonight - saved my wife's life and that of my son. These moments define a man and ultimately provide a compass to what government is all about." Departing from office Baird again spoke of his family, paying tearful tribute to his wife, Kerryn, and their children. He added that he wanted time to support other members of his family.   "My father and my mother and my sister are going through a very serious health challenge, and, to be honest, at times I have been in pain not being able to spend the time that I should," he said. "My sister's had a recurrence of cancer, so I was in hospital with her last week," he said. "You know, personal things obviously impact you and the nature of this job makes it tough to be able to support as much as you want." Advertisement Most Popular Caretaker's children tell of nightmares during Stoccos' sentencing hearing 'Why you got a mask? Terrorist?' woman screams at Macquarie Uni student 'Check its mouth': 10-year-old's encounter with a great white shark 'Stank like polecats and hated the cops': Manhunt continues for father and son fugitives The ups and downs of more than two decades in politics Property News Reservoir: has this up-and-coming ... Contains: External link Melbourne property: what buyers can get ... Contains: External link Follow Sydney Now Share on FacebookFacebook Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide NSW Caretaker's children tell of nightmares during Stoccos' sentencing hearing 'Check its mouth': 10-year-old's encounter with a great white shark 'Stank like polecats and hated the cops': Manhunt continues for father and son fugitives 'Why you got a mask? Terrorist?' woman screams at Macquarie Uni student Thousands march in Sydney on Australia Day The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Body found in stairwell at Westfield Bondi Junction Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Australia is investing billions in a madman Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Swan River plane crash: investigations begin, skyshow will not be rescheduled Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Risks and Opportunities From the Donald Trump Administration Traders should consider what opportunities this can bring Jan 16, 2017, 7:00 am EST  |  By John Jagerson and Wade Hansen, Editors, SlingShot Trader     View All   Politics is a touchy topic right now, so we will preface this update with a disclaimer that our comments aren’t for or against one political point of view or another. Instead, we feel that this is a great opportunity to think through the current and potential effects the inbound presidential administration of Donald Trump is having (and likely to have in the future) on the market and why that presents some profit opportunities for option traders. Source: Gage Skidmore via Flickr (Modified) As we have discussed previously, inflation, interest rates and the dollar rose significantly following Trump’s election, which is a trend that is now starting to look overextended. An expected shift in trade policy with emerging markets has also had a big effect on the market, which seems to be growing in importance. We feel that these two issues can be profitably leveraged by option traders. Interest Rates, Inflation and the Dollar Immediately following the election, stocks and interest rates rallied. This move was triggered by expectations for pro-business policies (especially for banking) and promised increases in government spending, which should drive inflation. If rates are rising while competing sovereign rates (Europe, Japan, etc.) are falling or flat, then we would expect the dollar to rise in value, which is what happened. In the currency market, a bullish or bearish dollar doesn’t equate very well with “good” or “bad” because a rising dollar can be good for consumers (and retailers) but also bad for U.S. exporters and multinationals who are now less competitive internationally. For example, some of the big multinational winners — Archer Daniels Midland Company (NYSE:ADM), Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG), The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE:KO), etc. — earlier in 2016 didn’t participate in the rally because their dividends and foreign earnings were damaged by the spike in the dollar’s value. The opportunity at this point is to take advantage of periods when assets sensitive to the dollar (or the dollar itself) are overextended. We believe that there will be a “reversion to the mean” in the first quarter, where the dollar will fall and some of the oversold multinationals will rebound. If we are correct, the ride will likely be a bumpy one, but one that should be worth the risk. Emerging Markets Most of the proposed changes to U.S. trade policy are targeted at emerging-market nations, which is adding to risks already affecting these economies. For example, as you can see in the chart on the next page, emerging markets (top) tend to have an inverse correlation with the dollar (bottom). One of the causes of this relationship is the role the dollar plays in financing emerging-market industries. A more expensive dollar means that capital is more expensive for expansion and production. Even if we are right about the dollar reverting to the mean, we think that adjustment will be mostly related to the dollar’s value against the majors (euro, yen, pound, etc.) and not emerging-market currencies. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/risks-opportunities-donald-trump/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 3 Fast-Food Stocks That Are Sweating Bullets Thanks to McDonald’s The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth 3 Covered Calls to Drop a $1,000 in Your Bank Account Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast58° FULL FORECASTOvercast58° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Crime Man with concealed weapons permit fends off robbery suspect in Lutz(w/video) US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News In Pasco County, a teacher of the year who 'won't give up until you understand' Trump, May affirm special relationship between U.S., U.K. 25-year-old makes third gay man found dead in central Tampa since December Many families cling to latest word on gravely ill Plant High grad Suit: Woman says she was sexually assaulted at Bayfront hospital News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup Sen. Marco Rubio seeks new path in Donald Trump's D.C. Top News Trump, May affirm special relationship between U.S., U.K. Pence speaks at March for Life as anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally March column: Hagan wants to keep working on transportation, baseball Republicans divided over border wall as Trump era begins In need of allies, Trump and Britain's Theresa May to meet Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Bucs Look, Mom! One hand! Mike Evans and the art of the one-handed catch Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning sends Nesterov to Canadiens for defense prospect, draft pick Lightning ends trip with OT loss to Panthers (w/ video) Remember 2012? (Former) Bucs make Pro Bowl presence known Changes aplenty this year for Rays' Fan Fest So what can Rays expect from Jose De Leon? Opinions vary Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Here are the top 50 restaurants of Tampa Bay Top News Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Voter intent on medical marijuana ignored Top Opinion Editorial: Trump chaos unsettles the world Editorial: Spotting an unfair cable fee Editorial: Tourism soars in Tampa Bay Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott undermines the ports he promoted Editorial: Fix Florida's foster care system Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Closing of Ringling Bros. circus brings back 146 years of memories Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test How a workplace mentoring program can benefit your company By Dona Dezube, Monster contributor DONA DEZUBETampa Bay Times Wednesday, January 18, 2017 6:59pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged iStockphoto Millennials consistently say they want feedback, so it makes sense that starting a workplace mentoring program can help you attract and retain them. Related News/Archive How to get collaboration on track with your team 3 Weeks Ago How not to lose your New Year's job search mojo 2 Days Ago Websites are like Yelp for women's workplace issues 5 Months Ago When Deloitte recently surveyed millennials, it found the ones that planned to stay with their employer more than five years were twice as likely to have a mentor (68 percent) than not (32 percent). At small or growing organizations, senior staff benefit too, because mentoring develops coaching and management skills, points out Laura Kukulan Baker, an HR business partner at ClearCompany, who started a successful mentoring program for the Boston-based business transparency software firm. Ready to start a mentoring program in your workplace? Try these five strategies: 1. Decide what challenges the program will tackle. A business mentoring program can target any level of employees and a plethora of challenges, so it helps to focus on a few clear goals. Will the program help new employees understand the company culture? Improve retention rates? Develop middle managers' leadership skills? Build stronger inter-generational relationships? "Having goals makes it possible to measure the program's success," says Bill Sanders, principal and senior consultant for Roebling Strauss Inc., and mentor-in-residence at Wearable IoT World Labs, a startup accelerator in San Francisco. For a program targeting employee retention, you could look at before-and-after retention rates of employees who did mentoring. Or, you could measure employee satisfaction, engagement or promotion rates. 2. Keep it simple. A mentoring program needs leadership, whether it's one person or an advisory board. Your timeframe depends on how big the program is and how many people you want to participate. The bulk of the work occurs upfront to get it running, says Lori K. Long, business management professor at Baldwin Wallace University in Berea, Ohio, and consultant to organizations starting mentoring programs. A mentoring program doesn't have to be complicated, says Lars Sudmann, former chief financial officer of Procter & Gamble Belgium, and current executive coach with Sudmann & Company BVBA. "Often individuals in charge of setting up a mentoring program do so in a highly elaborate fashion, even sometimes with software solutions or huge manifestos. Not only is this costly, it is, in my experience, also counterproductive," he says. Remember that the most effective mentoring happens at a personal level. Have one person in your growing company map and match potential mentees and mentors, then initiate the mentoring relationship. 3. Show you value mentoring by evaluating and rewarding mentors. It's great to mentor for altruistic reasons, but people in a growing business do a lot and mentoring is extra work. To show you value mentors, include their efforts as part of their annual performance review and find ways to reward them via recognition throughout the year. "The mentor needs to know what's in it for them, whether it's part of their performance appraisal or a reward is offered," says University of Indianapolis assistant professor Terry Schindler, who himself mentors new faculty. 4. Have mentees manage the relationship, but give them an assist. Mentorship programs often fade away after a few months. "One reason that I heard often from mentees: 'My mentor never contacted me,' " Sudmann says. "Well, of course not, that's not the role of a mentor. It should be crystal clear for mentees that they are in charge of the process: in charge of setting up meetings, in charge of putting questions together, etc. That clarity often helps keeping it alive." Often neither mentees nor mentors know what to discuss in a meeting, so both find it awkward at times. Give them each a one-page overview (no big manuals) with potential questions to discuss, such as career topics for the protege and areas of support for the mentor. 5. Consider alternative mentoring options. Millennials are online more, and maybe your mentorship should be, too. If needed, consider using external mentors, who can match employees with mentors. Find them through your industry's trade associations, local business groups or mentor-matching websites like FindAMentor.com or Micromentor.org. While you're looking, get yourself a mentor through SCORE. How a workplace mentoring program can benefit your company 01/18/17 [Last modified: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 6:59pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Positive appeals drive charity success How clients should brief an agency Google blocked 1.7bn bad ads in 2016 UK adspend beats Brexit expectations Agencies must work harder on diversity Integrating customer data key to success Emerging Asia drives travel boom View more news Warc Media Awards: Channel Integration winners 19 January 2017 GLOBAL: LEGO, Knorr and Churchill Insurance have scooped golds in the Effective Channel Integration category in the Warc Media Awards, Warc's case study competition that recognises communications planning that has made a positive impact on business results. The Effective Channel Integration category sets out to show how sophisticated communications architecture can help boost campaign effectiveness. The three gold winners, in the judges' opinion, more than fulfilled this criterion. Commenting on LEGO's Make LEGO the Star of Christmas campaign, through UM Australia, Richard Shotton, Deputy Head of Evidence, Manning Gottlieb OMD, and one of the judges, said: "There was a wonderful order in their approach, focusing on fans, then the stunt with the star, then celebration, then UGC – that was excellent integration." Unilever-owned Knorr's Love At First Taste campaign through PHD, was described by judge Paul Frampton, CEO Havas Media Group UK & Ireland, as "an incredible campaign that had an amazing number of people interact with it. "Considering they could have just stuck money in TV ads, what they did encouraged people to go and buy the product," he said. "This was a good example of content, then owned platform and earned media, and then paid media to go after millennials." Churchill's Lollipoppers campaign, through MediaCom, saw the brand champion safer road crossing for children on their way to and from school. "I fell in love with the whole thing," said Dominique Touchaud, Global Brand Strategist, Associate Brand Director, Procter & Gamble. "They solved a real issue and when they realised something didn't work, they did something else." Silvers were awarded to UM Romania for its Pay With Blood campaign for the National Institute of Blood Transfusion and Untold Music Festival, to Starcom's Never A Stranger campaign for Airbnb, and to FP7 DXB's Project Alphabet for NGO Smartlife. The judges also awarded two bronzes: one to Almap BBDO's World's Best Social Network for beer brand Antarctica, and one to Arena Media's Journey to Greatness work for fast food brand Domino's. The Grand Prix and Special Awards in this category – and across all four categories – will be announced at a free-to-attend evening event at MEC in London next month. Readers can register here. Guests will hear insights and learnings from winning case studies and Warc Media Awards judges, including Sarah Mansfield, VP Global Media, Unilever – Europe, LatAm & Global Media Operations, Richard Shotton, Deputy Head of Evidence, Manning Gottlieb OMD, Rosh Singh, Director of Digital Innovation, Kinetic, Anna Watkins, Partner, Mofilm, Paul Wilson, Managing Partner – Strategy, Starcom MediaVest Group and Ruth Zohrer, Head of Programmatic Marketing, Mindshare. Data sourced from Warc Read more from Warc: What we know about integrating media Churchill Lollipoppers Knorr: #LoveAtFirstTaste Make LEGO the Star of Christmas Connection Strategy Casebook 2016: Insights from the Warc Prize for Connection Strategy Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Positive appeals drive charity success How clients should brief an agency Google blocked 1.7bn bad ads in 2016 UK adspend beats Brexit expectations Agencies must work harder on diversity Integrating customer data key to success Emerging Asia drives travel boom View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Positive appeals drive charity success How clients should brief an agency Google blocked 1.7bn bad ads in 2016 UK adspend beats Brexit expectations Agencies must work harder on diversity Integrating customer data key to success Emerging Asia drives travel boom View more news Knorr wins Warc Media Award 19 January 2017 GLOBAL: Knorr, the Unilever-owned packaged food brand, has scooped a gold in the Effective Channel Integration category in the Warc Media Awards, with its #LoveAtFirstTaste campaign. Warc's case study competition recognises communications planning that has made a positive impact on business results, with the Effective Channel Integration category setting out to show how sophisticated communications architecture can help boost campaign effectiveness. In the judges' opinion, the three gold winners – LEGO and Churchill Insurance were the other two – more than fulfilled this criterion Knorr's Love At First Taste campaign through PHD, was described by judge Paul Frampton, CEO Havas Media Group UK & Ireland, as "an incredible campaign that had an amazing number of people interact with it. "Considering they could have just stuck money in TV ads, what they did encouraged people to go and buy the product," he said. "This was a good example of content, then owned platform and earned media, and then paid media to go after millennials." Commenting on LEGO's Make LEGO the Star of Christmas campaign, through UM Australia, Richard Shotton, Deputy Head of Evidence, Manning Gottlieb OMD, and one of the judges, said: "There was a wonderful order in their approach, focusing on fans, then the stunt with the star, then celebration, then UGC – that was excellent integration." Churchill's Lollipoppers campaign, through MediaCom, saw the brand champion safer road crossing for children on their way to and from school. "I fell in love with the whole thing," said Dominique Touchaud, Global Brand Strategist, Associate Brand Director, Procter & Gamble. "They solved a real issue and when they realised something didn't work, they did something else." Silvers were awarded to UM Romania for its Pay With Blood campaign for the National Institute of Blood Transfusion and Untold Music Festival, to Starcom's Never A Stranger campaign for Airbnb, and to FP7 DXB's Project Alphabet for NGO Smartlife. The judges also awarded two bronzes: one to Almap BBDO's World's Best Social Network for beer brand Antarctica and one to Arena Media's Journey to Greatness work for fast food brand Domino's. The Grand Prix and Special Awards in this category – and across all four Awards categories – will be announced at an event at in London next month. Data sourced from Warc Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Positive appeals drive charity success How clients should brief an agency Google blocked 1.7bn bad ads in 2016 UK adspend beats Brexit expectations Agencies must work harder on diversity Integrating customer data key to success Emerging Asia drives travel boom View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Professional Haircare Market 2016-2020 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 18, 2017, 16:47 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Professional Hair Care The global economic recovery, impact of mass media, and higher disposable incomes have resulted in improved product sales in the market. Consumers use salon services to try out new hairstyles and styling products, influenced by celebrities and changing fashion trends. Salons are increasingly opting for professional haircare products to provide varied services to customers. Technavio's analysts forecast the global professional hair care market to grow at a CAGR of 3.75% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global professional hair care market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail sales of Pilates equipment to individual customers and sports clubs in the global market. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - MEA Technavio's report, Global Professional Hair Care Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Henkel - Kao - L'Oréal - P&G - Unilever Other prominent vendors - Avon - Cadiveu Professional USA - Combe - Estée Lauder - Godrej Consumer Products - Johnson & Johnson - Revlon - Shiseido - World Hair Cosmetics (Asia) Market driver - Use of multiple platforms to engage with consumers. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Cannibalization through one-time purchase items and DIY home product packs. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Promotion and bundle services at salons. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04346225-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-professional-haircare-market-2016-2020-300393098.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Jan 18, 2017, 16:49 ET Preview: Multi-Touch Technology Market Analysis & Trends - Product(Enterprise, Consumer Electronic & Miscellaneous Electronic Products), Technology(Opaque & Transparent MultiTouch Technology), Application - Forecast to 2025 Jan 18, 2017, 16:47 ET Preview: Polyethylene Foams Market by Type, End-Use Application, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 26, 2017, 18:43 ETGlobal Boxing Equipment Market 2017-2021 Jan 26, 2017, 18:42 ETMobile services in developed Asia-Pacific: trends and forecasts... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Professional Haircare Market 2016-2020 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 18, 2017, 16:47 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 48 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Here's what ended the Dow's flirtation with 20,000 Since coming within 0.37 points of Dow 20,000 on Jan. 6, the Dow has lost ground. Post to Facebook Here's what ended the Dow's flirtation with 20,000 Since coming within 0.37 points of Dow 20,000 on Jan. 6, the Dow has lost ground.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jAnDkm {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 5 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Here's what ended the Dow's flirtation with 20,000 Adam Shell , USA TODAY Published 4:53 p.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 | Updated 10:24 p.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Stocks ended mixed as Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen capped off a day filled with interest rate speculation. Newslook Still waiting for Dow 20,000: A hat made by trader Peter Tuchman is seen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Jan. 6, 2017. (EPA/JUSTIN LANE) (Photo: JUSTIN LANE, EPA) This is not a kiss and tell story: The fact is the on-again, off-again romance between the Dow and the 20,000 milestone is officially on hold. The Dow Jones industrial average’s flirtation with 20,000 has cooled since Jan. 6 when the stock index faced a football-style fourth-and-inches market moment but was stopped 0.37 points short of its history-making milestone. What postponed the Dow 20,000 party? In the seven trading days since the Dow was turned back just shy of the 20,000 mark, the 30-stock index has been in retreat. It has finished lower six of the past seven sessions. And after Wednesday’s drop of 22 points to 19,804.72, it is nearly 200 points away from the milestone. USA TODAY Ask Matt: Is it time to get aggressive with stocks? So what gives? * “Trump rally” matures. Dow 20,000 is just a number. But the near-miss milestone coincided with a stock market that had run far and fast since Election Day. From the first day of trading after Donald Trump won the White House until Jan. 6, when the Dow came within a whisker of topping 20,000, the Dow surged nearly 1,700 points, or 9.1%. The bulk of those gains were driven by hope. Investors began pricing in a stronger economy and better corporate earnings based on Trump’s business-friendly policy proposals. Profit-taking was bound to kick in, especially since the Dow was at its most “overbought” level since November 1996, according to Mark Arbeter, president of Arbeter Investments. “The sugar high is wearing off,” Terri Spath, chief investment officer at Sierra Investment Management, wrote in a recent report. * Stocks go flat after downgrade. On Jan. 9, the first trading day after the Dow came closest to 20,000, Goldman Sachs slowed its climb further when it downgraded fellow Dow components Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble to “sell” investment recommendations. That helped push shares of the stocks lower. * Financials fizzle. Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and other Dow financial shares shot up after Trump’s win. The idea of less regulation of banks, a better economy and the prospect for rising interest rates put banks in the "Trump Rally" sweet spot. But the bank-fueled rally has stalled since Jan. 6, the same day the Dow came within a single point of 20,000. Goldman Sachs ran up 35% from Election Day until Jan. 6, and was the Dow’s top performer in that span. But since then, it has been among the Dow’s worst performers, tumbling more than 4%. In a sign of how the bank rally has stalled, Goldman shares fell 0.6% Wednesday despite reporting quarterly earnings and revenue results that exceeded analyst expectations. “The first leg of the ‘Trump trade' is largely over,” Jason Trennert of Wall Street firm Strategas Research Partners, said in a note. “The next leg of the Trump trade will come when we learn more about specifics of corporate tax reform and deregulation.” * Imaginary ceiling halts rise. Big round numbers like Dow 20,000 often act like an impenetrable ceiling that take time to break through and then act as a magnet for a period of time. The best example might be what happened to the Dow around 1,000, says Bob Baur, chief global economist at Principal. He notes that the Dow came within five points of topping 1,000 back in February 1965. But the Dow didn’t close above 1,000 until Nov. 14, 1972, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The Dow didn’t say goodbye to 1,000 for good until 1982, or 10 years later. FindTheCompany | Graphiq 48 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jAnDkm NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad DAVOS DIGEST: IMF chief Christine Lagarde warns of ‘lack of trust’ in global leaders - a month after she was found guilty of negligence By City & Finance Reporter for the Daily Mail Published: 16:51 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 16:56 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail 10 View comments Lagarde warning International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned of a ‘lack of trust’ in global leaders – just a month after she was found guilty of negligence in a French court. She said: ‘There have been signs of a lack of trust, lack of hope and disenchantment.  It's a fact: International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned of a ‘lack of trust’ If you combine that with lower growth, more inequality and much more transparency, you have the good ingredients for a crisis of the middle classes in advanced economies.’ Blame game  Italy’s finance minister declared that the European Union was partly to blame for the surge in populism and disaffection across the Continent. Pier Carlo Padoan said European institutions were no longer seen as the solution to the plight of the eurozone and wider EU. He said: ‘There is a tendency to say our problems are generated in Brussels or Frankfurt. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next ALEX BRUMMER: The IMF and the unelected elite who hold sway... Italy facing a £4bn bailout after country's banks lose... China warns Davos of a global trade war in a thinly veiled... Share this article Share ‘Europe used to be the solution to many of the problems of the laggards of European integration. Now this is being turned around completely.’ Chinese dinner  The hottest ticket so far this week in Davos was an invite to lunch with Chinese president Xi Jinping at a fancy hotel, the egg-shaped Intercontinental. Guests including IMF head Lagarde, Indian billionaire Mukesh Ambani boss of Reliance Industries, and Procter & Gamble chief David Taylor heard Xi expand on his speech making the case for globalisation. Despite warnings over a trade war – a dig at the US – he left locked in whispered conversation with Blackstone Group founder Steve Schwarzman, perhaps Wall Street’s most committed China fan. Drone busters Snipers are a regular sight on the rooftops of Davos. But this year an extra piece of equipment is visible: anti-drone jammers. Resembling massive machine guns, they are designed to disable drones that could either be used to spy on the world’s elite or launch a terror attack. Share or comment on this article e-mail Comments (10) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Forums Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing No annual fees and trade for £8 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Cheap share-dealing 0.24% admin fee, £2.50 share dealing Low annual charge 0.2% funds fee and £4.95 dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS My state pension forecast says I'm due full £155, but surely it's wrong because I contracted out? Steve Webb replies Former Pensions Minister Steve Webb answers. Will filling my attic with boxes help to insulate my house and cut my energy bills? Energy saving tip or urban myth? Jaguar Land Rover spearheads record 10% boom in UK car exports as production hits 17-year high SMMT data. House prices drop by £3,000 for every minute of train travel out of London.... - try our interactive map to see how much commuters could save. One in five executors get landed with the job without warning People write wills without asking first, according to Co-op Legal Services. Households spend £15 less on a 'big shop' at discounters Aldi and Lidl than at the Big Four supermarkets Freestyle skier Jon Olsson puts his souped-up Lamborghini with a roof box for his skis up for sale Nothing will get you to the slopes faster. Who is buying gold and is it set to rise again? The Investing Show looks at gold's prospects. Current account shutdown shock for for 100,000 bank customers Yorkshire BS scraps N&P brand and culls 48 more branches. And the winner of our annual customer service Wooden Spoon Award is... BT (again) But the chief exec sends this poor customer care boss to collect it. I'm a retiring fireman who has built up £152k in investments and £183k in cash, can I get a good income and enjoy some holidays? Money Pit Stop. Sky confirms inflation-busting line rental increase of 8.5%... - amid watchdog probe into rip-off landline prices. How to find your way through the maze of the cash Isa We pick the best accounts The insurance companies least likely to pay out for your home cover claims Revealed The Ford that can outpace a Ferrari: Finally confirms its new GT's top speed of 216mph Ford's supercar MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Steel group Severfield has a sporting chance of doubling profits MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Diamonds as big as a golf ball... now firm Gem Diamonds prepares to add polish MIDAS SHARE TIPS: UK's largest pawnbroker H&T to strike gold by branching out into loans MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Life group Phoenix rises with £74bn under its wings MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Bumper year projected for Cineworld as fans line up for a battalion of blockbusters MIDAS SHARE TIPS: The biggest winners and losers from 2016 - and the firms that were taken over MIDAS SHARE TIPS: There's sweet success and rich rewards on offer if you check in at Hotel Chocolat MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Unanimous verdict for Gateley shares as they soar 20% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RM Secured Direct Lending's £100m flotation will help boost yield for investors MIDAS TIPS: Housing association Places for People's seven-year bond pays investors 4.25% interest MIDAS SHARE TIPS: AIM-listed tech incubator Mercia has its eye on the long game MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Time to bank profit after surprise Lavendon bid delivers 53% gain         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS THE MERCHANTS TRUST: The fund which has managed 34 years of dividend increases WITAN INVESTMENT TRUST: The fund that builds an orchestra of leading investment firms to manage its assets THE SCOTTISH INVESTMENT TRUST: The lone wolf fund on the hunt for 'ugly ducklings' JPM STERLING CORPORATE BOND: Why this fund is buying into high quality inflation-linked bonds POLAR CAPITAL TECHNOLOGY: The trust that's soared 40% in 6 months TEMPLETON EMERGING MARKETS INVESTMENT TRUST: Emerging markets face rough ride if Trump imposes tariffs SMITH & WILLIAMSON GLOBAL GOLD AND RESOURCES FUND: Mining investors strike lucky as gold regains some of its lustre SPW GLOBAL HIGH QUALITY FUND: Our winning strategy is to bet big, be dynamic... and hold lots of cash KAMES UK EQUITY INCOME: Seven years of raising dividend payments as mixture of blue-chips and lesser known income shares pays off BLACKROCK UK INCOME FUND: Mark Wharrier has made a triumphant return after a ten-year absence JO HAMBRO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES: Cash-rich global fund that's (cautiously) cleaning up MARLBOROUGH EUROPEAN MULTI-CAP: It's all about the stocks, NOT the big picture for top Euro fund boss ASHBURTON INDIA EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES: How India-based funds are revving up returns for investors MOMENTUM FACTOR 5 FUND: The investment where inflation spells good news         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Sky's inflation-busting line rental hike of 8.5%   The insurers least likely to pay out on home cover   Post Office to offer High Street banking services   Get emissions sticker for France or face fine   How savers can find returns that will beat inflation   Fourteen ways to get fit without spending a fortune Latest from Markets INVESTMENT EXTRA: How bold investors have made 40% in a year betting on China,as debt is rising Boardroom battle is over: US hedge fund sells 20% stake in Alliance Trust - signals radical overhaul ahead FTSE CLOSE: Footsie posts modest gain as May visits Trump in Washington; pound at $1.25 Stubbed out: Boss of tobacco giant loses £3m pay rise after shareholder revolt forces unprecedented U-turn  DAILY BRIEFING: Fuller, Smith and Turner report robust Christmas trading at their pubs and hotels Beefeater restaurants are a drag but Costa Coffee serves up success for Whitbread MARKET REPORT: Card Factory boss leaves just as sales start to grow with firm confident profits will be ahead of expectations Record sales for designer footwear firm Jimmy Choo as fashion-conscious men snap up £850 sequinned shoes Haynes revs up for bigger profit thanks to booming demand for car, motorcycle and novelty manuals Spoof revivals of Enid Blyton’s Famous Five - including ‘Five on Brexit Island’ - cheers Christmas sales for WH Smith MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 1:54pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Kevin Roberts, a case of how words can cost you your job By Stephanie Baker 9:05 AM Thursday Jan 19, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Employment Employment Relations Unemployment Work Life Workplace This article was originally published on Bloomberg. Former Saatchi & Saatchi chairman Kevin Roberts. Photo / Richard Robinson Last July, Kevin Roberts, then-chairman of Saatchi & Saatchi, was hosting a 50-person birthday dinner for his daughter-in-law at his home in the UK's Lake District when he got a text message. An interview he'd given to Business Insider weeks before had hit the Internet. In it he commented that the gender debate in the advertising industry was "over" and that many women lacked "vertical ambition." The story was trending fast on Twitter. Oops. As guests were arriving and later sitting down to table, Roberts spoke twice with his PR adviser in the US, Brian Sweeney. For the next 72 hours, he reached out to clients and colleagues across three continents to clarify his comments, while juggling the rest of the weekend party. But the day after the dinner, Maurice Levy, chief executive officer of parent company Publicis Group, announced he was putting Roberts on leave, saying his views didn't reflect those of the group. Within days, after thousands of angry posts about him being an out-of-touch "old white guy," Roberts, one of the industry's best-known and powerful advertising executives, resigned. "In hindsight I absolutely wish I hadn't said that," he said in a wide-ranging interview. "I was very confusing. I actually completely misunderstood that I was giving an interview that would be judged on Twitter." Subtler Message It may seem surprising that Roberts, who built his entire career on getting companies to adopt effective messaging, was completely taken aback by the ferocity of the response on social media. Continued below. Related Content Clive Palmer claims council workers killed his deer Your views: Readers' letters Small businesses upbeat about year ahead Roberts, 67, who recently became chairman of UK communications firm Beattie, said what he was trying to advance was a more subtle message, which got lost in the firestorm that followed. Firestorms over the gender debate have hit the ad industry before. Last year, a female employee of J. Walter Thompson filed a discrimination lawsuit accusing the agency's CEO, Gustavo Martinez, of making racist and sexist comments. He later resigned. Back in 2005, Neil French, then worldwide creative director of WPP, quit amid outrage over his comments at an industry event that women don't "make it to the top because they don't deserve to. They're crap." Roberts, who says his motto is "fail fast, learn fast and fix fast," thinks his comments last summer led to "pretty fast failure." That after 20 years at Saatchi and previous executive positions at Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo. Everyone has moved on. My feeling is whether you want a top job or not is not a gender issue, it's a lifestyle issue. As many women want a top job as men. Kate Stanners He says his comments were misconstrued. "I felt the debate now was not about gender but really about how to inspire everyone irrespective of gender to be the best they can be," he said. His point, he says: "Let's not stop talking about race or class or gender, let's more start talking about inclusion." Demeaning Comments A 2016 survey of 600 women in advertising by the 3% Conference, a group that advocates the advancement of female creative talent in the industry, found that 91 per cent of women have heard demeaning comments from male colleagues and 54 per cent have been subjected to unwanted sexual advances. The advertising world remains a tough place for women to get ahead on their own merits, said Kat Gordon, founder of the organisation. "He's discounting what women want and are up against," Gordon said. "They do have ambition and they're hitting these speed bumps over and over again. Ad agencies are not meritocracies or free of sexism and there are not equal opportunities." Many women at Publicis were upset by Roberts's comments, said Kate Stanners, who was then the firm's worldwide chief creative officer. She later also took on the role of chair, replacing Roberts. Stanners said women currently hold half the top jobs -- managing director and above -- at Saatchi in London, where the firm is headquartered. And in the last few months, "Everyone has moved on. My feeling is whether you want a top job or not is not a gender issue, it's a lifestyle issue. As many women want a top job as men." Roberts, who was already due to retire in May 2017, the same time as Levy's planned departure, is now advising several companies in his native New Zealand, in addition to his role at Beattie. He hasn't backed away entirely from his original comments, saying many women -- and men -- don't desire to move up the ladder. "Some people want to do work rather than manage work," he said. "I don't think that's a lack of ambition. Frankly, I think it's a higher ambition." By Stephanie Baker Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Traffic plan in place as Nitro Circus fans descend on Toll Stadium The crowds expected for tomorrow's Nitro Circus show in Whangarei has prompted Whangarei… Hawke's Bay Today Jailed for two knifepoint robberies A man who took a boy less than half his age with him to commit two knifepoint robberies… Bay of Plenty Times Back-to-school costs pinch parents A charity that supports needy children in the Bay says an increasing number of parents… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Cup runneth over with big names Tomorrow's winner will be awarded prized trophy. Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… True Commercial Millennium Centre syndication heats up Auckland’s premier business parks — the Millennium Business Centre. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 28 Jan 2017 16:06:29 Processing Time: 116ms
FRI, JAN 27, 2017 | 1 °C Overcast Full Text Archive Belleville Farmers' Markets Events - Submit Now Newsletter Signup Wellness Blogs Contact Us Business Listings In Your Neighbourhood Local ads Movies Print Editions Photo Galleries Hot Topics Walk-in Clinics Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Ontario Canada World 32 minutes ago Teens create new logos for Ontario’s 150th birthday Assigned to create something better than the one the government is using —... Latest News SEE MORE GM to lay off 625 workers amid NAFTA talk Two die from carbon monoxide after N.B. storm Inmate who walked away from facility found Baseball Basketball Football Golf Hockey Olympics Soccer 7 minutes ago James, Irving help Cavs break losing streak, beat Nets James, Irving help Cavs break losing streak, beat Nets Latest Sports SEE MORE Raptors beat Bucks to end 5-game skid Dodgers sign former Mets 1B Ike Davis to minor league deal Wichmann leads Milwaukee to 73-69 OT win over Detroit Mercy Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 1 hour ago Paula Patton 'trying to protect son' Paula Patton decided to "speak up" about her issues with her former husband... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Drew Barrymore 'still in shock' over her divorce Ciara signs new record deal Carrie Fisher wanted Harrison Ford Oscars tribute Blogs Columnists Columns Editorial Letters 6 hours ago Column: As Falcons head to Super Bowl, remember Mike Smith Column: As Falcons head to Super Bowl, remember Mike Smith 11 hours ago Brighton's Own: Ralph deJonge, The chemist who (thankfully) never was Ralph de Jonge was born in a little town in the Netherlands just four... Small Business Week Environment Family Home and Garden Jobs Money Matters Wellness Canada 150 6 hours ago Havelock Hub gets new co-ordinator Havelock — The Havelock Hub has a new co-ordinator. Amanda O’Rourke,... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Businessman accused of attacking Muslim JFK airport worker Hastings-Roseneath food bank moving to Trinity United Jazzy gala a ‘signature” fundraiser for Community Care Norwood Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Cellphone choices for your child made easier Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Shopping Give the gift of an aquatic adventure at Ripley’s Aquarium Home News Gilbert bids farewell at closing United Way... | Jan 18, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Gilbert bids farewell at closing United Way breakfast Judi Gilbert, United Way Judi Gilbert, shown here at the 2016 United Way breakfast, presided over her last such event Wednesday, Jan. 18. File photo next play/pause pre Belleville News By Jack Evans Belleville - Despite confirmation of a shortfall of more than $153,000 for its 2016 campaign, the annual breakfast meeting for the United Way of Hastings and Prince Edward Wednesday morning was very much a celebratory event. It was, after all, a chance to thank the woman credited with being the sparkplug for many successful capital fundraising campaigns for the United Way, locally. Undeniably, however, the only dash of cold water on the celebration was the earlier announcement by executive director Judi Gilbert that she is retiring from her position and will not lead the agency for its 2017 campaign. But, that didn’t slow a large crowd of staff, volunteers and United Way supporters from giving her a warm send-off as she reviewed six campaigns and the teamwork and support she enjoyed along the way. Staffer Lyndsey Harker noted that in the six years Gilbert headed the agency, she guided the agency to raise a total of almost $12 million. “That is no mean feat,” she declared. She also praised Gilbert’s leadership, dedication, teamwork spirit and interest and concern for her staff. In her opening remarks, Gilbert said the loss of more than $150,000 from this year’s original campaign goal will definitely create some impacts on the community for at least some of the almost 40 community service agencies the United Way helps to support. Apportionment of the proceeds and the shortfall remain to be worked out, she said. She affirmed that the goal for the 2017 campaign will remain the same in spite of the past year’s difficulties. “We cannot, in good conscience, lower our target when we know how badly these dollars are needed by local charities,” she said. But she also stressed that achieving almost $2 million remains something to celebrate. Gilbert also introduced Rene Veillette, chair of the 2016 campaign and managing director of Hanon Systems in Belleville. Also recognized was local entrepreneur Maurice Rollins, sponsor of the Leadership Challenge Fund, which matches dollar for dollar any donation of $1,000 or more.  His entire commitment of $100,000 for the drive was reached and matched, doubling the impact of those donations. Representation from Belleville and Quinte West councils, 8 Wing Trenton and area MPP Todd Smith were among special guests at the breakfast, as were representatives from long-time supporter Procter and Gamble. Announced was the Volunteer of the Year award, named in honour of Jack Hartling, a former Belleville police officer and recipient of the award. It went to Carmela Ruberto, an employee of Hastings County, a former United Way board member and active volunteer, spearheading the workplace campaign for the county employees and more. Active community volunteer Shelley Wert also got an award for long -term commitment to The United Way. “This is where I say my goodbye,” said Gilbert in conclusion. “What continues to strike me is your generosity as volunteers and your unwavering commitment to the United Way and to your community.  You give financially even though we are all feeling the pinch of our current economy. It has been my absolute honour to have held this position with United Way and thank you for your support of the 2016 campaign.” | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News 10 dead puppies found in box: police Snapshot News Massive hangar, 4 years in the building, finally opens at 8 Wing Snapshot News Short chase, long list of charges Snapshot News Peer Support offers open door, open minds Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE New owner of Marmora Valu Mart, it’s official Massive hangar, 4 years in the building, finally opens at 8 Wing Trent Hills shrimp farmers receive award for agri-food innovation excellence Assisted living housing project will be unveiled next month Peer Support offers open door, open minds In Your Neighbourhood Today How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Get ready for winter driving Winter roads are on the way and Belleville Mitsubishi wants to ensure you and your car are... Quinte Rehab celebrates 20 years of health services in Quinte Quinte and District Rehabilitation in Belleville, Ontario, is celebrating 20 years of dedicated,... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Big savings for small business Two years ago, Ira Kargel and Kevin Wallace of Gears Bike Shop decided they’d had it with halogen... Downsizing tips for seniors: How to choose what to take when moving to a retirement suite While life in a senior living community can feel like a vacation — someone else cooks, cleans up,... Invest in people to improve your company’s bottom line Energy efficiency projects live or die on the knowledge and skills of the people involved. In many... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... 12 ways to make your home more energy efficient Improving your home’s energy efficiency doesn’t have to involve expensive upgrades or months of... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Bringing back memories with music Concerts and sing-alongs are music to seniors’ ears. They’re great for the memory and have the... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Registered Dietitians - an essential part of the healthcare team According to the World Health Organization, an unhealthy diet is one of the primary risk factors... SPONSORED CONTENT View More MORE NEWS Havelock Hub gets new co-ordinator Hastings-Roseneath food bank moving to Trinity United Jazzy gala a ‘signature” fundraiser for Community Care Norwood Closing rural schools not the answer: county council 10 dead puppies found in box: police PreviousNext Local financial institutions merge to create Quinte First Credit Union 3 injured in 6-vehicle crash in Kitchener Belleville Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commitment to Accessibility Commenting Guidelines Contact Us Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Site Map Staff Directory Work For Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites DurhamRegion.com InsideBrockville.com InsideOttawaValley.com KingstonRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Resources GoldBook.ca HockeyNow.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
The biggest winners and losers from Trumponomics - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases The biggest winners and losers from Trumponomics Posted: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 2:02 PM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 2:02 PM EST By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- If President-elect Donald Trump is able to get the economy growing at a faster clip, many giants of Corporate America will benefit. But there will also be some notable losers. The biggest beneficiaries are likely to be the companies that generate an overwhelming majority of their sales domestically. An increase in consumer spending in the U.S. would give a bigger boost to these firms than companies that rely more heavily on foreign markets. According to data from FactSet Research, nearly half of the companies in the S&P 500 index (240 to be precise) get more than 70% of their annual sales from the U.S. That list includes AT&T and Verizon, Disney, Comcast and Home Depot. Berkshire Hathaway and Starbucks are also on it. So is defense contractor Lockheed Martin, which has been a target of angry Trump tweets because of the cost of the F-35 jet. Walmart, American Express, UPS and Netflix are other high-profile companies that are all expanding abroad, but whose profits are still more closely tied to the U.S. These companies could get a lift from Trump's inward-looking policies if he and the Republican-led Congress boost funding for infrastructure projects and cut taxes as much as they are proposing. This stimulus could lead to higher levels of consumer and big business spending. That could also help Ford and GM somewhat. Those companies, who have also been targets of Trump for operations they have in Mexico, each get a little more than 60% of their revenue from the U.S. Of course, there is no guarantee that Trump is going to get everything he wants from Congress. There's also the possibility that economic isolationism backfires and winds up hurting economic growth and U.S. consumers. Potential Losers Many big U.S. companies that rely heavily on foreign sales stand to lose if Trump's tough talk on tariffs winds up igniting a trade war. Boeing generates nearly 60% of its sales from outside the U.S. GE, Coke, McDonald's, Procter & Gamble and Nike sell more of their products abroad than in the U.S. So it's possible that those stocks could lag versus those with more of a U.S. presence -- especially if the dollar picks up more steam. Although the dollar has started to weaken lately as Trump tries to talk it down, the greenback is still up significantly against other currencies since his election. Investors think Trump's domestic focus should boost the dollar, which is bad for companies that sell more of their goods and services abroad -- and good for those which import less and focus on the U.S. That could hurt big tech firms Apple, Microsoft, Facebook and Google-owner Alphabet, which also get more than half their revenue from international markets. So do Intel, Oracle and IBM. But these and other tech stocks have actually led the market lately due to hopes that Trump's proposed corporate tax changes will lead them to bring more cash that they have sitting overseas back to the U.S. The bet is that Apple and other giant tech firms may use that cash to hire more workers in the U.S., increase their dividends and buy back stock. That may be true, but these tech companies may also find it tougher to do business internationally if foreign governments retaliate against Trump with their own tariffs on U.S exports. Another potential laggard? Oil giant ExxonMobil, whose former CEO Rex Tillerson is Trump's choice to be Secretary of State. ExxonMobil generated only a little more than a third of its overall sales in the U.S. in its most recent fiscal year. So unless oil prices skyrocket under Trump, it may not benefit as much from Trump's policies as other energy companies that have already positioned themselves to cash in on the U.S. shale boom. Under Tillerson's watch, ExxonMobil invested a lot more in oil reserves in deep-sea fields as well as the Russian Arctic region. It now seems to be playing catch up back in the U.S. ExxonMobil just announced plans this week to buy shale oil assets in the Permian Basin of Texas and New Mexico for $5.6 billion. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / The biggest winners and losers from Trumponomics The biggest winners and losers from Trumponomics Posted on Wednesday, January 18, 2017 by CNN in Business News If President-elect Donald Trump is able to get the economy growing at a faster clip, many giants of Corporate America will benefit. But there will also be some notable losers. The biggest beneficiaries are likely to be the companies that generate an overwhelming majority of their sales domestically. An increase in consumer spending in the U.S. would give a bigger boost to these firms than companies that rely more heavily on foreign markets. According to data from FactSet Research, nearly half of the companies in the S&P 500 index (240 to be precise) get more than 70% of their annual sales from the U.S. That list includes AT&T and Verizon, Disney, Comcast and Home Depot. Berkshire Hathaway and Starbucks are also on it. So is defense contractor Lockheed Martin, which has been a target of angry Trump tweets because of the cost of the F-35 jet. Walmart, American Express, UPS and Netflix are other high-profile companies that are all expanding abroad, but whose profits are still more closely tied to the U.S. These companies could get a lift from Trump’s inward-looking policies if he and the Republican-led Congress boost funding for infrastructure projects and cut taxes as much as they are proposing. This stimulus could lead to higher levels of consumer and big business spending. That could also help Ford and GM somewhat. Those companies, who have also been targets of Trump for operations they have in Mexico, each get a little more than 60% of their revenue from the U.S. Of course, there is no guarantee that Trump is going to get everything he wants from Congress. There’s also the possibility that economic isolationism backfires and winds up hurting economic growth and U.S. consumers. Potential Losers Many big U.S. companies that rely heavily on foreign sales stand to lose if Trump’s tough talk on tariffs winds up igniting a trade war. Boeing generates nearly 60% of its sales from outside the U.S. GE, Coke, McDonald’s, Procter & Gamble and Nike sell more of their products abroad than in the U.S. So it’s possible that those stocks could lag versus those with more of a U.S. presence — especially if the dollar picks up more steam. Although the dollar has started to weaken lately as Trump tries to talk it down, the greenback is still up significantly against other currencies since his election. Investors think Trump’s domestic focus should boost the dollar, which is bad for companies that sell more of their goods and services abroad — and good for those which import less and focus on the U.S. That could hurt big tech firms Apple, Microsoft, Facebook and Google-owner Alphabet, which also get more than half their revenue from international markets. So do Intel, Oracle and IBM. But these and other tech stocks have actually led the market lately due to hopes that Trump’s proposed corporate tax changes will lead them to bring more cash that they have sitting overseas back to the U.S. The bet is that Apple and other giant tech firms may use that cash to hire more workers in the U.S., increase their dividends and buy back stock. That may be true, but these tech companies may also find it tougher to do business internationally if foreign governments retaliate against Trump with their own tariffs on U.S exports. Another potential laggard? Oil giant ExxonMobil, whose former CEO Rex Tillerson is Trump’s choice to be Secretary of State. ExxonMobil generated only a little more than a third of its overall sales in the U.S. in its most recent fiscal year. So unless oil prices skyrocket under Trump, it may not benefit as much from Trump’s policies as other energy companies that have already positioned themselves to cash in on the U.S. shale boom. Under Tillerson’s watch, ExxonMobil invested a lot more in oil reserves in deep-sea fields as well as the Russian Arctic region. It now seems to be playing catch up back in the U.S. ExxonMobil just announced plans this week to buy shale oil assets in the Permian Basin of Texas and New Mexico for $5.6 billion. Wilbur Ross wants trade cheaters to be 'severely' punished JPMorgan Chase accused of paying women less than men Related Posts Ad tycoon Jean-Claude Decaux, pioneer of self-cleaning public toilets, dies at 78 For-profit college ordered to refund student loans Apple patents flexible iPhone and smart glasses Stocks on track for best day of 2014 Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
TRAVEL Your California Bucket List: A collection of new adventures and experiences in the Golden State for every day of 2017 TRAVEL Ryan Reynolds Procter & Gamble Your California Bucket List: Essential adventures and experiences in the Golden State Jan. 27, 2017, 6 a.m. (Al Seib, Brian van der Brug, Rick Loomis, Allen J. Schaben / Los Angeles Times) Here's our growing guide to essential California adventures, easy to edgy. We'll be adding to it daily all year. And we won't suggest an adventure unless one of the Travel section's staffers and contributors have tried it. Tell us what's on your California bucket list. Email travel@latimes.com and put California Bucket List in the subject line. All updates Central California Northern California Southern California Southern California Jan. 18, 2017, 6:00 a.m. Inspect the woodwork in a spellbinding Pasadena Craftsman house Christopher Reynolds (Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times) Why : Pasadena's Gamble House, open for tours Thursdays-Sundays, might be the ultimate California Craftsman house. (Jay L. Clendenin / Los Angeles Times) What: Check out the leaded glass of the front door (it forms an oak tree), the detailed woodwork at the interior stairs , the dim, becalming feel of its two-story layout. The Gamble House , designed by brothers Charles and Henry Greene (whose story is also told at the Huntington museum in nearby San Marino),  was built in 1908 for members of one of the families behind Procter & Gamble. Nowadays the city of Pasadena owns it and USC manages it. In fact, USC uses architecture students as live-in caretakers. Where: 4 Westmoreland Place, Pasadena, Los Angeles County, 10 miles northeast of downtown L.A. How much : Hourlong guided tours cost $15 per adult. Info: The Gamble House Latest updates Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 56°
Leisure Home LBoard COMMENT A nation of bystanders Mariam Mokhtar Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Words can cost you your job Bloomberg | January 18, 2017 A 2016 survey of 600 women in advertising found that 91% of women have heard demeaning comments from male colleagues and 54% were subjected to unwanted sexual advances. LONDON: Last July, Kevin Roberts, then-chairman of Saatchi & Saatchi, was hosting a 50-person birthday dinner for his daughter-in-law at his home in the UK’s Lake District when he got a text message. An interview he’d given to Business Insider weeks before had hit the Internet. In it he commented that the gender debate in the advertising industry was “over” and that many women lacked “vertical ambition”. The story was trending fast on Twitter. Oops. As guests were arriving and later sitting down to table, Roberts spoke twice with his PR adviser in the US, Brian Sweeney. For the next 72 hours, he reached out to clients and colleagues across three continents to clarify his comments, while juggling the rest of the weekend party. But the day after the dinner, Maurice Levy, chief executive officer of parent company Publicis Group, announced he was putting Roberts on leave, saying his views didn’t reflect those of the group. Within days, after thousands of angry posts about him being an out-of-touch “old white guy”, Roberts, one of the industry’s best-known and powerful advertising executives, resigned. “In hindsight I absolutely wish I hadn’t said that,” he said in a wide-ranging interview. “I was very confusing. I actually completely misunderstood that I was giving an interview that would be judged on Twitter.” Subtler message It may seem surprising that Roberts, who built his entire career on getting companies to adopt effective messaging, was completely taken aback by the ferocity of the response on social media. Roberts, 67, who recently became chairman of UK communications firm Beattie, said what he was trying to advance was a more subtle message, which got lost in the firestorm that followed. Firestorms over the gender debate have hit the ad industry before. Last year, a female employee of J Walter Thompson filed a discrimination lawsuit accusing the agency’s CEO, Gustavo Martinez, of making racist and sexist comments. He later resigned. Back in 2005, Neil French, then worldwide creative director of WPP, quit amid outrage over his comments at an industry event that women don’t “make it to the top because they don’t deserve to. They’re crap”. Roberts, who says his motto is “fail fast, learn fast and fix fast”, thinks his comments last summer led to “pretty fast failure”. That after 20 years at Saatchi and previous executive positions at Proctor & Gamble Co and PepsiCo Inc. He says his comments were misconstrued. “I felt the debate now was not about gender but really about how to inspire everyone irrespective of gender to be the best they can be,” he said. His point, he says: “Let’s not stop talking about race or class or gender, let’s more start talking about inclusion.” Demeaning comments A 2016 survey of 600 women in advertising by the 3% Conference, a group that advocates the advancement of female creative talent in the industry, found that 91% of women have heard demeaning comments from male colleagues and 54% have been subjected to unwanted sexual advances. The advertising world remains a tough place for women to get ahead on their own merits, said Kat Gordon, founder of the organisation. “He’s discounting what women want and are up against,” Gordon said. “They do have ambition and they’re hitting these speed bumps over and over again. Ad agencies are not meritocracies or free of sexism and there are not equal opportunities.” Many women at Publicis were upset by Roberts’s comments, said Kate Stanners, who was then the firm’s worldwide chief creative officer. She later also took on the role of chair, replacing Roberts. Stanners said women currently hold half the top jobs – managing director and above – at Saatchi in London, where the firm is headquartered. And in the last few months, “Everyone has moved on. My feeling is whether you want a top job or not is not a gender issue, it’s a lifestyle issue. As many women want a top job as men.” Roberts, who was already due to retire in May 2017, is now advising several companies in his native New Zealand, in addition to his role at Beattie. He hasn’t backed away entirely from his original comments, saying many women – and men – don’t desire to move up the ladder. “Some people want to do work rather than manage work,” he said. “I don’t think that’s a lack of ambition. Frankly, I think it’s a higher ambition.” Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Iran female bodybuilder arrested for un-Islamic photos Triple-quake strikes reeling, snow-bound central Italy Explore topics Bloomberg, FMT, KL, Malaysia, special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Bimbang dan teruja bawa isteri Melayu sambut Tahun Baharu… Gong Xi Fa Chai, Ah Lam! US$10 billion forex loss: Cabinet seeks BNM’s views ‘MAS ruined our CNY’ claim by blogger goes viral Petronas in tight spot over Rapid project Ex-Miss Malaysia gets divorce from tycoon in battle over… The young Malaysian terrorist: A profile Returning to politics that’s driven by policy ‘Why was MACC involved in a family matter?’ RTD man dies after machete attack ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB A nation of bystanders Gong Xi Fa Chai, Ah Lam! Returning to politics that’s driven by policy Let’s keep our focus on things that matter Chinese voters and MCA’s revival MCA’s 4 options on Hadi’s bill More... FMT Bahasa Muda, jahil, tetapi ikhlas mahu berjuang ‘demi Islam’ Seluar diimport dari China bukan Israel, kata Giant MCA gembira dengan pelaburan China Tiada kaum boleh hidup sendiri, kata Hadi dalam ucapan Tahun Baharu Bimbang dan teruja bawa isteri Melayu sambut Tahun Baharu Cina KTMB: Perkhidmatan antara bandar laluan selatan pulih More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Haircare Market * Haircare Market Analysis * More Tags... Industry News * Retail * More Industries... News By Place * Albany   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 27 26 25 24 23 22 21 United States Haircare Market displays a CAGR of 0.7% by 2020     Hair Care Products Market   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Haircare Market • Haircare Market Analysis Industry: • Retail Location: • Albany - New York - US Subject: • ReportsALBANY, N.Y. - Jan. 18, 2017 - PRLog -- In the recent years, improving technology and emerging hair products have provided a lot of exposure to the hair care industry. According to a new study added to the vast portfolio of Market Research Hub (MRH), The United States of America represents the largest market for hair care products under the personal and beauty care segment. This study is entitled as "Consumer and Market Insights: Haircare Market in the U.S.", which provides insights on high growth categories of hair care to target trends in the usage of packaging materials, types and category level distribution data & brands market shares. According to the key findings, the U.S. haircare market is forecasted to exhibit a CAGR of 0.7% during the years 2015-2020. It is well known that hair care products help to protect and nourish the hair and reduce damage. Also, tedious and tiring life, as well as the harmful elements in the environment, leads to dull and damaged hair. Thus, to overcome this issue, now hair care products are used by hair care professionals in salons and also by an individual at home. It has also been observed by the study that rising consumption of hair care products, especially among the youth, and the consumer's recent increase in fashion consciousness will boost the market in the U.S. during the forecasted period. Additionally, factors like the early adoption of hair dyes and the increased usage of hair colors by the public in the U.S. region will raise the prospects for growth in this market until 2020. Request for Sample Report: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&r... According to the type of hair and its requirements, there are different categories of hair care products available in the market such as shampoo, conditioner, hair styling gels, hair loss treatments, colorants, serums, hair spray, glazes and hair accessories which are precisely covered in the study. Among these, wide adoption of shampoo as a hair care item in the U.S. resulted in the growth of this segment. On the other hand, salon hair care is estimated to witness the rapid value growth during the forecast period of 2015-2020. In this subsequent section, distribution data coverage including the percentage of sales within each category through distribution channels such as convenience stores, Hypermarkets & Supermarkets, Health & Beauty Stores, department stores, drug stores & pharmacies etc. are also provided. Amongst, Hypermarkets & Supermarkets accounted for the uppermost distribution share in the U.S. Haircare market. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/consumer-and-mark... Furthermore, the report states that, the leading brand in Shampoo category is Head & Shoulders. This is because it offers multiple benefits like scalp care, better hair texture and reduction in hair fall. Currently, the leading players operating in the market are Unilever Plc., The Procter & Gamble Company, and L'Oreal S.A. The market share of the leading brands and private labels including growth analysis from 2012 to 2015 are also outlined in the report. About Market Research Hub Market Research Hub (http://www.marketresearchhub.com/) (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH's expansive collection of market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Us 90 State Street Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free : 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel : +1-518-621-2074 Email : press@marketresearchhub.com Website : http://www.marketresearchhub.com Follow Us on LinkedIn- https://www.linkedin.com/company/market-research-hub End Source : market research hub Email : ***@marketresearchhub.com Posted By : ***@marketresearchhub.com Phone : +1-518-621-2074 Tags : Haircare Market, Haircare Market Analysis Industry : Retail Location : Albany - New York - United States Subject : Reports Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Market Research Hub PRs Household Insurance Market in U.K. Leads To Growth Rate at CAGR of 0.8% by 2020 Global Iron Powder Market Analysis & Industry Outlook Forecasted for the Period of 2016-2021 Global Market of Two-Wheeled Tractors Exhibit to Grow Substantially during the Forecast of 2016-2021 Analysis on Effective Strategies Framed by Telco Companies to Enhance the Growth of Digital Services Market Analysis of Global Water Quality Analyzers Reveal Strong Growth through 2021 Trending News Louis Vuitton To Create Young Millionaires in 9 Months 1st Annual North Fork Dock Diving Pet Expo and Fundraiser Event KRAVIS CENTER Announces Regional Arts Concert Series 2017/2018 Two Corvettes Will Be Awarded to One Lucky Winner at the Dream Giveaway Garage On February 3, 2017 Check Out Upcoming Artist King Jul! Top Daily News Swedish Actress Linnea Persson Charms Hollywood - 451 views Two Corvettes Will Be Awarded to One Lucky Winner at the Dream Giveaway Garage On February 3, 2017 - 395 views Josie's Friends, LLC Announces Women's Launch - 269 views Tesla Foundation and East Los Angeles College Create New Program for Unmanned Aerial Systems - 237 views Jade Global Announces Partnership with Snowflake - 138 views Top Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 2973 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2696 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 1930 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1895 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1520 views Top Daily News Swedish Actress Linnea Persson Charms Hollywood - 451 views Two Corvettes Will Be Awarded to One Lucky Winner at the Dream Giveaway Garage On February 3, 2017 - 395 views Josie's Friends, LLC Announces Women's Launch - 269 views Tesla Foundation and East Los Angeles College Create New Program for Unmanned Aerial Systems - 237 views Jade Global Announces Partnership with Snowflake - 138 views Top Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 2973 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2696 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 1930 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1895 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1520 views PTC News Cavium to Contribute the First Programmable Wedge 100C Switch Design to OCP - 374 views Matthew Lewis of 'Harry Potter' To Make Wizard World Comic Con Debut In Portland, February 18-19 - 296 views Discover Lennar's Everything's Included® Homes During Their February Sale - 209 views Jingwei International Limited Changes Name and Effects Reverse Stock Split - 162 views First Bancorp of Indiana, Inc. Announces Financial Results - 114 views Jan 18, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Airtel appoints Raj Pudipeddi as Director – Consumer Business Our Bureau   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Mumbai, Jan 18:   Bharti Airtel, the country’s largest telecommunications services provider, has appointed Raj Pudipeddi as Director – Consumer Business & Chief Marketing Officer for its India operations, effective February 6. He will be part of the Airtel management board, reporting to Gopal Vittal, MD & CEO (India), Bharti Airtel. In his new role, Raj will be responsible for driving market share, strengthening the Airtel brand and driving customer-centric innovations within the teams. "In line with our philosophy to bring on board the best talent from across the globe, I am delighted at the appointment of Raj to lead our consumer business. At Airtel, we are obsessed with our customers and I am confident that Raj’s wealth of experience will add fresh perspective to our initiatives to constantly innovate and delight customers," Vittal said. Pudipeddi has over 22 years of work experience with Procter & Gamble across various functions and geographies. In his last role as Vice-President - Oral Care (North America), he led a large team across functions and sites, including manufacturing plants with P&L responsibility for a multi-billion business. Prior to that he was the General Manager for Latin America and managed multiple categories across countries while dealing with the challenges of competition, currencies and other turbulent factors. Earlier, as Country Manager in the Philippines, he led the turnaround of operations through a successful deployment of a new go-to-market strategy. Between 2000 and 2010, Pudipeddi worked in the US in various category roles including paper and family care. He also had a two-year assignment as Associate Director in Procter & Gamble’s global Wal-Mart team, responsible for managing the relationship with their biggest customer, with sales of over $7 billion. (This article was published on January 18, 2017) Related NEWS Airtel upgrades network in Delhi-NCR region Aircel to seek clarity on deal with Airtel, RCom Airtel appoints Badal Bagri as CFO, India & South Asia TRAI perpetuating illegality by RJio, Airtel tells Tribunal TOPICS company information | board of directors (appointment and change) | Companies  »  Bharti Airtel Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Obamacare repeal could hurt Indian IT industry Dell EMC to up India headcount by 15-20% Electronics cluster coming up in Bhiwadi Decision-making speed depends on the macro-economic environment: Wipro COO The/Nudge Foundation launches incubator for non-profit start-ups M&M to set up Blockchain incubation centre Wipro hit by restructuring, client pushback Freshtohome raises angel funds Oracle preparing to compete with AWS AI-based sales support start-up racetrack scouting for $10 m LATEST NEWS Congress opportunistic, a thing of the past, says Modi Pollen Collection Chamber in Coimbatore sbiINTOUCH branch in Bengaluru PSU oil companies, Andhra Pradesh govt ink pacts All TN districts to come under ESI Act soon More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech ‘E-tailers need to make enough margin on each sale’ ‘How long it will take for consolidation of the sector remains an open question’ » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Kevin Roberts Speaks About the Words That Cost him His Job Bloomberg Stephanie Baker 1/18/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks © Stephanie Baker BC-WORDS-CAN-COST-YOU-YOUR-JOB Last July, Kevin Roberts, then-chairman of Saatchi & Saatchi, was hosting a 50-person birthday dinner for his daughter-in-law at his home in the U.K.’s Lake District when he got a text message. An interview he’d given to Business Insider weeks before had hit the Internet. In it he commented that the gender debate in the advertising industry was “over” and that many women lacked “vertical ambition.” The story was trending fast on Twitter. Oops. As guests were arriving and later sitting down to table, Roberts spoke twice with his PR adviser in the U.S., Brian Sweeney. For the next 72 hours, he reached out to clients and colleagues across three continents to clarify his comments, while juggling the rest of the weekend party.  But the day after the dinner, Maurice Levy, chief executive officer of parent company Publicis Group, announced he was putting Roberts on leave, saying his views didn’t reflect those of the group. Within days, after thousands of angry posts about him being an out-of-touch “old white guy,” Roberts, one of the industry’s best-known and powerful advertising executives, resigned.  “In hindsight I absolutely wish I hadn’t said that,” he said in a wide-ranging interview. “I was very confusing. I actually completely misunderstood that I was giving an interview that would be judged on Twitter.”  Subtler Message It may seem surprising that Roberts, who built his entire career on getting companies to adopt effective messaging, was completely taken aback by the ferocity of the response on social media. Roberts, 67, who recently became chairman of U.K. communications firm Beattie, said what he was trying to advance was a more subtle message, which got lost in the firestorm that followed. Firestorms over the gender debate have hit the ad industry before. Last year, a female employee of J. Walter Thompson filed a discrimination lawsuit accusing the agency’s CEO, Gustavo Martinez, of making racist and sexist comments. He later resigned. Back in 2005, Neil French, then worldwide creative director of WPP, quit amid outrage over his comments at an industry event that women don’t “make it to the top because they don’t deserve to. They’re crap.” Roberts, who says his motto is “fail fast, learn fast and fix fast,” thinks his comments last summer led to “pretty fast failure.” That after 20 years at Saatchi and previous executive positions at Proctor & Gamble Co. and PepsiCo Inc. He says his comments were misconstrued.  “I felt the debate now was not about gender but really about how to inspire everyone irrespective of gender to be the best they can be,” he said.  His point, he says: “Let’s not stop talking about race or class or gender, let’s more start talking about inclusion.”  Demeaning Comments A 2016 survey of 600 women in advertising by the 3% Conference, a group that advocates the advancement of female creative talent in the industry, found that 91 percent of women have heard demeaning comments from male colleagues and 54 percent have been subjected to unwanted sexual advances. The advertising world remains a tough place for women to get ahead on their own merits, said Kat Gordon, founder of the organization. “He’s discounting what women want and are up against,’’ Gordon said. “They do have ambition and they’re hitting these speed bumps over and over again. Ad agencies are not meritocracies or free of sexism and there are not equal opportunities.”  Many women at Publicis were upset by Roberts's comments, said Kate Stanners, who was then the firm’s worldwide chief creative officer. She later also took on the role of chair, replacing Roberts. Stanners said women currently hold half the top jobs -- managing director and above -- at Saatchi in London, where the firm is headquartered. And in the last few months, “Everyone has moved on. My feeling is whether you want a top job or not is not a gender issue, it’s a lifestyle issue. As many women want a top job as men.”  Roberts, who was already due to retire in May 2017, is now advising several companies in his native New Zealand, in addition to his role at Beattie. He hasn’t backed away entirely from his original comments, saying many women -- and men -- don’t desire to move up the ladder. “Some people want to do work rather than manage work,’’ he said. “I don’t think that’s a lack of ambition. Frankly, I think it’s a higher ambition.” To contact the author of this story: Stephanie Baker in London at stebaker@bloomberg.net. To contact the editor responsible for this story: Anne Swardson at aswardson@bloomberg.net, Daliah Merzaban ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 45-50 We set you thinking Saturday 28 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. 1485571574 Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources 1485567368 Business Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing 1485566739 World Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump 1485566708 World Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House 1485565285 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485564971 World Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm 1485563692 World Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains 1485562401 Business Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico 1485562735 Business Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft 1485561920 Business Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers 1485560447 Business Facebook CEO, facing wave of criticism, stops attempt to force Hawaii land sale 1485558748 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT 1485558913 World Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions 1485555742 Business Energy pipelines back in investor favor after Trump orders 1485558154 Business Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension 1485557390 Business Mexico's Slim calls Trump negotiator 'not Terminator' 1485557674 Business Border tax ideas roil oil markets, favor Gulf Coast refiners 1485558333 Business Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings 1485552061 World British PM May to raise trade, security with Turkey's Erdogan 1485556449 Business CMBS tied to Trump son-in-law sails through market 1485556130 Business Senator says U.S. Labor Department dismantled website for Wells Fargo workers 1485556384 World Trump says Mexican imports tax one option but others possible 1485557184 World Trump's unpredictability already troubles U.S. friends 1485556617 Business GM, Honda to announce fuel cell technology advance: sources 1485554936 World No U.S. review of treaties, U.N. funding at this time: admin official 1485555537 World North Korea appears to have restarted plutonium reactor: think tank 1485554908 World Fillon's French presidential bid may be hurt by probe into wife's work 1485541015 Business Bosch, Cisco, BNY Mellon, others launch new blockchain consortium 1485553255 Business U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade 1485552656 Business GM to cut 625 jobs in Canada, move some work to Mexico: union 1485546292 World Swedish ex-finance minister and tycoon named suspects in bribery case 1485550775 World Security official: Mexican cartels inspired horrors in Brazil prison carnage 1485548308 World Holocaust Memorial selfie-takers apologize to Israeli shamer 1485548242 World Colombia and FARC rebels to wage joint fight against coca cultivation 1485547770 World Merkel: Security will be key issue in Germany's 2017 election campaign 1485547328 World One thousand boat migrants rescued, one found dead in Mediterranean 1485544790 Business Citigroup quietly launches small business lending website 1485551901 Business Mexico's Slim not selling New York Times stock: spokesman 1485550810 World Venezuela demands apology over Colombia VP's 'xenophobic' remarks 1485529406 World Austrian coalition talks make slow progress, drag into weekend 1485545316 World Somalia's al Shabaab says kills dozens of Kenyan troops in raid on base 1485546936 World Astronauts and a performing donkey welcome China's new year 1485535577 World U.S.-Mexico crisis deepens as Trump aide floats border tax idea 1485483509 World U.S. Senate Leader McConnell opposes lifting Russia sanctions: Politico 1485551704 World House Speaker Ryan says U.S. sanctions against Russia should stay 1485551049 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 2:43 PM EST/1943 GMT 1485551088 Business J&J loses venue fight for talc lawsuits in Missouri 1485549976 Business Investors upbeat on data, Fed; wary of Trump 1485548803 Business Ex-Jefferies bond trader Litvak guilty on one of 10 fraud counts 1485544747 Business Words can cost you your job Kevin Roberts.Photo: Bloomberg Former Saatchi & Saatchi chairman Kevin Roberts quit after causing furor when he said women lacked ‘vertical ambition’ mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:35 PM, January 18, 2017 Updated: 1:46 PM, January 18, 2017 LONDON — Last July, Kevin Roberts, then-chairman of Saatchi & Saatchi, was hosting a 50-person birthday dinner for his daughter-in-law at his home in the UK’s Lake District when he got a text message. An interview he’d given to Business Insider weeks before had hit the Internet. In it he commented that the gender debate in the advertising industry was “over” and that many women lacked “vertical ambition”. The story was trending fast on Twitter. Oops. As guests were arriving and later sitting down to table, Mr Roberts spoke twice with his PR adviser in the US, Mr Brian Sweeney. For the next 72 hours, he reached out to clients and colleagues across three continents to clarify his comments, while juggling the rest of the weekend party. But the day after the dinner, Mr Maurice Levy, chief executive officer of parent company Publicis Group, announced he was putting Mr Roberts on leave, saying his views didn’t reflect those of the group. Within days, after thousands of angry posts about him being an out-of-touch “old white guy”, Mr Roberts, one of the industry’s best-known and powerful advertising executives, resigned. “In hindsight I absolutely wish I hadn’t said that,” he said in a wide-ranging interview. “I was very confusing. I actually completely misunderstood that I was giving an interview that would be judged on Twitter.” SUBTLER MESSAGE It may seem surprising that Mr Roberts, who built his entire career on getting companies to adopt effective messaging, was completely taken aback by the ferocity of the response on social media. Mr Roberts, 67, who recently became chairman of UK communications firm Beattie, said what he was trying to advance was a more subtle message, which got lost in the firestorm that followed. Firestorms over the gender debate have hit the ad industry before. Last year, a female employee of J Walter Thompson filed a discrimination lawsuit accusing the agency’s CEO, Mr Gustavo Martinez, of making racist and sexist comments. He later resigned. Back in 2005, Mr Neil French, then worldwide creative director of WPP, quit amid outrage over his comments at an industry event that women don’t “make it to the top because they don’t deserve to. They’re crap”. Mr Roberts, who says his motto is “fail fast, learn fast and fix fast”, thinks his comments last summer led to “pretty fast failure”. That after 20 years at Saatchi and previous executive positions at Proctor & Gamble Co. and PepsiCo Inc. He says his comments were misconstrued. “I felt the debate now was not about gender but really about how to inspire everyone irrespective of gender to be the best they can be,” he said. His point, he says: “Let’s not stop talking about race or class or gender, let’s more start talking about inclusion.” DEMEANING COMMENTS A 2016 survey of 600 women in advertising by the 3% Conference, a group that advocates the advancement of female creative talent in the industry, found that 91 per cent of women have heard demeaning comments from male colleagues and 54 per cent have been subjected to unwanted sexual advances. The advertising world remains a tough place for women to get ahead on their own merits, said Ms Kat Gordon, founder of the organisation. “He’s discounting what women want and are up against,” Ms Gordon said. “They do have ambition and they’re hitting these speed bumps over and over again. Ad agencies are not meritocracies or free of sexism and there are not equal opportunities.” Many women at Publicis were upset by Mr Roberts’s comments, said Ms Kate Stanners, who was then the firm’s worldwide chief creative officer. She later also took on the role of chair, replacing Mr Roberts. Ms Stanners said women currently hold half the top jobs — managing director and above — at Saatchi in London, where the firm is headquartered. And in the last few months, “Everyone has moved on. My feeling is whether you want a top job or not is not a gender issue, it’s a lifestyle issue. As many women want a top job as men.” Mr Roberts, who was already due to retire in May 2017, is now advising several companies in his native New Zealand, in addition to his role at Beattie. He hasn’t backed away entirely from his original comments, saying many women — and men — don’t desire to move up the ladder. “Some people want to do work rather than manage work,” he said. “I don’t think that’s a lack of ambition. Frankly, I think it’s a higher ambition.” BLOOMBERG mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Zodiac family silver key to $9 billion Safran tie-up Yahoo beats Wall Street view, sees Verizon deal closing in second quarter Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Whirlpool to cut 500 EMEA jobs in dryer manufacturing unit Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Wells Fargo to stop giving branches advance notice of inspections Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Wall Street Week Ahead: Optimism among S&P 500 CEOs as Trump takes power Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street ends higher as Trump becomes president Inside Today World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft Sports Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Tampines Rovers and head coach Akbar part ways Only Venus Williams stands in the way of Serena making history Bolt stripped of gold after Jamaica team mate Carter tests positive Entertainment Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend Elton John to turn Devil Wears Prada into musical Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested outside New York City museum Radio veteran Melson stayed connected with listeners About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home Market Commodities Demonetisation impact to remain only for short term: GHCL MD Ravi S Jalan Demonetisation impact to remain only for short term: GHCL MD Ravi S Jalan GHCL — which has businesses across textiles, soda ash and edible salt segments--says the impact of demonetisation, especially on FMCG sales, is going to be only short term. Ravi S Jalan, the managing director of GHCL, says demonetisation will pay “rich dividends” in terms of higher tax mop-up by the government and more transparency in business transactions over the longer term. By: Banikinkar Pattanayak | Published: January 18, 2017 6:35 AM Ravi S Jalan, the managing director of GHCL GHCL — which has businesses across textiles, soda ash and edible salt segments–says the impact of demonetisation, especially on FMCG sales, is going to be only short term. Ravi S Jalan, the managing director of GHCL, says demonetisation will pay “rich dividends” in terms of higher tax mop-up by the government and more transparency in business transactions over the longer term. He also says India now accounts for roughly a half of the sheet imports by the US, which is a remarkable feat. In an interview to FE’s Banikinkar Pattanayak, Jalan pitches for an FTA with the EU to further improve the country’s competitiveness in textiles and garments in that key market. Excerpts: GHCL is a big player in some of the most labour-intensive industries, such as textiles, soda ash and edible salt. How has demonetisation impacted you? Demonetisation is an effective way to increase tax collection and boost the economy. The textile sector is also responding well to this move. We have always believed that strong, transparent systems should be in place for conducting businesses. Even much before demonetisation, we had started the practice of paying our labourers through cashless modes. Hence we haven’t witnessed any challenges during this period. To what extent do you think demonetisation has affected your revenue or profits in the third quarter? Our production level has been good, but our FMCG sales have been slightly impacted due to lower demand, especially in rural areas. While the situation is improving, it could take a few months to offset the impact completely. You have been a supplier to big companies like Target and Bed Bath & Beyond. Is the flow of orders from the US or the EU for Indian textile players recovering or is it still tepid? India’s share in the sheet imports by the US is increasing year on year. In the last two years, it has been well past 50%, compared with 47% previously. This is mainly due to the reliability of Indian exporters as well as the consumption growth in China. This 3% increase on a huge base like the US provides ample growth opportunity Also, we hope that a free trade agreement (FTA) with the EU will make Indian exporters competitive in that key market. (For instance, industry executives say, Indian yarn, fabrics and garments attract export duties of 4%, 5% and 9.6%, respectively, in the EU, while competitors like Bangladesh export there at zero duty). Watch This Also: How much of a goods and services tax (GST) rate would you suggest for textiles and garments? There are some players who seem to favour even 12%. I think a zero GST rate will be the best for the textiles and garments sector, which is one of the largest contributors to the country’s gross domestic product (GDP), rural employment and foreign exchange. Also, the sector shouldn’t be exempted from the GST ambit as it will give rise to cascading effects in costs for the entire textile value chain. When the GST is in place, it will create a level-playing field for everyone and will be positive, particularly for companies, such as GHCL, with integrated processing facilities (For integrated players, the input tax costs can be seamlessly offset against output tax liability). GHCL is one of the largest manufacturers and exporters of soda ash, with customers like HUL, P&G and Philips. How do you see rural demand shaping up for FMCG products in the coming quarters? The economy has witnessed mammoth process of demonetisation and it has its short-term impacts too. At present, we see some improvement in the demand trend in FMCG, but it will take some more time to be back to normal completely. How much of a rise do you see in your revenue and profits in 2016-17, compared with a year earlier? What is driving your growth? GHCL’s revenue has grown 1.9% to R703.14 crore during the second quarter of this fiscal, against R690.34 crore a year earlier. However, during the first half of this fiscal, the company registered 72.4% growth in net profits to R193.11 crore, against R112.04 crore in the same period the previous year. GHCL’s income rose 9.3% to R1,429.83 crore in the first half of 2016-17, compared with R1,308.54 crore a year before. We are targeting year-on-year growth of 20% in our profits. As far as growth in revenues is concerned, there would be a marginal rise, as our capacity expansion in soda ash will be in operation next year. Apart from a strong work force, the company has benefited from lower prices of commodities, especially coal. What are your expansion plans? We have various expansion plans for both inorganic chemicals and textiles segments. Our expansion in soda ash is on track and we expect it to be completed in the current quarter. This will result in a 12% rise in production volumes, with additional 1,00,000 tonnes brownfield capacity. The total capex outlay for the project was R375 crore. An incremental capex of around R80 crore has been allocated for debottlenecking soda ash capacity by 25,000 tonnes, apart from doubling the sodium bicarbonate capacity (It will be raised by 30,000 tonnes). In the textiles segment, we have allocated R70 crore towards the expansion of our processing capacity from 36 million meters to 45 million meters, along with building capacity for producing value-added yarn and expanding weaving capacity. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 What the upcoming GST reform means for the common man's pocket FM Jaitley faces a growth-stability dilemma in backdrop of global uncertainty This Union Budget day, make your own budget and achieve life goals Budget 2017: The Make it or Break it one for Modi government Arun Jaitley has a lot of scope to cut tax rates dramatically Trending Now Donald Trump is 'negotiator, not Terminator', says Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Christian women under terror grip in Pakistan Bryan Cranston to make London stage debut South Asian lawyers group condemn Donald Trump's orders on Muslim ban Madhur Bhandarkar condemns attack on Sanjay Leela Bhansali, dubs it as ‘highly shameful’ Punjab polls: Rahul Gandhi to address joint public rallies US President Donald Trump signs order promising 'great rebuilding' of military Kotak Mahindra Bank's ING Vysya Bank integration working well, loan growth to pick up: Nomura Citi maintains 'Buy' on Exide shares, target price Rs 225 BofA ML rates IndiaBulls Housing Finance as 'Buy', says Q3 sustains momentum; profit could rise at 28% CAGR Nomura rates JSW Energy as 'Reduce', says stock price performance likely to remain under pressure  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News Budget 2017: मोदी सरकार ला सकती है गरीबों और बेरोजगारों को हर महीने 1500 रुपए देने की योजना बजट 2017: मिडिल क्लास के लिए वित्त मंत्री अरुण जेटली कर सकते हैं ये 5 बड़े ऐलान सीतारमण ने दिया संकेत, बजट में स्टार्टअप इकाइयों को मिल सकते हैं टैक्स लाभ मुद्रास्फीति में बढ़ोतरी पर उद्योग जगत ने कहा, वृद्धि को बढ़ावा देने वाले सुधारों पर हो जोर Assembly Elections 2017 News बाहुबली मुख्‍तार अंसारी परिवार समेत बसपा में शामिल, तीन सदस्‍यों को हाथोंहाथ मिला विधानसभा टिकट पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी के साथ अपर्णा यादव की सेल्‍फी पर लगे थे कयास, अब पूछा- इसमें गलत क्‍या है? कटियार बोले- राम मंदिर का मुद्दा हमेशा जीवित रहेगा, इस पर कोई समझौता नहीं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Positive appeals drive charity success How clients should brief an agency Google blocked 1.7bn bad ads in 2016 UK adspend beats Brexit expectations Agencies must work harder on diversity Integrating customer data key to success Emerging Asia drives travel boom View more news Social video marches on 18 January 2017 GLOBAL: Social video shows no signs of losing its attraction for marketers who are achieving results through quality content and emotional engagement, and are also tapping into the new possibilities offered by live video, according to a Warc report. Toolkit 2017, Warc's guide to six major marketing trends for the year ahead, shows that brands are structuring social video content to grab viewers' attention within three seconds – the typical window they may have while users are scrolling through their news feeds. But the report adds that measurement will be a major challenge in 2017, especially after Facebook's admission it had been significantly overestimating average viewing times. That said, the social networking giant's scale means that, whatever its deficiencies regarding metrics, it remains the lead platform when it comes to audience reach and popularity and so benefits from the rise of a 'broadcast' approach to social media. (Non-subscribers can download a sample of this Toolkit chapter here.) Commenting on the trend, Ian Forrester, Global VP of Insight at Unruly, adds that while brands will often turn first to Facebook and YouTube, they should remember that many views take place outside of these two platforms. "Lots of people never go on Facebook or YouTube so consider the open web as well as part of your distribution strategy." The Toolkit report further observes that while brands are now investing in paid distribution, sharing remains a useful indicator of engagement with a video and advises aligning the characteristics of the content to the particular behavioural factors, such as the pursuit of social currency, that motivate the engagement. At the same time, brands need to avoid falling into the "crap trap" of bombarding consumers with inconsistent, incoherent and irrelevant messaging – something Procter & Gamble has confessed to being guilty of – and focus instead on craft and creativity. That requirement has become urgent as so much social media use now takes place on mobile, where video may be skipped or viewed without sound. Research has shown that creative designed with the small screen and small attention span of users in mind can generate huge uplifts in ad effectiveness. That may mean, for example, using captions or ensuring that key visual elements such as logos, are proportionally bigger than they would be in a TV ad in order to be noticed. Data sourced from Warc Read more from Warc: Content in 2017: How video is transforming social marketing Toolkit 2017: Six major marketing trends for the year ahead - Executive summary Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Positive appeals drive charity success How clients should brief an agency Google blocked 1.7bn bad ads in 2016 UK adspend beats Brexit expectations Agencies must work harder on diversity Integrating customer data key to success Emerging Asia drives travel boom View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 20 minutes ago Array 0 Setting Aside Rivalry, Twitter Signs Up For Instagram By Garett Sloane - 27 minutes ago Array 0 Turning Billboards Into Beer Coolers: Behind Coors Light's New Environmental Push By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 New FTC Chair Has Warned Against Stricter Privacy Rules By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago 0 Walmart Goes Hollywood, Tapping Star Directors for Oscars Campaign By Jack Neff - 4 hours ago 0 Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 20 minutes ago 0 Taco Bell Trolls Itself in Naked Chicken Chalupa Advertising By Jessica Wohl - 16 hours ago 0 BET Hires IPG Media Team Amid Major Original Content Push By Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago 0 Problem Solving: How M&Ms Took a Small Insight and Turned It Into a Big Idea By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Snickers Plans a Live Commercial During Super Bowl LI By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Skittles Releases Its Super Bowl Spot By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 The Demise of the Department Store Experience By Rance Crain - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat Offers to Bill Brands for Ads Based on TV-Style Ratings From Nielsen By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Super Bowl Persil ProClean Laundry Detergent Returns to Super Bowl By Jeanine Poggi. Published on January 19, 2017. A scene from Persil's 15-second Super Bowl debut in 2016. Premium laundry detergent Persil ProClean will return to the Super Bowl. While Henkel's Persil didn't reveal details about the creative, it said it enlisted the help of "The Professional," its stain-fighting hero. "Last year's appearance in Super Bowl 50 was instrumental in getting the Persil name recognized across the country," Janell Holas, VP-marketing, Persil, said in a statement. "We are excited to leverage our new commercial this year, giving our North American consumers yet another reason to switch to Persil ProClean -- because we know once they try it, they'll love it!" Representatives of Persil said the length and creative approach had not yet been determined. This is the brand's second Super Bowl spot, following its debut in last year's game ("#1 Rated"), 15 seconds of comparative advertising that stood out not least for promoting packaged goods in an ad roster more often focused on autos, beverages and snacks. But in Super Bowl LI, Persil joins other cleaning brands, Procter & Gamble's Mr. Clean and Febreze, that have also secured ad berths. Henkel's Persil ProClean line was introduced in March 2015. Persil worked with TBWA on the creative. In this article: CPG Entertainment Special Report: Super Bowl Sports TV Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
RenewAmerica.com January 27, 2017 Click here to receive our twice-weekly Newsletter Home Forum Analysis Links Documents Activism About Contact   Clenard Childress January 19, 2017 Dr. Martin Luther King speaks prophetically today of the KKK and apostate clergy By Clenard Childress "One of the shameful tragedies of history is that the very institutions which should remove man from the midnight of racial segregation participates in creating and perpetuating the midnight. In the terrible midnight of war men have knocked on the door of the church to ask for the bread of peace, but the church has often disappointed them. What more pathetically reveals the irrelevancy of the church in present day world affairs than its witness regarding war...?" the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther stated in his essay, "The Strength to Love." That was 1963. I would say to Martin, if he were here today, that something, "More Pathetically," reveals the irrelevancy of the church in this day and that is the "deafening silence" of our pulpits on the issue of abortion, and most especially, within the Black Church. Dr. King pointed out that the very institutions that were to 'remove man from the midnight of racism,' were the very institutions that participates in creating and perpetuating the midnight. This has been clearly seen recently in two news stories which blatantly and pathetically show the two most trusted institutions African-Americans trust – the Democrat Party and the (quasi) church – continue to hurl unsuspecting and ill informed souls into the abyss of depravity, destruction, and unmitigated despair. For the DNC, 1,786 African-Americans killed each day... was not enough. 52% of African-American pregnancies ending in abortion... were too few. Making abortion a part of their political platform still did not quench the blood thirsty elite when it comes to innocent children being brutally dismembered and then – confirmed by congressional inquiry – sold on the Black Market for lucrative profits. This is a crime yet to be prosecuted and punished. Fortunately for babies, and African-Americans particularly, the "Grand Plan" was thwarted when the sound of the Trump tornadic political whirlwind caused Auntie Em's house to fall on the "Wicked Witch of the Left..." Thus, history could not be repeated by the evil perpetrated via the 'bully pulpit' in 1915. Hollywood and Democrats have seemingly always had an ungodly alliance. D. W. Griffith's, Birth of a Nation, was a documentary of deception produced covertly by the most racist entity in America, the Ku Klux Klan. The then president of the United States was Democrat Woodrow Wilson and also a Klansman. Wilson used his office to promote the Klan's racist agenda. Regarding this, Richard Wormser of PBS reporting on D. W. Griffith's, "The Birth of a Nation," said "...presenting blacks as dominating Southern whites (almost all of whom are noble in the film) and sexually forcing themselves upon white women. The Klan was portrayed as the South's savior from this alleged tyranny. Not only was this portrayal untrue, it was the opposite of what actually happened. During Reconstruction, whites dominated blacks and assaulted black women. The Klan was primarily a white terrorist organization that carried out hundreds of murders. After seeing the film, an enthusiastic Wilson reportedly remarked: "It is like writing history with lightning, and my only regret is that it is all so terribly true." Klan membership and atrocities carried out against African-Americans exploded! Now, believe it or not, in 2017 the plan is the same: create a film to garner public opinion to carry out our racist agenda against African-Americans and have the 'bully pulpit' of the presidency back it up. Voila! We have the birth of Planned Parenthood's propaganda movie, "'Terrible Virtue," the life story of Margaret Sanger based upon a book written by Ellen Feldman. This same Margaret Sanger who said, "Colored people are human weeds and they are to be exterminated..." and... you'll like this one... "The most merciful thing that a large family does to one of its infant members is to kill it..." This movie, fresh out of Hollywood, will be "Coming to a theater near you..." No doubt those quotes won't be in the film! Suffering from a tarnished public image after being exposed for dismembering babies and selling their parts for profit, Planned Parenthood desperately needed a strong promo from a position of power. Planned Parenthood expected this movie to be birthed under the presidency of Hillary Clinton who said in her acceptance speech of the Margaret Sanger Award, "I admire Margaret Sanger enormously, her courage, her tenacity, her vision..." and, "I am really in awe of her, there are a lot of lessons we can learn from her life..." What, less people of color? Oh, those Democrats and their blatant, obvious racism, still ignored by most African-Americans. As an African-American, I adjure you to join myself and the 'Lollipop Guild' in celebrating the defeat of this dastardly plan and the welcoming of a Trump Administration that is defunding Planned Parenthood and would pursue overturning Roe vs. Wade. The abominations continue, and too often, that other institution which pathetically reveals its irrelevancy, is the church. The institution which should be keeping wayward souls from the bleak midnight of racism, stands in solidarity with the leading killer of African-Americans: Planned Parenthood. More than twenty religious leaders, of different faiths, assembled January 13, to bless Planned Parenthood's new abortion mega (killing) clinic in Washington, DC, praising its "sacred work." This is sacrilegious and an abomination. As Martin Luther King stated in his Letter from a Birmingham Jail, "The modern-day church is often a weak and ineffectual church often a staunch supporter of the status quo..." Once again, the plan is from the past. Margaret Sanger, in a letter to Clarence Gamble of Proctor and Gamble stated, "We should hire three or four colored ministers, preferably with social-service backgrounds, and with engaging personalities. The most successful educational approach to the Negro is through a religious appeal. We don't want the word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population and the minister is the man who can straighten out that idea if it ever occurs to any of their more rebellious members." For clergy praising the dismemberment and the tearing apart of a child for profit as "sacred work," I would describe it more as 'satanic work.' To mock the God of the church, and the sanctity of life, these apostate impersonators of justice had the unmitigated gall at the benediction to sing, "This Little Light of Mine..." It's beyond being ironic! These facilitators of snuffing the lights out of our most vulnerable declare their light to shine... Unbelievable! Hypocrisy abounds when righteousness is abrogated. I thank God some Black Folks are waking up to this treachery! © Clenard Childress   The views expressed by RenewAmerica columnists are their own and do not necessarily reflect the position of RenewAmerica or its affiliates. (See RenewAmerica's publishing standards.) Clenard Childress Rev. Dr. Clenard H. Childress, Jr., is the senior pastor of The New Calvary Baptist Church in Montclair, NJ. He is the founder of the website Blackgenocide.org and president of Life Education And Resource Network, Northeast. LEARN is the largest African-American pro-life group in the US... (more) Rev. Dr. Clenard H. Childress, Jr., is the senior pastor of The New Calvary Baptist Church in Montclair, NJ. He is the founder of the website Blackgenocide.org and president of Life Education And Resource Network, Northeast. LEARN is the largest African-American pro-life group in the US. Rev. Childress is a leader in social activism and partners with the Center For Bioethical Reform, taking the Genocide Awareness Projects to college campuses around the country. Rev. Childress and his wife Regina have 4 children: Clenard, Thomas, Tonya, and Tia. Subscribe Receive future articles by Clenard Childress: Click here More by this author January 19, 2017 Dr. Martin Luther King speaks prophetically today of the KKK and apostate clergy August 24, 2016 Black Life Matters collaborates with Planned Parenthood July 8, 2016 "Government action is not the whole answer to the present crisis" January 27, 2016 I was naked and you clothed me January 9, 2016 Black Law Students Association at Ohio State University needs "discovery period" on racism and abortion December 30, 2015 'Scandal' airs Planned Parenthood version of abortion and Christmas August 25, 2015 At the crossroads of conscience July 17, 2015 In response to Mark Levin's radio broadcast, July 15th, third hour July 16, 2015 We do need the talented 10 percent May 17, 2015 "All Black Life Matters" project visits HSBC Fayetteville State College students More articles   Stephen Stone 'The fervent prayer of the righteous' Cliff Kincaid The media's embrace of "fake news" about drugs Bryan Fischer Pro-Muslim, anti-Islam Peter Lemiska Barack Obama's enduring legacy Bruce Deitrick Price K-12: Grifter's paradise Jerry Newcombe The pro-life position is the pro-woman position Louie Verrecchio The last thing we need is another Scalia Dan Popp March of the parasluts Rev. Austin Miles D.C. rioters face stiff penalties--it's about time! A.J. Castellitto The antidote to widespread evil, atrocity and tyranny Selwyn Duke The Women's March and the real deplorables Gabriel Garnica Waving at windmills wearing vulgar hats Cliff Kincaid Will Trump's CIA investigate itself?   More columns Cartoons Click for full cartoon More cartoons RSS feeds News: Columns: Columnists Matt C. Abbott Chris Adamo Russ J. Alan Bonnie Alba Jamie Freeze Baird Chuck Baldwin Kevin J. Banet J. Matt Barber . . . [See more] Sister sites  
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Irish Saturday 28 January 2017 Wizz Air chief: keeping costs lower than Ryanair and not 'alienating' passengers key Wizz Air's ceo reveals how he's gone from departure lounge games to maximising the time he spends waiting at airports as he runs the burgeoning business which he founded after being in charge of Hungary's failed carrier Malev. He is confident that his airline's success in the central and eastern European market will continue as it focuses on consumer needs and invests in highly educated cabin crew at its Swiss HQ - and keeps fares as low as possible for passengers. He spoke to John Mulligan Published 19/01/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share Wizz Air chief: keeping costs lower than Ryanair and not 'alienating' passengers key Independent.ie When Jozsef Varadi worked with consumer goods giant Procter and Gamble, he spent a lot of time flying. http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/wizz-air-chief-keeping-costs-lower-than-ryanair-and-not-alienating-passengers-key-35378444.html http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/article35378450.ece/2a666/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-01-19_bus_27935946_I1.JPG Email Wizz Air ceo Jozsef Varadi speaking at the event in Dublin When Jozsef Varadi worked with consumer goods giant Procter and Gamble, he spent a lot of time flying. Share Wizz Air chief: keeping costs lower than Ryanair and not 'alienating' passengers key Independent.ie When Jozsef Varadi worked with consumer goods giant Procter and Gamble, he spent a lot of time flying. http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/wizz-air-chief-keeping-costs-lower-than-ryanair-and-not-alienating-passengers-key-35378444.html http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/article35378450.ece/2a666/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-01-19_bus_27935946_I1.JPG Email Go To Comments The job may have changed, but he still spends a big chunk of his time in the air. Hardly unexpected, but the problem is how to use the time productively, he admits, shunning a cup of coffee in a hotel next to Dublin's convention centre where one of two major aviation conferences is the capital this week is being held. And Varadi has a confession to make. "Five or six years ago I think I must have been one of the best in the world at Brick-Breaker," says the 51-year-old of the video game that was pre-loaded onto Blackberry devices. "It's been one of the challenges. I am wasting so much time in airports and on aircraft. How do I use that time productively rather than just playing Brick-Breaker on a Blackberry?" But the ceo of Wizz Air, which listed on the London Stock Exchange and a FTSE-250 company, has obviously not been whiling away all his downtime. Having founded Wizz Air and launched it in 2004 (its first flight took off from Katowice in Poland), the carrier has grown to become the largest low-cost airline in central and eastern Europe (CEE), managing - for now at least - to stay ahead of Ryanair in many of the countries in which it has bases. Wizz Air's revenue in its last financial year (to March 2016) was €1.42bn and it made a profit after tax of €223.9m. The figures were up 16pc and 53pc respectively on the previous year. This financial year, it expects to deliver a pre-tax profit of between €245m and €255m. With a fleet of 73 aircraft, Wizz Air serves about 130 airports in 38 countries. It carried 23 million passengers in the 2016 calendar year, which was a 19pc increase on 2015. It should have about 100 aircraft in service by next year, and has an order of 110 Airbus A321neos that it will start taking delivery of in 2019. While Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary has previously said that the Irish airline will become the biggest in CEE by 2018, Varadi insists that who's first or second doesn't matter. "It's not the way to look at life," he says. "Ryanair has a particular style of business. They have a different level of financial support; they have a lot of aircraft [more than 300 at the moment]. "It's not the way we measure ourselves. As long as we are the lowest-cost producer in the industry, we are going to be fine competing with Ryanair and others." Wizz Air is the biggest carrier in seven of 12 of the CEE markets it's in. Ryanair is the leader in three, including Poland, Lithuania and Slovakia. For Varadi, the business is all about costs and keeping them low in order to deliver cheaper fares to consumers. Its operating margin in its last financial year was 16.5pc compared to Ryanair's 22pc. Wizz's return on capital employed - a measure of profitability that shows how efficiently a company can generate profits from its employed capital - was 22.4pc in its last financial year, compared to Ryanair's 21.94pc. He also learned lessons from Hungary's failed former flag carrier Malev, which he ran for two years from 2001 to 2003 after leaving Procter & Gamble. Malev collapsed in 2012, with most of its leased fleet parked up at Shannon Airport at the time. "At Procter & Gamble, I learned how to think about consumers, and how to think about a business on a global or at least a European basis," he says. "At Malev, I basically learned how not to do business. I saw that if I did everything just the total opposite to how they were doing it at Malev, I'd be fine." Varadi says that Wizz Air has also managed to differentiate itself from Ryanair through its approach to customers, right from its launch over a decade ago. It wasn't until 2013 that Ryanair (28 years after its first flight) had an epiphany that putting customers at the centre of its business might actually be a good idea. Interestingly, that campaign has been driven at Ryanair by Kenny Jacobs, whose background is also with consumer-focused businesses, such as Tesco and Moneysupermarket. "We never found the need to alienate passengers," says Varadi, who concedes that Ryanair is a "great business" (Varadi was even flying back to Budapest this week with his rival). Wizz Air's chairman is US aviation guru Bill Franke, whose Indigo Partners owns about 20pc of the airline's equity (Varadi owns about 4pc). Indigo's co-founder is US billionaire David Bonderman, the chairman of Ryanair. "Ryanair helped us become the airline that we are," he adds. "But we are not Ryanair. We have always been much more focused on the needs of the consumer. "We have been making significant efforts to become the home carrier for Hungarians, but also for Polish people to feel we are the Polish airline, for Romanians to feel we are theirs." Varadi points out that 80pc of Wizz Air's cabin crew have a degree. "Their attitude to the job they do is significantly different to those in other airlines," he says. What such highly-educated cabin crew says about job opportunities in the Hungarian economy is another thing (but unemployment there did hit a record low of 4.9pc last year). And there's another thing. Wizz Air is tax resident in Switzerland (Varadi lives in Geneva). The guidance it has given the market is for an effective tax rate of about 10pc, but that's subject to profitability levels and other factors. Varadi maintains that basing itself in Switzerland was necessary at the beginning to lure the kind of high-level and experienced senior talent the airline needed. Luring them to Budapest at the time might have been a tougher sell. So, with Hungary having now cut its corporate tax rate to just 9pc, is it time for Wizz Air to make a beeline home? "Tax is a consideration, but the other consideration is that we need to be able to attract the best talent available to the business. Taxation is never something you can bet on. "One country may look very favourable today, but we don't know what may happen a few years down the line." Indeed. Just look at the UK, headed for a hard Brexit. But Varadi says he remains confident about the UK's economic outlook. Wizz Air has slowed its planned expansion in the UK, but is still growing there by about 16pc a year. "You see other countries outside the European Union that are doing well, so there is life outside the EU. The UK will remain a very substantial part of Europe. "There might be some bumps on the road, but I'm a big believer in the UK." Indo Business Follow @Indobusiness Read More Winning lottery ticket seller Applegreen sees 5pc shares lift  Reuters European shares held around one-year highs, supported by mergers and acquisitions-related optimism, with Johnson & Johnson's $30bn (€28bn) deal to buy Actelion lifting shares in the Swiss biotech firm. 225 Nama debtors paid less than 20pc of loan  Gordon Deegan NEW figures have revealed that 225 debtors who have exited Nama have done so after paying off less than 20pc of their original bank loans of €27.3bn. Killian feels the heat after Aryzta takes €1.4bn hit  John Mulligan With more than €1.4bn wiped off the market value of Swiss-Irish baked goods giant Aryzta this week, ceo Owen Killian is - if he wasn't already - looking over his shoulder. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Black Friday hit Irish retail sales in December  Irish Barclays expected to hire up to 150 staff as it chooses Dublin as main EU hub post-Brexit  Irish Glanbia announces investment in new US facility  Irish NASA 'cuts live feed from international space station' after mysterious object...  Video 'I’m angry, my country has let me down' - Mother forced to live in shed in wait for...  Irish News MUST WATCH: Adorable four-year-old girl wins hearts around the world with her...  Have You Seen Peek inside Penelope Disick's minimalist bedroom designed by her mum Kourtney...  Homes INM photographer Gerry Mooney named PPAI’s Press Photographer of the Year...  Media & Marketing Donald Trump to publish weekly list of crimes committed by immigrants 'I’m angry, my country has let me down' - Mother forced to live in shed in wait for lifesaving drug for daughter Labour is out of Government - but it is never truly out of power 'Trump will get rid of you', man rages in 'attack' on Muslim worker at JFK Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business Winning lottery ticket seller Applegreen sees 5pc shares lift European shares held around one-year highs, supported by mergers and acquisitions-related... 225 Nama debtors paid less than 20pc of loan NEW figures have revealed that 225 debtors who have exited Nama have done so after... Killian feels the heat after Aryzta takes €1.4bn hit With more than €1.4bn wiped off the market value of Swiss-Irish baked goods giant Aryzta... Circle Oil assets sold as it enters administration Irish-registered oil and gas firm Circle oil has been placed into administration with the... Brexit vote and online sales hit retailers Irish retail sales fell in December once car sales are stripped out, with signs cross-border... Glanbia close to €374m joint venture deal for new US plant Irish dairy producer Glanbia has announced it is in advanced discussions to build and... PwC nets €600,000 in State fees for Apple probe Consultants PwC has been the biggest single beneficiary of fees from the State in... Circle Oil to be wound up after sale of €28m in assets Irish oil and gas company Circle Oil has been placed into administration with the... Black Friday hit Irish retail sales in December Irish retail sales fell in December once car sales are stripped out, with signs Black Friday... Number of mortgage approvals rises significantly in December Mortgage approvals rose by 29pc in December, and rose by 61pc compared to November... How better animal husbandry can make a herd more profitable VIDEO: How Much Is Your House Worth? Ireland's most comprehensive survey of prices shows calm in the capital, heated... VIDEO: Facebook takes fake news ' very seriously' Nicola Mendelsohn, Facebook's Vice President for Europe, the Middle East and... VIDEO: Russia releases silver Trump commemorative coin A Russian company has issued silver coins with Donald Trump's face on them to... VIDEO - May: Maintaining common travel area with Ireland a priority 'The family ties and bonds of affection that... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... VIDEO: Revealed - Which is better? Cows milk or almond milk? VIDEO: Donald Trump's top five Twitter feuds Following his latest online spat with Meryl Streep, take a look back at... VIDEO: iPhone marks 10th anniversary The iPhone, the device that redefined the mobile phone and has helped make... VIDEO: Record airlift of thoroughbreds from Ireland to China as 76 animals airlifted from Shannon Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat See the Super Ads Check out the latest Big Game spots and updates all in one place No, It's Not a Watermelon This pregnancy test ad was met with howls of laughter Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Headlines: Press: Condé Nast Ditches the Title … TV: Nielsen Modifies Its Total Con… Tech: Pinterest Makes First Push in … Ads & Brands: Ogilvy Unveils a Global Restru… FCB Hires mcgarrybowen's Global CMO to Fill Top Communications Role Brandon Cooke will lead PR efforts By Patrick Coffee January 18, 2017, 4:14 PM EST Advertising & Branding Cooke will help promote the network's "Never Finished" platform. FCB FCB has hired Brandon Cooke to serve as its new global chief communications officer. The mcgarrybowen veteran replaces Stephen Martincic, who now serves as chief brand and marketing officer for Ascential, owner of the Cannes Lions Festival. "We were looking for someone for this role with the right talent, track record and character to help further fuel the positive momentum that we are experiencing in the network," said FCB worldwide CEO Carter Murray in a statement, adding, "Brandon is all of that and more: He has talent, a great sense of humor and of self, and ambition—and I cannot wait for him to get started." The incoming comms chief's primary responsibility will be promoting the IPG agency's "creative transformation story," which Murray and global chief creative officer Susan Credle have labeled "Never Finished." In a February 2016 Adweek interview, Credle expressed the principle behind that effort as such: "This job of marketing and advertising is never finished, and we must always be evolving, whether it's our thinking on a brand or the way we figure out what we do as an agency." "FCB is a storied agency in the midst of an incredible transformation driven by new talent, new creative firepower and an impressive network offering," Murray's statement read. Cooke spent nearly seven years with the mcgarrybowen organization, most recently leading its new business efforts as global chief marketing officer and playing key roles in the additions of Intel, United Airlines, P&G, Fiat Chrysler and Clorox to its client roster. "[Brandon] has built brands on both the agency and client sides of the business," Murray said of his latest executive hire, "and understands what is needed to help marketers create, define and share their story." Cooke's last day at mcgarrybowen will be Jan. 25. Get the Advertising & Branding newsletter: Check out our other newsletters: Daily Digest Brandweek Technology Today The AdFreak Daily Advertising & Branding Television Today Television Upfront Digital Content NewFronts Promotions & Offers   Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: Brandon Cooke, FCB, Mcgarrybowen, Agency Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! About the Author Patrick Coffee is editor of AgencySpy. Follow Comments View the discussion thread. 3 1 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Advertisement Featured Jobs Audience Development Analyst WNET New York Public Media 10019, New York City SEO/Editorial Freelancer New Hope Media LLC New York City, New York Account Director Happy Medium Des Moines, IA or Chicago, IL Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York See More Jobs Editor's Picks Ogilvy Unveils a Global Restructuring to Kick Off Its 'Next Chapter' Ad of the Day: First Ad From McDonald's New Agency Says 'There's a Big Mac for That' T-Mobile's CEO Just Tweeted That the Brand Is Running a Super Bowl Ad This Year Sprint Promises a 'Real Cliffhanger' for Its Super Bowl Ad Wonderful Pistachios and Fiji Water Both Line Up 15-Second Super Bowl Ads Pinterest Makes First Push in Targeting Super Bowl Viewers With Personalized Microsite Avocado Mentions Jumped 371% on Twitter After Trump Proposed Tax on Mexican Goods Animal Planet and Pedigree Add VR and Branded Content to This Year’s Puppy Bowl The Coen Brothers Return to the Super Bowl After 15 Years With This Mercedes Ad Advertisement Adweek Blog Network Follow @Adweek FCB has hired Brandon Cooke to serve as its new global chief communications officer. The mcgarrybowen veteran replaces Stephen Martincic, who now serves as chief brand and marketing officer for Ascential, owner of the Cannes Lions Festival. "We were looking for someone for this role with the right talent, track record and character to help further fuel the positive momentum that we are experiencing in the network," said FCB worldwide CEO Carter Murray in a statement, adding, "Brandon is all of that and more: He has talent, a great sense of humor and of self, and ambition—and I cannot wait for him to get started." The incoming comms chief's primary responsibility will be promoting the IPG agency's "creative transformation story," which Murray and global chief creative officer Susan Credle have labeled "Never Finished." In a February 2016 Adweek interview, Credle expressed the principle behind that effort as such: "This job of marketing and advertising is never finished, and we must always be evolving, whether it's our thinking on a brand or the way we figure out what we do as an agency." "FCB is a storied agency in the midst of an incredible transformation driven by new talent, new creative firepower and an impressive network offering," Murray's statement read. Cooke spent nearly seven years with the mcgarrybowen organization, most recently leading its new business efforts as global chief marketing officer and playing key roles in the additions of Intel, United Airlines, P&G, Fiat Chrysler and Clorox to its client roster. "[Brandon] has built brands on both the agency and client sides of the business," Murray said of his latest executive hire, "and understands what is needed to help marketers create, define and share their story." Cooke's last day at mcgarrybowen will be Jan. 25. Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2017 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Says All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Business January 18, 2017 3:14 PM Why companies might be announcing new jobs ahead of Trump inaugural From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Jeff Chiu AP i By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ and BILL VLASIC New York Times LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Donald Trump won’t be sworn in until Friday but big business has already thrown him a veritable inaugural ball. A series of blue-chip companies, among them Ford, Lockheed Martin, Amazon and Sprint, have all announced plans in recent weeks to hire and invest in the United States. A who’s who of executives from boardrooms here and overseas have made the pilgrimage to Trump Tower and sought the president-elect’s blessing. The near-daily drumbeat of announcements – on Tuesday it was the turn of General Motors and Wal-Mart – is not just about winning good headlines or a favorable mention from the tweeter in chief, however. While the jobs and investments are real enough, all of these corporate behemoths will soon have business before the new administration, with make-or-break moves expected on mergers, trade policy, tax reform, defense contracts and regulation. Signaling to the president-elect and his team that they are on board now also provides chief executives with more leverage down the line. “It might be an attempt to buy goodwill, but I don’t blame them for trying to do that,” said Tom C. Korologos, a longtime Republican strategist and an adviser at the law firm DLA Piper in Washington. “It’s a new administration, and companies are nervous and don’t know what to expect.” Ultimately, the new administration’s decisions will be formulated far from the limelight in conference rooms at federal agencies in Washington or behind closed doors on Capitol Hill. The money riding on the outcome runs into the trillions. And on high-profile issues, the companies will need to make a strong case. Detroit automakers, for example, are concerned that Washington will impose tariffs on cars made in Mexico, but they are eager for wiggle room on new fuel-efficiency standards at home. Wal-Mart is worried about rising trade tensions with China, where many of the products it sells are made. Lockheed Martin, whose chief executive, Marillyn A. Hewson, met with Trump on Friday and promised to create 1,800 new jobs, depends on the government for 20 percent of its $46 billion in revenue. United Technologies, which agreed to preserve 850 jobs at its Carrier unit in Indianapolis after public pressure from Trump, gets about 10 percent of its sales from Washington. On a call with the news media on Tuesday, Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, cited a new pledge by Bayer to invest $8 billion in the United States and create 3,000 jobs. “The reason for this commitment and expansion is because of the president-elect’s focus on creating better business climate here in the United States,” he said. What Spicer didn’t mention is that Bayer, the German chemical giant, faces intense scrutiny from antitrust regulators in Washington and Europe over its plan to buy Monsanto, based in St. Louis, for $57 billion. If Bayer cannot win approval from the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission, it will be costly, with Bayer obligated to pay Monsanto $2 billion under the deal’s terms. Last week, the chief executives of the two companies met with Trump and made their case for the merger, which some advisers to Trump have criticized. Korologos played down the idea that big business would get specific favors in exchange for hiring or investing. But he acknowledged that many of the announcements were choreographed for maximum political impact. “There’s too many hoops to jump through and too many institutions for it to be a simple quid pro quo,” he said. “But what Trump is doing is very unusual, and these decisions weren’t made 48 hours ago or after a tweet. They were in the works for a long time.” Spicer did point out that Bayer’s decision to hire and invest more in the United States had not been disclosed previously – unlike some highly promoted announcements that were essentially recycled versions of previous news releases. In other cases, companies are talking up hiring plans now, after earlier decisions to quietly shed workers. Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest private employer, said Tuesday it would create about 10,000 jobs when it opens about 60 new stores, plans that had already been announced last year. The additions to the workforce are largely in line with Wal-Mart’s typical hiring practices for new stores, according to a company spokesman, Lorenzo Lopez. Months before it announced the new stores last year, Wal-Mart said it could lose as many as 16,000 workers by closing 154 of its U.S. locations and 115 stores overseas. Lopez said “a lot” of the workers who had been affected by the store closures were able to move to surrounding Wal-Mart stores. In the case of the auto industry, Trump’s criticism of imports of Mexican-made vehicles has prompted companies to defend their U.S. manufacturing presence aggressively and announce new investments, some of which had long been in the planning stages. Last week, the chief executive of Fiat Chrysler, Sergio Marchionne, admitted that plans for 2,000 new jobs in the United States had been under consideration long before Trump won the presidency in November. “The decision has been in the works for a long time, dating back to 2015,” Marchionne said during an appearance at the Detroit auto show. “It is just a continuation of the retooling of the U.S. manufacturing base.” But Trump’s immediate – and positive – reaction to the announcement underscored how closely the president-elect is following the automotive job picture, and how his keen interest in U.S. manufacturing is influencing automakers. On Tuesday, General Motors, the largest U.S. automaker, announced $1 billion in new investment in its U.S. factories that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. The automaker also said it was moving production of axles from Mexico to the United States and creating 450 U.S. jobs, and would continue to add thousands of new technology jobs over the next few years. In a statement, GM said the plans had been “in the works for some time.” Yet the timing of the announcement was no coincidence, given Trump’s interest. “There’s no question there is an emphasis on job creation in the U.S. right now,” said Patrick E. Morrissey, a GM spokesman. “This was good timing for us to share what we are doing.” Indeed, on Tuesday, Trump publicly thanked GM and Wal-Mart via Twitter within hours of their announcements. Companies are also closely attuned to where government policy is headed, and want to show they are getting with the program, said Bruce P. Mehlman, founder of Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, a lobbying firm whose clients include Fiat Chrysler, Procter & Gamble and Walmart. “In 2009 and 2010 under President Obama, it was sustainability, and in 2017 with Trump it’s domestic manufacturing,” Mehlman said. For automakers, that is an important issue as GM and many other companies make cars in Mexico for sale in the United States. The automaker has so far declined to stop importing cars from Mexico. But the entire auto industry is bracing for potential changes in the North American Free Trade Agreement that could disrupt their intricate production structure in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Industry analysts see the widely publicized announcements of new jobs as attempts by car companies to both blunt the president-elect’s criticism and curry favor with the incoming Trump administration. “Retaining and growing jobs in the U.S. is a political hot button right now,” said Michael Harley, an analyst with the auto research firm Kelley Blue Book. “The timing of the announcement shows General Motors is more than willing to play the new administration’s publicity game.” Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:25 Protest along Albemarle Rd. Pause 0:45 Charlotte soccer stadium gets county approval - commissioner explains 'no' vote 1:04 File video: Accused Rock Hill killer fires lawyer 1:34 Rock Hill parents of murder victim talk about how he tried to save his killer 1:20 File video: Rock Hill man pleads guilty in 2015 crime spree; prosecutors say he shot wrong man 1:16 Remembering Josue Javier Diaz 3:34 Police release body camera video of fatal 2016 shooting 0:35 Catholics gather in support against abortion 0:57 Girls watch Hidden Figures movie 1:15 Charlotte School of Law reopened Monday Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 15 hours ago Rea Road Hotel site controversy 0:56 15 hours ago Rea Road Hotel site controversy 1:15 4 days ago Charlotte School of Law reopened Monday 0:40 10 days ago Lighting the crown time-lapse View more video Business Shares of Charlotte-based Jeld-Wen up more than 13% in trading debut Investors seek to push Siskey-run investment fund into bankruptcy Sorting through credit card offers? Here are 5 things to know Labor Department website for Wells Fargo complaints removed Hundreds of new residences, movie theater, hotel and restaurants planned in northeast Mecklenburg Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER 9:27 PM ET President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. Muslims Say Visa Ban Hurts Friends and Bolsters Rivals By DECLAN WALSH 9:07 PM ET President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown 8:26 PM ET Read the Executive Order Here 8:22 PM ET U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ By SOMINI SENGUPTA 5:06 PM ET The new ambassador, Nikki R. Haley, put the United Nations on notice, saying, “You’re going to see a change in the way we do business.” More in Politics Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone 7:21 PM ET People gathered at the National Mall for the annual March for Life in Washington on Friday. Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Abortion Foes March on Washington A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. Abortion Opponents See Their Long-Held Goals in Reach Women’s March Raises Stakes for Abortion Foes Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments Briefing: G.O.P. Split Ahead of Trump’s Call to Putin Why Trump’s Claim of Vote Fraud Is So Dubious By MICHAEL D. SHEAR The president offered praise for a man whose claims about illegal voting have been debunked time and again. Who Is Registered to Vote in 2 States? Some in Trump’s Inner Circle Trump Sought Crowd Photos From National Park Service By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and MAGGIE HABERMAN Mr. Trump asked the acting chief why the agency had retweeted an unflattering comparison of his inauguration crowd, and asked if he could produce photographic evidence of a larger turnout. Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans By CECILIA KANG The tech company had many close links to the Obama administration. Now it’s scrambling to forge ties with President Trump and a Republican-dominated Congress. The Economy Grew 1.6% Last Year. Can Trump Get It to 4%? By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:47 PM ET The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans. Economic View Trump Can Sway Factories. For Now. By JUSTIN WOLFERS Though the president’s pressure on companies to stay in the U.S. may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might hinder manufacturing.  Comments How a Civilian Prosecution Gave the U.S. a Key Informant By ADAM GOLDMAN and BENJAMIN WEISER A Somali who pleaded guilty to supporting terrorists was not tried before a military commission. Still, he became one of the nation’s most important informants. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Friday Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 9:48 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. California Today: What Might Happen if Obamacare Is Repealed By MIKE McPHATE Friday: Bracing for an end to Obamacare, more good news on the drought, and welcoming the Year of the Rooster. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls. By ANNIE CORREAL  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Nonfiction ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’: Unearthing New Evidence By JASON PARHAM In Timothy B. Tyson’s meticulous retelling, he interviews the woman whose allegations led to Till’s lynching in1955. She admits she lied in court. Australian Open Finals Primer on 2 Famous Matchups By VICTOR MATHER 6:41 PM ET The Australian Open finals begin at 3:30 a.m. Eastern. The women’s match is Saturday; the men’s final is Sunday. Here’s everything you need to know. Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry 6:12 PM ET Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic 8:35 PM ET In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees By JESSE McKINLEY There are a number of proposals for new fees and other changes in tax law buried amid the thousands of pages in the new budget documents. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region A New Opening, but Obstacles Remain for Keystone Pipeline Gambia’s New President Finally Comes Home California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Hugs and Hard Labor on an Indiana Farm With sturdy threads of work and affection, my grandmother was weaving the torn world back together for me. Big Air Is Not All About the Latest Trick Ahead of this week’s X Games and next year’s Olympics, successful quadruple flips in snowboarding have revived discussions about spinning to win versus riding with style. Couture in the Shadow of the Women’s March What does female empowerment look like in a discipline defined by fantasy and tradition? The Opinion Pages An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND 6:50 PM ET Freezing the resettlement program undermines U.S. moral leadership and national security.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER 8:01 PM ET Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: Making the Rust Belt Rustier Is Donald Trump ‘Mr. Brexit’? By JONATHAN COE 5:52 PM ET What America has in common with Theresa May’s Britain. Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? By MICHAEL CHABON and AYELET WALDMAN 4:54 PM ET In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.“ Editorial: Mr. Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ Will Harm Global Health Rattner: An Extremist Holding the Purse Strings The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Opinion Does a Protest’s Size Matter? Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Opinion The Intellectual Life of Violence Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion One Syrian Family’s Journey to America Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Opinion Egypt’s Rickety Dictatorship Books Critic’s Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a Must-Read Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » Ex-Volkswagen Chief Investigated by Germany in Emissions Cheating Scandal Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Opinion: Donald Trump, the Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Editorial: Donald Trump’s Mexico Tantrum David Brooks: The Politics of Cowardice U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Trump Bars Syrian Refugees Indefinitely to Keep Terrorists Out Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires and a Satisfied Smile In Private, Republican Lawmakers Agonize Over Health Law Repeal Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street 2 Charged in Ponzi Scheme Built Around ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 J.S.G. Boggs, Artist, Dies at 62; He Made Money. Literally. Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks NA Scuffle Trump Startup Lahore Raees Cricket Print Story X Print Story Home / pakistan / Alibaba group expresses interest in investment in Pakistan Alibaba group expresses interest in investment in Pakistan | By  Irfan Aftab & Khalid Hameed Farooqi | January 18, 2017 Pakistan 0 0 Related Stories PM Nawaz meets Swiss President in Davos Pakistan's economy strengthening day by day: PM Nawaz DAVOS: Chairman of Alibaba group Jack Ma met with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday and showed keen interest in investing in Pakistan. Both met in Davos, Switzerland on the sidelines of the 2017 World Economic Forum. Jack Ma said that they have a lot of interest in investing and have closely followed positive economic developments in Pakistan and ready to invest in building eCommerce platform. He said that China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) has provided immense opportunities. Prime Minister invited Jack Ma to visit Pakistan at the earliest opportunity. While accepting the invitation Chairman Alibaba group invited Nawaz Sharif to visit his company's hub - Ghuangzou. Jack Ma mentioned that 60 million companies worldwide were only benefiting from their group at the moment. The Prime Minister, who is attending the ongoing World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, also met with Group CEO of Standard Chartered Bank Global, Chairman of Procter & Gamble and Group CEO of VimpelCom. PM Nawaz Sharif also met Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe. Our corresponding Khalid Hameed Farooqi said that the meeting with corporate leaders was encouraging as it will create more investment opportunities in the country. He said that meeting such as with Chairman Ali Baba group would be beneficial also for the small companies in Pakistan. He further said the PM was meeting with those corporate leaders who can promote country's small trade. 0 0 Alibaba group expresses interest in investment in Pakistan was posted in pakistan of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on January 18, 2017 and was last updated on January 18, 2017. This news story is related to Geo News, Geo Tv, Latest News Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan News, Wef, Jack Ma, Nawaz Sharif, World Economic Forum, Davos, Switzerland. Permanent link to the news story "Alibaba group expresses interest in investment in Pakistan" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/127851-Alibaba-group-expresses-interest-in-investment-in-Pakistan. More From Pakistan: January 28, 2017 Suspect gun down in a shootout: Karachi Police January 28, 2017 Volunteers, wildlife dept save snow leopard in dramatic rescue January 27, 2017 Karachi bridges new favourite spot of street criminals January 27, 2017 PML-N, PTI members face off in KP Assembly January 27, 2017 200,000 troops to be deployed during 6th population census: ISPR January 27, 2017 ECP says Afridi’s membership suspended since Oct January 27, 2017 Nusrat Sahar delivers fiery speech, gets invited to chamber once again January 27, 2017 Anusha accuses Imran of doing politics of bullying, blackmailing Latest News 19 minutes ago FDA finds toxic substance in homeopathic teething products, warns against usage 20 minutes ago Suspect gun down in a shootout: Karachi Police 33 minutes ago Filming begins on first Marvel superhero flick with black lead actor 1 hour ago Muslim woman attacked at JFK Airport 1 hour ago US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 1 hour ago It all looks as if the world is preparing for war, says former Soviet president Gorbachev GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
Search About Us Mere Log Phase I Phase II Phase III Phase IV Phase V Phase VI Phase VII Write for us Contact Us Newsletter Subscription Letter to Editor Career Opportunities Team PKKH Archive Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News National World View Region Kashmir Business Sports Science & tech Health Achivements Editorial Blogs Articles Exclusive International Pakistan Multimedia Gallery Videos Heroes Our Heroes Need Their Identity Back Real Life Heroes Scientists of Pakistan Heroes from other fields of life اردو پی کے کے ایچ اردو اردو بلاگ Travelogue HomeNewsBusiness Alibaba group expresses interest in investment in Pakistan 0 By Web Desk on January 18, 2017 Business News DAVOS: Chairman of Alibaba group Jack Ma met with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday and showed seen interest in investing in Pakistan. Both met in Davos, Switzerland on the sidelines of the 2017 World Economic Forum. Jack Ma said that they have a lot of interest in investing and have closely followed positive economic developments in Pakistan and ready to invest in building eCommerce platform. He said that China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) has provided immense opportunities. Prime Minister invited Jack Ma to visit Pakistan at the earliest opportunity. While accepting the invitation Chairman Alibaba group invited Nawaz Sharif to visit his company’s hub – Ghuangzou. Jack Ma mentioned that 60 million companies worldwide were only benefiting from their group at the moment. The Prime Minister, who is attending the ongoing World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, also met with Group CEO of Standard Chartered Bank Global, Chairman of Procter & Gamble and Group CEO of VimpelCom. PM Nawaz Sharif also met Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe.       Source Tags: Alibaba | CPEC | Davos meeting | WEF Web Desk Website Previous ArticleCPEC not aimed at India, says China after criticism by Modi Next Article WEF Chairman praises Pakistan’s economic progress Related Stories iPhone users can now use WhatsApp ‘without Internet’ Over 2,000 Warid, LDN, BCS Employees Offered Permanent Jobs at Jazz Pakistan Internet Exchange Inaugurated in Islamabad Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Your Website (optional) Connect with Us 2901followers 42582likes 43followers You Might Also Like Pakistan ahead of India in Inclusive Development Index: WEF Report ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has been ranked 52nd, ahead of India (60th), among 79 developing economies in ...read more Chinese exports to Pakistan increase following CPEC launch ISLAMABAD: China’s exports to Pakistan considerably increased following the launching of China Pakistan Economic Corridor ...read more Orange Line Metro to become part of CPEC ISLAMABAD: The Orange Line metro project has been included in the China Pakistan Economic Corridor ...read more Recent Posts 0 January 27, 2017 iPhone users can now use WhatsApp ‘without Internet’ 2 January 27, 2017 Over 2,000 Warid, LDN, BCS Employees Offered Permanent Jobs at Jazz 0 January 27, 2017 Pakistan Internet Exchange Inaugurated in Islamabad Popular Post August 18, 2013 Pakistan Cruise Missiles Vs India Ballistic Missile Defense July 15, 2014 Ajit Doval: The Indian who wants to ‘destroy’ Pakistan? February 5, 2014 How to End Insurgency in Kashmir December 15, 2013 ‘Gulf News’ Disgusting Attack on Pakistan Has No Place in Dubai’s 2020 Expo August 1, 2013 Syrian Civil War; Where Do We Stand? PKKH | Pakistan Ka Khuda Hafiz PKKH is Pakistan’s leading alternative policy institute and online news service – working towards creating awareness and highlighting the various global and regional security threats Pakistan faces. PKKH works with analysts, journalists and media personalities in Pakistan to encourage dialogue and action on policy matters as well as creating awareness within the populace about key security and defense issues, using mass media presence, talk shows, advertising, public events and road shows. RECENT POST January 27, 2017 iPhone users can now use WhatsApp ‘without Internet’ January 27, 2017 Over 2,000 Warid, LDN, BCS Employees Offered Permanent Jobs at Jazz January 27, 2017 Pakistan Internet Exchange Inaugurated in Islamabad Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2015 PakistankaKhudahafiz. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter RSS
