Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Procter & Gamble Co.'s Plan to Save $10 Billion The cost cuts are key to P&G's hopes for boosting sales and increasing cash returns to shareholders. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Nov 16, 2016 at 9:30AM Image source: P&G. Many things went wrong for consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) this past year. Fiscal 2016 marked its second straight year of decelerating sales growth as it lost market share in key product categories. P&G also underperformed its own profit target, with core earnings declining 2%. Yet the company blew past management's long-run targets on cutting costs. And executives are hoping to keep that momentum going by squeezing even more cash out of its expense structure over the next few years. Success at slicing costs Five years ago, P&G outlined a plan to knock $1.2 billion out of its annual cost of goods sold. With initiatives like production, packaging, and infrastructure tweaks, the company hit that target for fiscal 2012 before blowing right past it over the next four fiscal years. Overall cost of goods savings for the five-year period amounted to $7.2 billion, or $1.4 billion per year. P&G's cost-cutting. Image source: P&G investor presentation. P&G supplemented those cuts with significant savings elsewhere in the business. Manufacturing expenses plunged, as did overhead costs. The company also gained from reducing complexity in its supply chain and from cutting down the network of marketers and advertising firms that it employs. As a result, the business is becoming more profitable while growing easier to manage. Most of those profit gains were swamped last year by the combination of several negative trends, including a strengthening U.S. dollar and lost growth from P&G's brand divestment initiative. Now that its portfolio is down to the size it wants, though, more of the savings can flow down to the bottom line. Core earnings improved by 5% to start off fiscal 2017, reversing last year's slight decline. The savings plan With its five-year savings plan complete, management rolled out an even more aggressive plan for the next five years. From now through fiscal 2012, CEO David Taylor and his team aim to slice as much as $2 billion out of annual costs for a total savings of $10 billion. PG Cost of Goods Sold (TTM) data by YCharts. Executives plan to plow most of the resulting windfall into initiatives aimed at boosting sales growth. These include the critical research and development (R&D) category, which has held steady at $2 billion per year. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), in contrast, has raised its R&D commitment to $9 billion, up 10% over the last three years. P&G hasn't launched a new $1 billion brand in over a decade, and hefty investments in this area could help turn the tide. Another big piece of the savings will go toward advertising. Increased spending here was a key driver behind last quarter's surprisingly strong sales volume gains. P&G expects to increase advertising support for key brands like Tide detergent and Gillette razor blades while also directing resources toward its very profitable trial programs. The company got its Pampers diapers into the hands of 70% of new moms thanks to its partnerships with hospitals around the country. Its latest Gillette razor blade, meanwhile, made it to around 80% of men on their 18th birthday. Investor returns After reinvesting in the business, the cost savings should still leave room for increased cash returns to shareholders. In fact, P&G aims to deliver $22 billion directly to investors this year through dividends and stock repurchases on the way to meeting its massive $70 billion return goal by 2019. In the current weak sales environment (P&G only expects 2% organic sales growth this year), the company likely couldn't hit that aggressive capital return target while still investing in the business. But significant efficiency gains are giving the company plenty of flexibility in how it chooses to meet its financial targets. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Nov 16, 2016 at 9:30AM Consumer Goods Stocks Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $115.36 down $0.41 (-0.35%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.00 down $-1.07 (-1.29%) Read More 3 Ways Procter & Gamble Co. Is Losing to the Competition 7 Best Payout Ratios in Consumer Goods Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks P&G Stock History -- Why Procter & Gamble Co. Looks Good Long-Term How Procter & Gamble Co. Plans to Deliver $22 Billion to Shareholders This Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research PM Has P&G Stock Crested? A turnaround is showing progress but if it doesn’t ramp up then the 3.2% dividend yield offers downside risk. Nov. 15, 2016 1:27 p.m. ET Procter & Gamble (PG: NYSE) By Wells Fargo Securities ($82.95, Nov. 14, 2016) Procter & Gamble has undergone a large amount of change in recent years, streamlining its portfolio and changing its organizational structure, culture, and incentives with the goal to improve execution and agility. The turnaround is beginning to show... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Taming Federal Debt: The Case for 100-Year Bonds Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bonds Suddenly Look Like a Bargain Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. ETFs: How to Play This Brave New Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Ready to Step on the Gas Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Has the Trump Rally Gone Too Far? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Case for 100-Year Treasuries 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 3 How to Get the Best Financial Advice Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
HOME MAGAZINE CURRENT ISSUE PELLET MILL MAGAZINE SEARCH ARCHIVES E-NEWSLETTERS BIOMASS WEEK PELLET MILL PRESS EVENTS CONFERENCES WEBINARS PLANTS BIOMASS POWER LIST BIOMASS POWER MAP PELLET PRODUCERS LIST PELLET PRODUCERS MAP BIOGAS PRODUCERS LIST BETA BIOGAS PRODUCERS MAP BETA SUBSCRIBE STORE DIRECTORY FIBER PRICE ANALYSIS FREE Follow us on Pellets Power Thermal Biogas Advanced Biofuels Chemicals Groups celebrate Navy’s first ‘net-zero’ energy base By Constellation | November 16, 2016 Naval Facilities Engineering Command has awarded a $170 million, 23-year energy savings performance contract to Constellation, a subsidiary of Exelon Corp., for an energy conservation and distributed generation project that will enable the Marine Corps Logistics Base in Albany, Georgia, to reduce energy use, increase energy security, and meet energy demands from renewable sources. The project includes the installation of an 8.5-MW biomass-fueled, steam-to-electricity (STE) generator, high-efficiency transformers, lighting and boiler upgrades, as well as system controls for a landfill gas electricity generator and centralized monitoring and operation of electricity generation and distribution for the base. With the added generation and conservation measures MCLB Albany officials estimate it will reduce the total annual electrical consumption by 15 percent (7,200 megawatt-hours) annually. This means the base will achieve ‘net zero’ status as it will be an energy-efficient installation where the annual energy demand will be fully met by renewable energy produced on site. Net Zero refers to the installation generating the same amount of energy as it consumes. “We look forward to continuing our efforts to conserve energy while preserving the mission effectiveness of our installation whose focus of effort is the warfighter,” said MCLB Albany’s Commanding Officer Col. James C. Carroll III. “We are always searching for additional opportunities to become the Marine Corps’ as well as the Department of the Navy’s ‘best in class’ installation.” Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany’s newest energy project is the result of nearly five years of planning and collaboration among the Marine Corps, NAVFAC, Procter & Gamble, Constellation, Georgia Power, the Georgia Public Service Commission and the Albany-Dougherty Payroll Development Authority. The logistics base is comprised of 3,600 acres, nearly 400 facilities and Marine Corps-owned and operated utility systems, to include 61 miles of electrical distribution, 19 miles of natural gas distribution, 87 miles of storm water, waste water and potable water lines. Key to the project’s success is the availability of renewable energy steam supply to power the STE generator plant. Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany will purchase steam from a 50-megawatt biomass plant located at P&G’s neighboring facility. In 2015, P&G contracted with Constellation to build, own and operate the cogeneration plant which will supply 100 percent of the steam for P&G’s paper manufacturing facility and generate electricity for the local utility, Georgia Power. “Constellation is proud to support the U.S. Marine Corps’ energy and environmental goals and MCLB Albany’s efforts toward achieving net-zero energy use,” said Constellation Senior Vice President of Distributed Energy Gary Fromer. “This is a public-private collaborative effort that will improve energy security and sustainability for MCLB Albany and P&G, while providing significant cost savings through energy intensity reductions and increasing the use of renewable energy in this community.” Rick McLeod, vice president for P&G product supply, global family care, added, “P&G originally partnered with Constellation and Georgia Power to help increase the amount of renewable energy used in manufacturing Bounty and Charmin. The onsite bio-mass facility will utilize locally abundant waste wood to produce 100 percent of the steam needed for one of P&G’s largest global facilities. We welcome the opportunity to share additional renewable steam with our neighbor, helping MCLB Albany become the first Marine Corps installation to reach net zero.” In 2009, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus issued five aggressive goals aimed at transforming the DON’s energy use, including increasing Alternative Energy Ashore by 2020. The DON will produce at least 50 percent of shore-based energy requirements from alternative sources, with a goal of having 50 percent of Navy and Marine Corps installations net zero.  Previous MCLB Albany energy projects include a 1.9-MW landfill gas-to-energy generator, light-emitting diode (LED) street lighting, solar arrays and a solar hot water heating system. One of the base’s largest projects has been the replacement of the conventional chiller, cooling tower and boiler HVAC system for the Marine Corps Logistics Command headquarters building and installation of the nation’s first underground borehole thermal energy storage systems. DCO Energy LLC, a proven leader in the development of central energy centers, combined-heat-and-power facilities, landfill gas-to-energy and biomass projects will provide engineering, procurement and construction services to Constellation for the MCLB Albany project. Schneider Electric will supply and install system controls. Construction is scheduled for completion in 2018. “Once completed, we expect to be the first Net Zero-energy installation within the Department of the Navy, which will be a significant national achievement and point of pride for our community,” Carroll said.     Related Articles UK trade groups REA, WHA launch biomass heat campaign Northgate Markets, Emerson partner on food waste-to-energy NextCoal International plans bio-coal, bio-oil plant in New York 2016 is a Wrap Business Briefs Study evaluates biomass harvesting methods       Join Our Mailing List ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT   ADVERTISEMENTS Home Subscribe Now Advertising Magazine Blog E-Newsletter Events About Us Contact Us Ethanol Producer Magazine Biodiesel Magazine © Copyright 2016 - BBI International - All rights reserved.
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo CASSIES Shopper Marketing Forum Awards Agency of The Year Media Agency of The Year Digital Agency of The Year PR Agency of The Year Strategy Awards PROMO! Awards AToMiC Awards Shopper Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Home » Agencies, Industry Moves » Sgsco acquires 5Crowd The package design company diversifies its offering with the Toronto-based crowdsourcing shop. By Josh Kolm 4 days ago Toronto’s 5Crowd has been acquired by international package design and production company Sgsco as it continues to diversify its offering for clients. 5Crowd was founded by Bram Warshafsky and Rachel Zimmer, both former brand managers at Johnson & Johnson, at the beginning of 2014. The company specializes in crowdsourcing marketing and content production, using a proprietary platform to engage a network of freelancers in 150 cities globally for production work. Primarily working in CPG, it has worked with clients including Johnson &  Johnson, AB InBev, P&G and Pfizer. Sgsco clients will have access to the software platform that powers 5Crowd’s work, when it makes sense. Both Warshafsky and Zimmer will continue to lead 5Crowd going forward and the agency will maintain its Toronto footprint, working closely with Traffik and its founder Mark Ferrier. Traffik, also based in Toronto, was acquired by Sgsco last summer. “Businesses continue to seek different service options, and [5Crowd] provides a crowdsourced, almost gig-economy solution,” says Aidan Tracey, CEO of Sgsco. While Sgsco is grounded in packaging and production design, it has been diversifying its offering to clients through the other agencies within the group, such as Traffik for integrated communications, Marks for design adaptation, Webb deVlam for brand design and Kwikee for distribution of creative assets and data to partners like retailers and app developers. “All clients today are under significant pressure to grow top line revenue and bottom line earnings,” Tracey says. “But everyone has different needs on the way there. 5Crowd is a rapid, value-based production platform, and I think the reason we acquired it is because that’s a need that exists with a lot of customers who might not use it for everything, but definitely want that choice.” Tags: 5Crowd, SGS, SGS International, SGSCo Related Articles Lg2, Leo Burnett take top prizes at ADCC awards Up to the Minute: Cannes shrinks its juries SapientNitro, Razorfish merge Taxi Montreal wins Promutel What’s propelling Canada’s top agencies? Popular Recent Featured The 2017 CASSIES shortlist revealed Sgsco acquires 5Crowd Lg2, Leo Burnett take top prizes at ADCC awards Agency of the Year 2016: Watch the videos Ecobee’s extreme debut Careers » Screening Room » Illuminating Audi’s latest advancements SickKids gives it 100% for 100 donors Check it out: CAA calms a temper tantrum Ecobee’s extreme debut Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2016 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Professional Haircare Market to Witness Growth Through 2020, Owing to Rising Demand for Hair Color Services, Reports Technavio By Published: Nov 16, 2016 11:23 a.m. ET Share LONDON, Nov 16, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Technavio analysts forecast the global professional haircare marketto grow at a CAGR of close to 4% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. The research study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the global professional haircare marketfor 2016-2020. The report also lists shampoos and conditioners; hair colorants; straightening and perming products; and hair styling products as the four major segments product segments of the professional haircare market. According to Brijesh Kumar Choubey, a lead analyst at Technavio for cosmetics and toiletryresearch, “The market for professional haircare products is likely to see considerable growth in developing countries, where the number of hair salons is on the rise as consumers are increasingly looking for specialized products and extended services such as advice from haircare professionals for their haircare issues.” Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=54332 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio consumer and retail analysts highlight the following three factors that are contributing to the growth of the global professional haircare market: Use of multiple platforms to engage with consumers Leveraging hair salons Rising demand for hair color services Use of multiple platforms to engage with consumers Marketing and consumer engagement plays a vital role in creating awareness, endorsing, and promoting products. Continuous consumer engagement through both offline and online platforms including mobile marketing and spreading product awareness through mobile applications, audio-video formats, and styling tips help engage consumers. Vendors also use celebrity endorsements to differentiate and promote their brands in this intensely competitive market. They are also trying to market their haircare products in-house through salons or beauty parlors. Big salon chains enter partnerships with professional haircare companies to use the companies' products in their salons and to market them to by offering samples and value packages. Daily deal sites like Groupon also have enhanced the sales of professional haircare products. These sites offer exclusive discounts on salon packs, which encourage consumers to avail the services at discounted prices. In addition, the use of smartphones for online shopping has also grown over the years. Most of the orders placed via smartphones are for apparel, skin care products, fragrances, and haircare. Players such as L'Oréal, Sephora, and ULTA Beauty have launched their own mobile applications. Leveraging hair salons The growing number of hair salons across the globe has increased the opportunity for sales of haircare products through this channel. The US hair salon industry, for example, includes 86,000 salons and barber shops. Consumers consult hair salons to get information on hair type and suitable hair products, and for professional setting of hair. Most international manufacturers of haircare products such as L'Oréal and Schwarzkopf sell their professional haircare products through salons. Haircare product vendors also have their own haircare salons. Some of the popular salons include L'Oréal Paris Professionnel by L'Oréal, Wella Professionals Salon by P&G, and Schwarzkopf Professional Salon by Henkel. Marketers of hair shampoos are now targeting professional salons to reach their end-users. In 2014, nearly 100,000 salons worldwide used P&G's Wella Professionals Koleston Perfect hair shampoo for their hairdressing services. Many beauty salon chains also have their own range of haircare products. Rising demand for hair color services The hair dyes segment dominates the global professional haircare market and continues to drive market revenues. Hair fashion trends and evolving consumer lifestyles drive the demand for coloring products. The need for continuous maintenance of hair color also increases the sales of professional after-care products and services. Hair coloring is no longer just a replacement for anti-aging, it is now a matter of style and wellness. In India, for instance, visits to hair salons have increased among men and women as product and service affordability has gone up over the last few years. Consumers here prefer dark shades such as black and brown to cover the gray hair. Hair bleaches and bright colors are popular in the 15-35-year age category. Nearly 80% of professional salons in the country keep a choice of hair color brands to meet the requirements of the consumers. “The macroeconomic factors that have led to this surge in demand for professional hair colorantsinclude lifestyle changes, urbanization, and increased consumer affluence,” says Brijesh. Browse Related Reports: Global Hair Spray Market 2016-2020 Haircare Market in Africa 2016-2020 Global Hair Serum Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can’t find what you’re looking for? Don’t worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161116005362/en/ SOURCE: Technavio Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × The Big Crunch Venezuela's toxic economy has seeped into the filings of 13% of S&P 500 companies this year Mark Fahey | Nicholas Wells Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 11:04 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES The economic implosion of Venezuela and the plunge of its Bolivar currency is showing up in the bottom line of U.S. companies with interests in the South American nation. At least 64 companies on the S&P 500 — about 13 percent of the total — informed investors through regulatory filings this year about write-offs or exposure stemming from the nation's tight grip on imports and exchange rates, according to a CNBC analysis. Venezuela has long relied on profits from the country's state-owned oil company to support local social programs. When oil prices crashed in 2014, President Nicolas Maduro responded to budgetary shortfalls by printing money, instituting price controls and tightening access to U.S. dollars, stoking runaway inflation that is expected to top 1,600 percent in 2017. Without basic goods like food and medicine, the country is facing drawn-out humanitarian and financial crises. U.S. companies have felt the squeeze as the once-lucrative market has collapsed, shutting down or writing off production facilities in the face of raw materials shortages and wild currency swings. show chapters <p>Venezuela&rsquo;s pain spreads</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Eric Chemi reports on how Venezuela&rsquo;s economic turmoil is impacting U.S. companies.</p> Venezuela’s pain spreads    Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 4:50 PM ET | 03:27 At least 10 major U.S. companies have opted to use a rare shift in their accounting rules to "deconsolidate" their Venezuela operations — removing those subsidiaries from their financial statements and effectively writing them off in one big charge. Those companies, which mentioned the country hundreds of times in 2016 filings, include PepsiCo ($1.4 billion), Mondelez ($778 million), Goodyear ($646 million) and Procter & Gamble ($2.1 billion). For some companies, the decision to deconsolidate didn't just ding profits at the end of 2015, when many companies recorded those charges, but has continued to depress expected earnings in 2016. Others have shut down operations in Venezuela entirely: Minneapolis-based General Mills — which mentioned the country 65 times in the filings — finalized the sale in March of its Venezuelan division to Lengfeld Inc., a private investor. In a filing that month, the company forecast a loss on the sale of General Mills de Venezuela of around $35 million. Home products firm Kimberly-Clark pulled out of Venezuela in 2016. As of the end of last year, the company deconsolidated its assets in the country and halted operations at its Caracas plant in July. The government quickly took the plant over and pledged to continue producing goods for locals. Industry experts said that would be impossible, however, because the raw materials are largely unavailable. The factory was later renamed for a local figure who is famous for fighting Spanish colonial rule in the 16th century. Consumer staples companies were especially exposed: Nearly a third of companies in that sector mentioned the country in their 2016 10-Q filings so far, according to a CNBC analysis. Other companies have continued to operate in Venezuela, marking down exchange rate losses and production issues as they come up. Coca Cola, for example, has written down about $132 million since the beginning of 2015 and has warned that future write-downs are also possible if the situation continues to worsen. The company slowed production in a few markets due to sugar shortages. "The most extreme example perhaps is Venezuela, where there was no sugar," President and COO James Quincey said in a July conference call. "We've actually doubled down on really driving Coke with zero sugar in Venezuela with a kind of full red One Brand look." Kellogg said that currency swings cut the company's operating profits by $132 million last year and could cut 10 cents off earnings per share in 2016, with much of that impact coming from Venezuela. Some oil field services companies, like Schlumberger and Halliburton, remain in the country, but have curtailed their operations due to late payments. In July, Halliburton reported that it had taken a $148-million writedown in accepting a promissory note for unpaid invoices from its "primary customer in Venezuela." The filing did not specify that customer by name, but state-owned PDVSA is the only company that operates in Venezuelan oil fields, according to Reuters. In an October note, analysts from Nomura said Halliburton had received its first cash interest payment on that promissory note. Simply mentioning Venezuela in a filing is a sign of exposure to the country, which has had a measurable impact on stock prices. As a group, companies that mentioned the country at least once in their 2016 earnings have underperformed the S&P 500 index by a wide margin. Over the past five years, that index would have underperformed the S&P 500 by 37 percentage points. Mark FaheyData Journalist Nicholas WellsData Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PEP --- S&P 500 --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
GoSearch Replay: KTLA 5 Morning News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 62° 62° Low 55° High 67° Mon 52° 66° Tue 51° 67° Wed 48° 69° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Popular Heartburn Medications Linked to Higher Stroke Risk Posted 7:50 AM, November 16, 2016, by CNN Wire, Updated at 11:23am, November 16, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Sometimes, solving one problem only creates another. Millions of Americans take proton pump inhibitors to treat acid reflux and heartburn. Known as PPIs, they are among the most prescribed drugs in the United States and are widely available over the counter. But according to preliminary research presented Tuesday at an American Heart Association conference in New Orleans, these medications may also increase the risk of ischemic stroke. Ischemic strokes are the most common type of stroke, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They occur when a blood clot cuts off blood flow to the brain. “PPIs have been associated with unhealthy vascular function, including heart attacks, kidney disease and dementia,” said Dr. Thomas Sehested, the study’s lead author and a researcher at the Danish Heart Foundation. “We wanted to see if PPIs also posed a risk for ischemic stroke, especially given their increasing use in the general population.” Most serious warning yet The research was conducted in Denmark among a quarter-million patients who suffered from stomach pain and indigestion, and were taking one of four PPIs: Prilosec, Protonix, Prevacid or Nexium. Overall stroke risk increased 21% among patients who were taking a PPI, according to the study. At the lowest doses, the authors found either no or minimal increased risk of stroke. At the highest doses, they found that stroke risk increased 33% for Prilosec and Prevacid patients, 50% for Nexium patients and 79% for Protonix patients. In an email to CNN, P&G, the company that makes Prilosec, said the drug is an “FDA approved, safe and effective remedy to relieve frequent heartburn symptoms. Prilosec OTC has the longest history of safe and effective consumer use of any [over the counter] PPI.” Takeda, the maker of Prevacid, said it could not comment on the results and conclusions of the study until the full data is published for review. “Patient safety is a top priority … and we continuously monitor the safety of all our medicines and collaborate with regulatory agencies to ensure this information is reflected in the respective prescribing information,” a spokesman said in an email to CNN. AstraZeneca, the maker of Nexium, said, “Patient safety is an important priority … and we believe all of our PPI medicines are generally safe and effective when used in accordance with the label.” A spokeswoman said the company was not consulted during the research, so it could not comment on the data. Pfizer, the maker of Protonix, did not respond to CNN’s request for comment. “At one time, PPIs were thought to be safe, without major side effects,” Sehested said. “This study further questions the cardiovascular safety of these drugs.” For years, doctors have questioned whether too many people are taking heartburn drugs. A pair of 2010 studies found that PPIs were associated with an increased risk of a serious bacterial infection. Stomach acid seems to play a role in killing off both good and bad bacteria in our gut. When someone is taking PPIs, their amount of stomach acid is reduced, and it creates an environment in which bacteria can flourish. “As a culture, we tend to want a pill to deal with our problems, when a lot of people could reduce their heartburn by eating smaller meals, drinking less alcohol or not smoking,” Dr. Michael Katz, who wrote an editorial accompanying the studies, told CNN in 2010. In April, another study published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology found that patients who took PPIs had a 96% increased risk of kidney failure and a 28% increased risk of kidney disease, compared with those who were prescribed alternative medications. What are the alternatives? Medical professionals estimate that the majority of people who suffer from acid reflux or heartburn could drastically or completely reduce their discomfort by making a few lifestyle changes: quit smoking, lose weight and cut back on spicy and fatty foods. If your doctor determines that you do need pills for your problem, pharmacist NaaDede Badger-Plange suggests starting with an antacid, such as Tums, Rolaids or Maalox. “Antacids usually would help if you have less than one incident a week,” Badger-Plange said. “So, if you have heartburn very rarely — especially people who have heartburn associated with certain foods — they could take antacids.” Antacids provide quick relief, but only for a short amount of time, said Badger-Plange, and consumers should pay close attention to the ingredients on the label. If you’re pregnant, you should avoid sodium bicarbonate and magnesium trisilicate. Patients with kidney disease should avoid antacids that contain aluminum. For longer-lasting relief, H2 antagonist medications (also called H2 blockers) are also an option, but they can take a few hours to kick in. “One thing to keep in mind is, certain products that are in the H2 receptor antagonist class have drug interactions,” Badger-Plange said. “So, if you have a lot of medications, you probably want to check with your pharmacist at the counter to make sure it’s OK to take those medications.” As always, you should talk to your doctor before starting or stopping any medication — prescribed or over the counter. For years, Katz has been worried that PPIs “reinforce the idea that the solution to behavioral health issues is to take a pill, and that’s just not how we’re going to get healthier,” he said in 2010. “Consumers need to ask their doctors, ‘Why am I taking this? Do I still need this? Do I have an alternative?’ “ 29.951066 -90.071532 Filed in: Health Smart, Nation/World Topics: American Heart Association, Nexium, Prevacid, Prilosec, Protonix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Twitter Popular New Federal Overtime Law Takes Effect Dec. 1, Will Impact Millions of U.S. Workers Arizona Grandmother’s Accidental Invite to Wrong Teen for Thanksgiving Dinner Goes Viral Texas Teacher Impregnated by 13-Year-Old Student She Had Sex With ‘on Almost Daily Basis’ Pleads Guilty: Report Professor Who Correctly Predicted 2016 Election Outcome Forecasts Trump Impeachment Latest News KTLA Weather: Scattered Showers this AM, Liberte Chan’s Sunday Forecast Liberte and Justice for Paws, November 20, 2016 NASA Launches New Satellite to Improve Aging Weather Satellite System With More Precise Data, Near Real-Time Imagery Priebus Defends Trump’s $25M Settlement Saying President-Elect Wants to Lead Country ‘Without Distraction’ Health Smart Nation/World Little Scientific Evidence That Flossing Is Necessary for Dental Health Health Smart Nation/World Industry Group Paid for Research Linking Heart Disease to Fat Instead of Sugar: Study Health Smart Nation/World Study: Mexico’s Soda Tax Will Save 18,900 Lives, Nearly $1 Billion Over 10 Years Health Smart Nation/World STD Rates Hits Record High in U.S. Amid Spike in 3 Sexually Transmitted Diseases: CDC Politics Hillary Clinton’s Campaign Releases Updated Health Information; Candidate ‘Recovering Well’ Health Smart Nation/World Soda Companies Sponsored Health Organizations While Lobbying Against Public Health Bills: Research Paper Nation/World Nearly Everyone on Earth Now Breathes Polluted Air, WHO Says Nation/World Australian ‘Turbo Coffee’ 80 Times Stronger Than Espresso, Could Keep Coffee Lovers Up for 18 Hours Nation/World Babies and Parents Should Sleep in Same Room for First 6 Months to Reduce Risk of SIDS, Report Shows Health Smart Local News Zika Transmissions Prompt Warning About Travel to Popular Destinations in Mexico Local News Volunteer Search Party Combs Menifee Area for Missing at-Risk Man Health Smart Nation/World Number of Women’s Deaths From Cancer Expected to Rise 60% by 2030: Report Local News Truman Capote’s Ashes Sell for $45,000 at L.A. Auction Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2016, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release The Twin Cities, Massachusetts' Berkshire County, and San Antonio Adopt Baby Box University to Reduce Infant Mortality & Aid Maternal Health By Published: Nov 16, 2016 5:00 a.m. ET Share National Philanthropy Month Events Around the U.S. Give Expecting Mothers Who Complete Online Education Program a Free Baby Box LOS ANGELES, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Baby Box Co., the company behind the global integrated program Baby Box University to improve maternal and infant healthcare outcomes, today announced that approximately one million Baby Boxes are in circulation globally through 2016 community programs to reduce infant mortality and increase maternal and child health. The Baby Box movement continues to accelerate this November with the cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul in Minnesota, Berkshire County in Massachusetts, and San Antonio, Texas all adopting the Baby Box University program to help an additional 30,000+ moms and babies nationwide. The Baby Boxes, which are made from a durable cardboard, can be used as a baby's bed for up to the first eight months of life. Replacing the need for the traditional Moses basket or cot, it is thought the small size of the Baby Box prevents babies from rolling onto their stomachs, which experts believe contributes to SIDS. According to a new study by the American Academy of Pediatrics, which draws on current research and serves as the first update to the Academy policy since 2011, approximately 3,500 infants die annually in the United States from sleep-related deaths, including sudden unexpected infant death (SUID); ill-defined deaths; and accidental suffocation and strangulation. The number of infant deaths initially decreased in the 1990s after a national safe sleep campaign, but has plateaued in recent years. The use of Baby Boxes has been credited with helping Finland achieve one of the world's lowest infant mortality rates. The initiative, which enables every expecting woman in the country to claim a free Baby Box once she receives prenatal care and parenting information from a healthcare professional, is credited with helping to decrease Finland's infant mortality rate from 65 deaths for each 1,000 children born in 1938 to 3 deaths per 1,000 births in 2013.  The success of the Finnish Baby Box intervention inspired the founders of The Baby Box Co. to adapt this tradition with enhanced multi-media parenting curricula through Baby Box University to the benefit of nonprofits, hospitals, government institutions and individual families worldwide. The Baby Box University program's exponential growth has solidified the model as the most impactful safe sleep and parenting education intervention for millennials.  "I'm so proud to empower new parents with the physical and educational resources they need to feel confident," said Jennifer Clary, the CEO of The Baby Box Co., which is supplying these communities with the Baby Boxes and Baby Box University memberships. "Every parent has a right to the necessary tools to care for their infant and every child deserves a safe and supported start in life." The brands included in the Baby Boxes are also committed to the program's education mission, with every product featuring a scientifically proven baby brain-boosting activity parents can do while using the item. "Pampers is proud to be part of the Baby Box programs," said E. Yuri Hermida, vice president, North America Baby Care, P&G.  "As a brand dedicated to the happy, healthy development of babies for more than 50 years, we share Baby Box Co.'s important mission to support expecting parents with health education, and support new babies with a safe sleep environment." Snapshot of Baby Box Launches Across the Nation This Month On November 16th, international nonprofit Babies Need Boxes is holding a community baby shower to kick off the Twin Cities' new Baby Box program, which will be available to every family in Minneapolis and St. Paul, Minnesota, estimated to be 17,000 babies. "We believe it takes an entire community to help families be successful and safe. One of the most inspiring aspects of Babies Need Boxes is the outpouring of support that our program has inspired in mothers and public health professionals," said Danielle Selassie, Executive Director of Babies Need Boxes. "The Twin Cities' universal Baby Box program is the first step in a larger goal of building a strong global community of Baby Box supporters who can come together and help all families, regardless of socio-economic status, achieve their full potential." On November 17 [th] , nonprofit Berkshire Baby Box is hosting a "Baby Box Shower" in Berkshire County, Massachusetts with new parents, expectant moms and special guests to launch the universal countywide program. Senator-Elect Adam Hinds and Massachusetts State Representative Tricia Farley-Bouvier will be speaking at the Berkshire all-county launch.   "Receiving Baby Boxes for safe sleep is the most obvious 'takeaway' from our events, but for pregnant women these gatherings provide education and support by linking new mothers to each other, and to the network of services available in the wider Berkshire community," said Hinda Bodinger, Founder of Berkshire Baby Boxes. University Health System in Texas has a similar goal for San Antonio families. Their staff is launching a San Antonio Baby Box University syllabus, which will shortly thereafter be added to and introduced citywide thanks to B.E.S.T., a groundbreaking safe sleep coalition formed by all the hospital systems in San Antonio working together. "Our pilot program, which distributed Baby Boxes to new parents in need, was an incredible success — generating a lot of interest and excitement and providing each of those babies a safe place to sleep," said George B. Hernàndez Jr., president and CEO of University Health System. "Our region has seen a tragic increase in Sudden Unexpected Infant Deaths, due largely to unsafe sleep practices, and our hope is the expansion of the Baby Box program will start to reverse that trend." Families living in the communities launching Baby Box University programs will be eligible to receive a Baby Box which includes newborn essentials such as Pampers Swaddlers diapers, Pampers baby wipes, Vroom activity cards from the Bezos Family Foundation, Lansinoh breast pads, onesies, and much more. While parents appreciate the Baby Boxes and quality products, it is the educational component and closer communication with local healthcare providers that is at the center of the Baby Box University distribution model. Families will be required to view their community's online curriculum related to prenatal care, breastfeeding, safe sleep practices and newborn care before receiving a free Baby Box. In this way, the Baby Box University program model pays its ultimate homage to the Finnish tradition, which is committed not just to universal product distribution, but to supporting its families with access to healthcare and education. About The Baby Box Co.Entrepreneurs Michelle Vick and Jennifer Clary founded The Baby Box Co. to offer a safe sleep environment to babies everywhere. The Baby Box Co. is an innovative, integrated program to support parents and improve maternal and infant healthcare outcomes globally. The Baby Box Co. partners with hospitals, government agencies and non-profit organizations to provide Baby Boxes, quality products, resources and ongoing education to families on a large scale. Baby Boxes are also available direct to consumer either as a standalone item or filled with new baby essentials. Serving families in 52 countries, The Baby Box Co. has offices in UK, USA, Canada, Australia, and Singapore. For more information or to purchase a Baby Box, please visit www.babyboxco.com and www.babyboxuniversity.com     About Babies Need BoxesBabies Need Boxes is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization that provides the life-saving Finnish Baby Box tradition to families in the United States and abroad. Our mission is to equip families with safe sleep education, a safe sleep environment for their baby, newborn care essentials to promote self-sufficiency and interactive items to foster positive parent/child interactions. For more information please visit. http://www.babiesneedboxes.org. About Berkshire Baby BoxBerkshire Baby Box is a 501(c) 3 non-profit organization that provides the Finnish style "Baby Shower in a Box" to expectant mothers in The Berkshires, Massachusetts. About University Health SystemUniversity Health System is a nationally recognized teaching hospital and network of outpatient healthcare centers, ranked Best Hospital in the San Antonio area by U.S. News & World Report. We provide exceptional care for high-risk mothers-to-be in a 21-county region of South Texas, and offer the highest level of care for newborns with a comprehensive team of neonatal specialists and a Level IV Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.  University Hospital is the premier Level I trauma center and only Level I pediatric trauma center and burn program in South Texas. Learn more at UniversityHealthSystem.com.        Photo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439979  Photo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439980  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160509/365428LOGO  Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439981LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-twin-cities-massachusetts-berkshire-county-and-san-antonio-adopt-baby-box-university-to-reduce-infant-mortality--aid-maternal-health-300363848.html SOURCE The Baby Box Co. Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Indore Patna Express derails: Death toll crosses 100; Suresh Prabhu to arrive at accident spot Patna-Indore express derailed: Indian Railways issues helpline numbers Indore Patna Express derails near Kanpur: Top updates so far Indore Patna express derails: President Pranab Mukherjee condoles loss of lives in accident Demonetisation: Queues get shorter, but problems remain Home Education Consulting sector gets highest share of IIM-C PGDM summer internship Consulting sector gets highest share of IIM-C PGDM summer internship Finance continued to be one of the most sought-after domains among students with 23 per cent of the batch securing internships in the BFSI sector. By: PTI | Kolkata | Published:November 16, 2016 2:50 pm Finance continued to be one of the most sought-after domains among students with 23 per cent of the batch securing internships in the BFSI sector. Consulting sector had the highest share of 24 per cent at the summer internship programme of the PGDM course at IIM Calcutta. Summer Placements for the class of 2018, which concluded last week at the prestigious institute, witnessed out of over 460 summer internship offers made on campus by Mckinsey & Co., Bain & Co., The Boston Consulting Group, AT Kearney and Accenture Strategy, a statement released by the institute said. Finance continued to be one of the most sought-after domains among students with 23 per cent of the batch securing internships in the BFSI sector, it stated. The sector witnessed a surge in the number of banking sector firms and private recruiters participating in the placement process with Goldman Sachs being the top recruiter in the category. The FMCG and Consumer Product firms from the likes of HUL, P&G, ITC, L’oreal, J&J hired in large numbers. Besides, Food & Beverages companies like PepsiCo., Coca Cola, Mondelez, Nestle hired 19 per cent of the batch in Sales & Marketing roles, the release stated. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened Read: IIM Bangalore: Management consulting, FMCG firms emerge as top recruiters in summer placements And 14 per cent of the batch was hired for leadership roles in conglomerates like Tata Administrative Services, Aditya Birla Group, Mahindra & Mahindra and others. Aditya Birla Group stayed on top as the largest & most consistent recruiter in this domain with the highest number of offers, the release said. E-commerce witnessed loss of some recruiters, most of them being start-ups. This loss of roles was mostly made up by the increase in Finance & Leadership roles on the campus. The highest stipend bagged by IIM Calcutta for this summer placement season is Rs 4.5 lakh per month coming from the BFSI sector, it added. For more education news, click here Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News Gujarat: Two dead, three injured after cable bridge collapse in Bharuch Last-minute penalty sinks Roma at Atalanta After hat trick, no one better than Cristiano Ronaldo at Madrid derby Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Back To Mobile Site Back To Mobile Site  |  Manage Subscriptions   Log Out   Log In Alerts Submit a Tip 66° Partner TV Stations Estrella TV This TV Tampa Advertisement Home About Shows Anger Management Big Bang Theory How I Met Your Mother Contests Community Community Calendar Helping Hands Pet Connection Safe Waters Photos Weather Home / Tampa Bay / Project Healthy Kids By Ben Tinker CNN Popular medications linked to higher risk of stroke PPIs widely available over the counter  UPDATED 6:08 PM EST Nov 15, 2016 Text Size: ASmall Text AMedium Text ALarge Text Mario Villafuerte/Getty Images Photos Mario Villafuerte/Getty Images Sometimes, solving one problem only creates another. Related Chelsea returns to top of Premier... Columbia suspends wrestlers over lewd... America's Cup: Land Rover BAR wins... Kanye has a lot in common with Trump Sabra recalls hummus products Millions of Americans take proton pump inhibitors to treat acid reflux and heartburn. Known as PPIs, they are among the most prescribed drugs in the United States and are widely available over the counter. But according to preliminary research presented today at an American Heart Association conference in New Orleans, these medications may also increase the risk of ischemic stroke. Ischemic strokes are the most common type of stroke, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They occur when a blood clot cuts off blood flow to the brain. "PPIs have been associated with unhealthy vascular function, including heart attacks, kidney disease and dementia," said Dr. Thomas Sehested, the study's lead author and a researcher at the Danish Heart Foundation. "We wanted to see if PPIs also posed a risk for ischemic stroke, especially given their increasing use in the general population." Most serious warning yet The research was conducted in Denmark among a quarter-million patients who suffered from stomach pain and indigestion, and were taking one of four PPIs: Prilosec, Protonix, Prevacid or Nexium. Overall stroke risk increased 21% among patients who were taking a PPI, according to the study. At the lowest doses, the authors found either no or minimal increased risk of stroke. At the highest doses, they found that stroke risk increased 33% for Prilosec and Prevacid patients, 50% for Nexium patients and 79% for Protonix patients. In an email to CNN, P&G, the company that makes Prilosec, said the drug is an "FDA approved, safe and effective remedy to relieve frequent heartburn symptoms. Prilosec OTC has the longest history of safe and effective consumer use of any [over the counter] PPI." Takeda, the maker of Prevacid, said it could not comment on the results and conclusions of the study until the full data is published for review. "Patient safety is a top priority ... and we continuously monitor the safety of all our medicines and collaborate with regulatory agencies to ensure this information is reflected in the respective prescribing information," a spokesman said in an email to CNN. AstraZeneca, the maker of Nexium, said, "Patient safety is an important priority ... and we believe all of our PPI medicines are generally safe and effective when used in accordance with the label." A spokeswoman said the company was not consulted during the research, so it could not comment on the data. Pfizer, the maker of Protonix, did not respond to CNN's request for comment. "At one time, PPIs were thought to be safe, without major side effects," Sehested said. "This study further questions the cardiovascular safety of these drugs." For years, doctors have questioned whether too many people are taking heartburn drugs. A pair of 2010 studies found that PPIs were associated with an increased risk of a serious bacterial infection. Stomach acid seems to play a role in killing off both good and bad bacteria in our gut. When someone is taking PPIs, their amount of stomach acid is reduced, and it creates an environment in which bacteria can flourish. "As a culture, we tend to want a pill to deal with our problems, when a lot of people could reduce their heartburn by eating smaller meals, drinking less alcohol or not smoking," Dr. Michael Katz, who wrote an editorial accompanying the studies, told CNN in 2010. In April, another study published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology found that patients who took PPIs had a 96% increased risk of kidney failure and a 28% increased risk of kidney disease, compared with those who were prescribed alternative medications. What are the alternatives? Medical professionals estimate that the majority of people who suffer from acid reflux or heartburn could drastically or completely reduce their discomfort by making a few lifestyle changes: quit smoking, lose weight and cut back on spicy and fatty foods. If your doctor determines that you do need pills for your problem, pharmacist NaaDede Badger-Plange suggests starting with an antacid, such as Tums, Rolaids or Maalox. "Antacids usually would help if you have less than one incident a week," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have heartburn very rarely -- especially people who have heartburn associated with certain foods -- they could take antacids." Antacids provide quick relief, but only for a short amount of time, said Badger-Plange, and consumers should pay close attention to the ingredients on the label. If you're pregnant, you should avoid sodium bicarbonate and magnesium trisilicate. Patients with kidney disease should avoid antacids that contain aluminum. For longer-lasting relief, H2 antagonist medications (also called H2 blockers) are also an option, but they can take a few hours to kick in. "One thing to keep in mind is, certain products that are in the H2 receptor antagonist class have drug interactions," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have a lot of medications, you probably want to check with your pharmacist at the counter to make sure it's OK to take those medications." As always, you should talk to your doctor before starting or stopping any medication -- prescribed or over the counter. For years, Katz has been worried that PPIs "reinforce the idea that the solution to behavioral health issues is to take a pill, and that's just not how we're going to get healthier," he said in 2010. "Consumers need to ask their doctors, 'Why am I taking this? Do I still need this? Do I have an alternative?' " Copyright 2016 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Feature Comments () Print Recommended Comments The views expressed are not those of this site, this station or its affiliated companies. By posting your comments you agree to accept our terms of use. Advertising Latest Updates Recent Stories Recent Videos Don't Miss This Advertising Advertising Best Bets MOR-TV Tampa Bay © 2016, Tampa Bay Hearst Television Inc. on behalf of WMOR. Site Map Disclosures Privacy Policy Terms of Use Public Inspection File EEO-Employment Opportunities TV Station About MOR-TV MOR-TV Jobs Captioning Contacts Advertise Sections MOR Programming MOR Bikini Community Contests Team MOR Services Email Sign-Up Social RSS ConnecTV Partners Hearst Television Lakana CNN NBC ABC Close Reset Session - Logout/Re-attempt Sign In Close Confirm Unsubscribe Are you sure you would like to unsubscribe from all current subscriptions? Yes No Confirm Delete Are you sure you want to delete your profile and all of its subscriptions? Yes No You are logged out Your profile has been deleted. Close Please set an email address for your profile No email address was supplied by . To complete your registration on this site, please supply an address. Please confirm or modify the email address to which you will have subscription offers sent. Email Save and Close Cancel Personalize Profile For a more personalized experience, please supply the following optional information. Display Name Zip Code Submit Cancel
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Money Groupon Money Groupon at centre of fake goods scandal as probe reveals sale of dodgy designer gear A BBC Watchdog probe revealed gold jewellery was nothing but costume jewellery  Share  Comments ByRuki Sayid 00:16, 16 NOV 2016 Updated09:58, 16 NOV 2016 Money Groupon at centre of fake goods scandal as probe reveals sale of dodgy designer gear (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Popular deals website Groupon is at the centre of a fake goods scandal after an investigation revealed sellers flogging dodgy designer gear and jewellery. A probe by the BBC ’s Watchdog programme found a set of gold sapphire earrings said to be worth £300 but knocked down by a staggering 95% were no more than costume jewellery. For experts from hallmark specialists The London Assay Office found they were worthless as the metal contained no gold and the gems were also fake. Chris Walne from The London Assay Office said: “Groupon are breaking UK law by claiming the stones are sapphires and by using terms like ‘white gold filled’. We could not see any gold at all on those earrings. I wouldn’t buy them for £2 let alone £15 or £300.” Shoppers were also stung by desirable Ralph Lauren shirts slashed by 53% which were found to be counterfeit by Trading Standards officers. And an industrial size box of best selling Ariel washing powder on sale for half price at £21.98 was unmasked as a copycat version following tests by parent company Proctor and Gamble. Jewellery was found to be nothing but costume pieces The hit show to be screened on BBC1 tonight at 8pm revealed Groupon customer Carl Churchman of Hove, Sussex became suspicious when the powder failed to create suds in his washing machine or have the familiar Ariel smell. And when his skin started to itch and he developed a rash after washing bed linen with the powder, he sent a sample to Proctor and Gamble to complain. But tests revealed the washing powder was not Ariel. Watchdog presenter Nikki Fox said: “Groupon is a trusted name online but as our research shows you can’t always trust the deals on their site. Some of the prices look unbelievable and as tonight’s Watchdog reveals - they are.” In a statement Groupon told Watchdog it was investigating the gold earrings scam and said it had axed them from its site. It said: “Any customer who is concerned about a deal they have bought should contact us so we can resolve their query.” And the statement added: “As with any major online retailer, we take counterfeiting seriously and work hard to make sure that no-one ends up being disappointed with their purchase. “We work closely with suppliers to perform checks to ensure counterfeit items do not enter the supply chain. "On the extremely rare occasion where we are made aware that a product we’ve sold may be counterfeit, we immediately conduct an investigation and if necessary, recall the product and provide a full refund.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Money Newsletter Follow @MirrorMoney Subscribe to our Money newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Groupon BBC money all Most Read Most Recent Shopping & DealsWhen is Black Friday 2016? Deals predictions, stores to watch and online shopping tips ahead of the huge November blow out If you're counting down to the retail bonanza, here's our guide to get you prepared MoneyCollectors are paying hundreds for new £5 note - but which ones are worth the most? As the new banknotes to come into circulation some with certain serial numbers are attracting sky-high prices Autumn StatementWhen is the Autumn Statement 2016? Date, predictions and details expected in Philip Hammond's first budget announcement All the latest Autumn Statement predictions, news and analysis ahead of Philip Hammond's debut as Chancellor - and how the 'spending review' fits in Black FridayAmazon Black Friday 2016 deals: Sunday's top offers include 48% off De'Longhi coffee machines and 50% off Ted Baker shoes The online retail giant is releasing limited discount offers across all departments every day until 25 November MoneyWhere to buy a Hatchimals as the popular toy for Christmas 2016 sells out at major retailers The countdown is on until Christmas and competition to snap up a Hatchimal toy for your little ones may be harder than you think Autumn StatementWhen is the Autumn Statement 2016? Date, predictions and details expected in Philip Hammond's first budget announcement All the latest Autumn Statement predictions, news and analysis ahead of Philip Hammond's debut as Chancellor - and how the 'spending review' fits in MoneyWhere to buy a Hatchimals as the popular toy for Christmas 2016 sells out at major retailers The countdown is on until Christmas and competition to snap up a Hatchimal toy for your little ones may be harder than you think Christmas treesWhen is the best time to put Christmas decorations up and where to buy a Christmas tree? When should I put the Christmas tree up and where is the best place to buy one? We answer your questions Black FridayAmazon Black Friday 2016 deals: Sunday's top offers include 48% off De'Longhi coffee machines and 50% off Ted Baker shoes The online retail giant is releasing limited discount offers across all departments every day until 25 November Shopping & DealsWhen is Black Friday 2016? Deals predictions, stores to watch and online shopping tips ahead of the huge November blow out If you're counting down to the retail bonanza, here's our guide to get you prepared Most Read Most Recent Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect Weird NewsMystery sphere spotted zooming past sun by NASA satellites - sparking conspiracy theories over UFOs Other frames in the series do not feature the sphere, nor does any image from October's captures from the mission UK NewsCancer-stricken girl, 4, who reduced world to tears after father posted heartbreaking picture of her suffering has died The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body Celebrity NewsSusan Boyle may NEVER sing live again - as she reveals two-stone weight loss secrets and looks for love SuBo says her Asperger’s syndrome has become so crippling that she is unable to set dates for another tour World newsISIS leader reveals how he feels about beheading prisoners, the future if Mosul falls and missing his CAT Rachid Kassim, linked to a string of terror attacks in Europe, has given a startling frank account of his life in Islamic State Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea: Diego Costa strike sends Blues top of the table - 5 things we learned Costa scored the only goal of the game as Antonio Conte's side moved to the top of the Premier League Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea LIVE: Costa scores 10th goal of the season as Blues look to go top Antonio Conte's in-form Blues can go clear at the top with a sixth-consecutive league win - but won't have it all their own way against Aitor Karanka's men ATP World Tour FinalsAndy Murray vs Novak Djokovic live updates from ATP World Tour Finals showdown at the O2 Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player ATP World Tour FinalsWhat channel is Andy Murray vs Novak Djokovic on? TV info and more ahead of the season finale Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player ATP World Tour FinalsWhat time is Andy Murray vs Novak Djokovic? TV info and more ahead of the World Tour Finals finale Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player Top Stories Paul GascoigneFears for ex-England star after second dinner event cancelled as "very upset" legend hit with "bad news" A promoter claimed Paul Gascoigne had received some 'bad news' and was 'very upset' Greater Manchester PoliceTerrified families barricaded inside pub with children as vicious knife and hammer battle erupts in car park One terrified patron recounted: "It was really scary especially when we had five young children with us and some (of the lads) were trying to get inside" BrexitBlundering Boris Johnson accused of taking the WRONG notes to Brexit meeting with Theresa May The bumbling Tory is said to have prompted "groans of disapproval" in Downing Street West Bromwich Albion FCSaido Berahino sent BACK to France fitness camp by West Brom in bid to recover from 'most difficult year' Berahino travelled to the south of France earlier this season and the club say it is the best way forward for him if he returns for another spell ShopliftingShop assistant 'chokes alleged thief on the ground even AFTER she claims to be three months pregnant' A clothes shop worker pinning an alleged thief to the ground attracts jeers and horrified gasps after the woman claims she is pregnant - and he continues to lie on top of her Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea: Diego Costa strike sends Blues top of the table - 5 things we learned Costa scored the only goal of the game as Antonio Conte's side moved to the top of the Premier League Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect DrugsSix-year-old boy exposed to high levels of METH after his parents unknowingly moved into an old drug den The boy's condition only became apparent when his school performance crashed, and it later emerged that authorities knew the home had been a meth lab MonkeysMonkey 'pulls off girl's headscarf sparking violent clashes between mortar-wielding tribes leaving 16 dead and dozens injured' Tanks, mortars and other heavy weapons were used during the four days of violent clashes in the Libyan city of Sabha ImmigrationDetainees at British immigration centre held in isolation amid fears of a TB outbreak Detainees at Yarl's Wood immigration centre in Bedford are in isolation after one woman was taken the hospital with tuberculosis UK News"My princess has grown her angel wings": Dad who shared heartbreaking picture of his girl battling cancer announces she has passed away The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body. Now dad Andy announces she has 'found peace' Heathrow AirportBreaking: Massive fire close to Heathrow Airport sends thick black smoke billowing into the sky Flights departing and arriving at the airport will not be affected, a spokesman confirmed tonight News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Top Local Stories Flashpoint 11/20/2016: Dealing with difficult political discussions with family Flashpoint SB I-75 reopens at Baldwin after crash seriously injures 2 Traffic Detroit girl, 10, drowns in Chicago area hotel pool News How do you talk politics with family, friends at Thanksgiving? Flashpoint Mark Hackel discusses corruption charges in Macomb County Flashpoint SB I-75 closed at Baldwin due to crash; police issue warning News Dearborn's Festival of Trees raises funds for pediatric research News Metro Detroit Weather: Cold, blustery Sunday News Some areas of southeast Michigan see snow Weather Shots ring out at Southfield bar, 3 injured News Turkey drive takes place in Dearborn, feeds 1,000 families News Taboo from Black Eyed Peas opens up about cancer diagnosis Health Health Popular heartburn medications linked to higher risk of stroke PPIs widely available over the counter By BEN TINKER , CNN Posted: 4:02 PM, November 15, 2016 Updated: 4:34 PM, November 15, 2016 David Rust/CNN Drug companies say longer periods of exclusivity over research encourages investment in developing cures. But longer terms can also keep cheaper versions off the market. The potential for compromise over this issue was reportedly a final key to a (CNN) - Sometimes, solving one problem only creates another. Millions of Americans take proton pump inhibitors to treat acid reflux and heartburn. Known as PPIs, they are among the most prescribed drugs in the United States and are widely available over the counter. But according to preliminary research presented today at an American Heart Association conference in New Orleans, these medications may also increase the risk of ischemic stroke. Ischemic strokes are the most common type of stroke, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They occur when a blood clot cuts off blood flow to the brain. "PPIs have been associated with unhealthy vascular function, including heart attacks, kidney disease and dementia," said Dr. Thomas Sehested, the study's lead author and a researcher at the Danish Heart Foundation. "We wanted to see if PPIs also posed a risk for ischemic stroke, especially given their increasing use in the general population." Most serious warning yet The research was conducted in Denmark among a quarter-million patients who suffered from stomach pain and indigestion, and were taking one of four PPIs: Prilosec, Protonix, Prevacid or Nexium. Overall stroke risk increased 21% among patients who were taking a PPI, according to the study. At the lowest doses, the authors found either no or minimal increased risk of stroke. At the highest doses, they found that stroke risk increased 33% for Prilosec and Prevacid patients, 50% for Nexium patients and 79% for Protonix patients. In an email to CNN, P&G, the company that makes Prilosec, said the drug is an "FDA approved, safe and effective remedy to relieve frequent heartburn symptoms. Prilosec OTC has the longest history of safe and effective consumer use of any [over the counter] PPI." Takeda, the maker of Prevacid, said it could not comment on the results and conclusions of the study until the full data is published for review. "Patient safety is a top priority ... and we continuously monitor the safety of all our medicines and collaborate with regulatory agencies to ensure this information is reflected in the respective prescribing information," a spokesman said in an email to CNN. AstraZeneca, the maker of Nexium, said, "Patient safety is an important priority ... and we believe all of our PPI medicines are generally safe and effective when used in accordance with the label." A spokeswoman said the company was not consulted during the research, so it could not comment on the data. Pfizer, the maker of Protonix, did not respond to CNN's request for comment. "At one time, PPIs were thought to be safe, without major side effects," Sehested said. "This study further questions the cardiovascular safety of these drugs." For years, doctors have questioned whether too many people are taking heartburn drugs. A pair of 2010 studies found that PPIs were associated with an increased risk of a serious bacterial infection. Stomach acid seems to play a role in killing off both good and bad bacteria in our gut. When someone is taking PPIs, their amount of stomach acid is reduced, and it creates an environment in which bacteria can flourish. "As a culture, we tend to want a pill to deal with our problems, when a lot of people could reduce their heartburn by eating smaller meals, drinking less alcohol or not smoking," Dr. Michael Katz, who wrote an editorial accompanying the studies, told CNN in 2010. In April, another study published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology found that patients who took PPIs had a 96% increased risk of kidney failure and a 28% increased risk of kidney disease, compared with those who were prescribed alternative medications. What are the alternatives? Medical professionals estimate that the majority of people who suffer from acid reflux or heartburn could drastically or completely reduce their discomfort by making a few lifestyle changes: quit smoking, lose weight and cut back on spicy and fatty foods. If your doctor determines that you do need pills for your problem, pharmacist NaaDede Badger-Plange suggests starting with an antacid, such as Tums, Rolaids or Maalox. "Antacids usually would help if you have less than one incident a week," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have heartburn very rarely -- especially people who have heartburn associated with certain foods -- they could take antacids." Antacids provide quick relief, but only for a short amount of time, said Badger-Plange, and consumers should pay close attention to the ingredients on the label. If you're pregnant, you should avoid sodium bicarbonate and magnesium trisilicate. Patients with kidney disease should avoid antacids that contain aluminum. For longer-lasting relief, H2 antagonist medications (also called H2 blockers) are also an option, but they can take a few hours to kick in. "One thing to keep in mind is, certain products that are in the H2 receptor antagonist class have drug interactions," Badger-Plange said. "So, if you have a lot of medications, you probably want to check with your pharmacist at the counter to make sure it's OK to take those medications." As always, you should talk to your doctor before starting or stopping any medication -- prescribed or over the counter. For years, Katz has been worried that PPIs "reinforce the idea that the solution to behavioral health issues is to take a pill, and that's just not how we're going to get healthier," he said in 2010. "Consumers need to ask their doctors, 'Why am I taking this? Do I still need this? Do I have an alternative?' " Copyright 2016 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Estee Lauder announces purchase of popular makeup brand Too Faced The $1.45 billion purchase will be the cosmetic brand’s biggest-ever acquisition. Too Faced, popular with millennial and Gen Z consumers, will be complementary to Estee Lauder's MAC Cosmetics brand. By Nick Turner Stephanie WongBloomberg Tues., Nov. 15, 2016 Estee Lauder Cos., making the biggest acquisition in its history, agreed to buy cosmetics company Too Faced for about $1.45 billion, scooping up a makeup brand popular with millennials. Too Faced, which is expected to top $270 million in net sales this year, will help Estee Lauder expand in e-commerce and specialty stores, according to a statement Monday. The purchase is expected to be completed next month. The deal, which would dwarf Estee Lauder’s previous acquisitions, extends a run of industry mergers this year. Coty Inc. acquired more than 40 of Procter & Gamble Co.’s beauty brands last month in a transaction worth $12.5 billion. And Revlon Inc. agreed to acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. in June for about $419 million. Too Faced, started by Jerrod Blandino and Jeremy Johnson, would let Estee Lauder reach younger shoppers and will be complementary to MAC, the parent company’s biggest makeup brand. Article Continued Below Too Faced, based in Los Angeles, has 7.3 million Instagram followers and sells makeup for the eyes, face and lips in quirky packaging. Its best-selling mascara is called “Better Than Sex.” “We like the acquisition,” Jason Gere, an analyst at KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., said in a report. “Estee Lauder has a demonstrated history of success in driving scale of smaller, high-growth brands on its global platform.” Estee Lauder, which also bought makeup brand Becca this month, could use a boost after delivering a disappointing forecast to investors. It plans to add its newly acquired brands into its 2017 guidance, which will be announced during its second-quarter earnings in February, Chief Financial Officer Tracey Travis said on a conference call Tuesday. The Too Faced acquisition will reduce earnings in 2017, but will improve them after that, she said. Estee Lauder, based in New York, suffered its worst stock rout in more than a year on Nov. 2 after saying that earnings would be $1.10 to $1.15 a share this quarter. Analysts had estimated $1.31 on average. Its shares are down 11 per cent this year. Chief Executive Officer Fabrizio Freda said that declining traffic at mid-tier U.S. department stores contributed to the slowdown. That has increased the urgency of owning brands that sell via the internet and other channels -- Too Faced’s strength. The acquisition target has seen sales grow more than 70 per cent this year and 60 per cent on a compound annual basis over the past three years, and the company expects the growth rate to continue. The brand “strengthens our leadership in the fastest-growing product category in the global prestige beauty makeup,” Freda said on the conference call. “It increases our penetration with millennial and Gen Z consumers, who are socially connected beauty enthusiasts.” Too Faced, whose customers are mostly under 40, currently gets about 83 per cent of its sales from North America. It will be expanded in the U.S. and internationally, as well as in travel retail globally, Freda said. Estee Lauder, which has made seven acquisitions since 2014, will continue to look for M&A opportunities, he said Tuesday. Cosmetics companies have been seeking new sales channels as the department-store makeup counter loses its allure. L’Oreal SA, for instance, agreed in July to spend $1.2 billion to buy IT Cosmetics. That business sells through QVC and the Shopping Channel, as well as retailers such as Ulta and Sephora. The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 1°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Do you know how your pet thinks? Pet Psyche CTV's Kelsey McEwan tells us about her dog's unique personality by answering a Proustian questionnaire. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home Business Business News Top 200 Business Only a handful of firms survive from first list of North East's largest companies Analysis of the first Top 50 published by The Journal in 1978 show that most of the top companies then have closed or been sold  Share  Comments ByGraeme Whitfield 16:24, 15 NOV 2016 Updated10:54, 16 NOV 2016 Business The drinks reception for the Journal's Top 200 Business Awards  Share  Comments Get business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Only a handful of companies from the first ever list of the region’s top companies have made it into the 2016 list. The Journal first published a Top 50 in 1978, with the table topped by Northern Engineering, a collective of North East engineering companies with an estimated turnover of £400m, most of which are now under different ownership. They were followed in the table by Allied Suppliers and Procter and Gamble, which was a staple in the list until 2000 when it was decided that the American company’s presence in the North East was no longer a decision-making centre. Other companies in the 1978 Top 10 were Sunderland department store chain Binns, which became absorbed into the House of Fraser business, Vaux Breweries, which closed in 2000, and Barratt developments, which moved its headquarters out of the North East in the Noughties. The Journal and Gazette Top 200 Business Breakfast Awards 2016 held at the Stadium of Light View gallery Other well-known names to have disappeared from the history of the Top 200 including shipbuilders Swan Hunter, bakers Carrick’s and supermarket chain Walter Wilson. Some firms have remained in the list of top companies throughout its history, however, with Fenwicks being ranked 15th in 1978 and the company still in 2016’s list, now ranked 23rd. Developers Bellway were ranked 19th in the first table and are now fifth, its turnover rising from £30m in 1978 to £2.2bn in its latest accounts. Read More Nissan takes crown as the North East's largest company in Journal's Top 200 event The first ever Top 50 also lists the top employers in the North East and shows huge changes from an era where nationalised industries dominated the region. Top employer in 1978 was the National Coal Board, with 37,000 employees in the North East, followed by British Shipbuilders and British Steel. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business Newsletter Follow @EveningChron Subscribe to our Business newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Top 200 Sunderland business all Most Read Most Recent Business InterviewsMeet the Northumberland farmer's daughter making waves in the North East technology sector Coreena Ford meets a Northumberland farmer’s daughter who now plays a leading role in the technology sector Newcastle Central StationHadrian's Tipi winter retreat set to open at Newcastle central station The huge tepee-style tent will act as a warming bar and eatery for shoppers over the Christmas period CramlingtonTommee Tippee respond to 300 help offers in search of 'little blue cup' The Cramlington firm's social media team are set to reveal how many special cups have been found for autistic Ben Carter GatesheadGateshead's Atomhawk produces amazing designs for virtual reality games Atomhawk has worked with gaming giants CCP and Sony to design parts of new releases Eve: Valkyrie and RIGS: Mechanised Combat League North TynesideLive in North Tyneside? New service will see Sunday roasts delivered to your front door Weddles Sunday Roast Delivery's traditional English takeout has proved a hit with busy families GatesheadGateshead's Atomhawk produces amazing designs for virtual reality games Atomhawk has worked with gaming giants CCP and Sony to design parts of new releases Eve: Valkyrie and RIGS: Mechanised Combat League Business InterviewsMeet the Northumberland farmer's daughter making waves in the North East technology sector Coreena Ford meets a Northumberland farmer’s daughter who now plays a leading role in the technology sector Newcastle upon TyneNewcastle's Dakota designers up for international award for Swiss bar project Dakota House of Design's work on Soho, a luxury leisure venue is Basel, has been singled out Tyne & WearNorth East businesses told to grow by targeting exports Entrepreneurs' Forum releases research showing that growth companies in the North East are optimistic for the year ahead CramlingtonTommee Tippee respond to 300 help offers in search of 'little blue cup' The Cramlington firm's social media team are set to reveal how many special cups have been found for autistic Ben Carter Most Read Most Recent Newcastle United FCLeeds 0-2 Newcastle LIVE: United win again - here's all the reaction as they consolidate their lead Live updates as Newcastle United take on Leeds United at Elland Road as Championship action returns after the international break Match ReportsLeeds 0-2 Newcastle match report: Rampant Magpies on the brink of history after latest win Newcastle United fought with Leeds for the first time since 2003 in a competitive game and netted their ninth win in a row Newcastle United FCWatch the spine-tingling 11th minute tribute to Gary Speed from Newcastle and Leeds fans Newcastle United and Leeds United fans joined in an 11th minute tribute to Gary Speed - watch it here Newcastle City CentreMan fighting for life after serious assault outside Newcastle city centre takeaway A 31-year-old man suffered life threatening injuries in the alleged assault on Marlborough Place Dwight GayleRafa Benitez on Dwight Gayle: Why he picked him - and what he made of nightclub altercation stories Dwight Gayle has taken his tally to 13 goals for the season after a great win at Elland Road and his manager spoke about the striker Newcastle United FCLeeds 0-2 Newcastle fan pictures: United fans celebrate latest win, and also honour Gary Speed Newcastle United fans witnessed their side record an eighth consecutive league win, while they came together with Leeds to pay tribute to Gary Speed Newcastle United FCLeeds 0-2 Newcastle: Read Lee Ryder's player ratings as United win at Elland Road Newcastle United showed their quality throughout at Elland Road in a superb 2-0 win to keep them flying high at the top of the Championship A1Durham University student named as man killed in early hours crash on the A1 in County Durham Askar Abilpanov is believed to have been hit by a lorry on Saturday morning - police are appealing for witnesses Newcastle City CouncilCouncil leaders call on government to prioritise Northern rail network in autumn statement The call for funding comes just day ahead of the the Chancellor's autumn statement Sunderland AFCSunderland honour Charlie Hurley: Relive the return of the King at the Stadium of Light Sunderland beat Hull City 3-0 on the day they dubbed Charlie Hurley Day as they honoured the club legend at the Stadium of Light Top Stories FellingTerrified gran tackles chip pan blaze and spends three days in intensive care Maria Burrell says she was minutes from death after burning her arms and suffering severe smoke inhalation Millennium BridgeDomestic violence protestors gather on Millennium Bridge over welfare system changes Sisters Uncut stormed the bridge to highlight how changes to the welfare system could be endangering vulnerable women's lives Houghton-le-SpringLooking for a modern new home? These houses are the last on a new development to go on the market Builder says their Clarence Court homes in Houghton-le-Spring are going, going, but not quite gone Newcastle United FCLeeds 0-2 Newcastle: Read Lee Ryder's player ratings as United win at Elland Road Newcastle United showed their quality throughout at Elland Road in a superb 2-0 win to keep them flying high at the top of the Championship South ShieldsPolice trying to identify woman whose body was found in a South Shields park pond Police are trying to identify the woman's body, which was discovered in Temple Park's pond at 8am Tyne and Wear MetroMonths of disruption on the way for motorists and Metro users One of Newcastle's busiest roads is set to be closed and Metro services suspended while improvement works are carried out A1Durham University student named as man killed in early hours crash on the A1 in County Durham Askar Abilpanov is believed to have been hit by a lorry on Saturday morning - police are appealing for witnesses Newcastle City CouncilCouncil leaders call on government to prioritise Northern rail network in autumn statement The call for funding comes just day ahead of the the Chancellor's autumn statement Match ReportsLeeds 0-2 Newcastle match report: Rampant Magpies on the brink of history after latest win Newcastle United fought with Leeds for the first time since 2003 in a competitive game and netted their ninth win in a row RoadworksEverything you need to know about plans to revamp three key routes across Newcastle Haddricks Mill roundabout, Killingworth Road and Blue House roundabout are all set for major changes Chi Onwurah'Brain drain' harming North East economy with thousands of workers shunning region for London The number of graduates leaving the region for London is stifling the potential for growth, say Homes for the North I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of HereScarlett Moffatt: how she lost three stone in six months ahead of I'm A Celebrity The Gogglebox star from County Durham is strealing hearts on the ITV show and is inspiring women after her weight loss News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report MOIL slides after poor Q2 financials Business Standard Market turns range bound Capital Market  November 15, 2016 Last Updated at 13:11 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJDEZv Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday low Sensex, Nifty trim gains after hitting highest level in more than a week Sensex, Nifty hit over one-week low Sensex, Nifty settle at over 4-week low Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday high Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than seven losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,255 shares fell and 293 shares rose. A total of 109 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 4.01%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 4.70%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Drug major Lupin was down 1.96% at Rs 1,431.50. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that its US subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has launched its Amabelz Tablets (Estradiol arid Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg) having received an approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) earlier to market a generic version of Amneal Pharmaceuticals' Activella Tablets (Estradiol and Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg). Amabelz Tablets are indicated in a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is also indicated n a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) was down 1.14% to Rs 134.90. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that it has achieved yet another milestone in expanding and consolidating its footprint in the international market by securing export orders for supply of industrial motors to Togo and Benin. Scancem International DA, Norway (Heidelberg Cement group) has placed the order for the motors for their cement plants, Ciments Du Togo S.A. & Cimbenin S.A, Benin. The motors will be manufactured and supplied by Bhel's Bhopal unit. FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 8.03%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 6.1%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 5.97%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 5.78%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 4.34%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 4.2%), Marico (down 4.04%), Nestle India (down 3.05%), Dabur India (down 2.85%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.45%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.02%), edged lower. Power generation stocks declined. JSW Energy (down 6.21%), Reliance Infrastructure (down 5.41%), Torrent Power (down 3.93%), Tata Power (down 3.75%), Reliance Power (down 2.77%), NHPC (down 2.56%), GMR Infrastructure (down 2.12%), Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 1.95%), Adani Power (down 1.59%), CESC (down 1.57%) and NTPC (down 1.09%), edged lower. State-run Coal India was down 2.73%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 0.46%. In overseas markets, Asian stocks trade mixed. US stocks closed little changed yesterday, 14 November 2016, after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. The Dow Jones Industrial Average settled at another record closing high. Back home, likely short term negative impact on the economy of the recent demonetization of higher denomination notes by the Indian government and uncertainty over the future policies of newly elected US president Donald Trump and their impact on the global economy continued to weigh on sentiment. The Indian government on 8 November 2016, removed legal tender of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 with effect from 9 November 2016, and gave time till December end to deposit these notes in the banks in a biggest crackdown on black money. The move is likely to affect consumption due to cash liquidity crunch and will pull down the growth of economy in short term while in the long term it is expected have a positive impact on the economy. The recent selling by the foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) of Indian stocks also affected sentiment. FPIs sold shares worth a net Rs 1493.27 crore on Friday, 11 November 2016, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges, when indices slumped around 2.5% on that day. On macro front, inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) eased slightly to 3.39% (provisional) in October 2016 over October 2015, as compared to 3.57% (provisional) for the September 2016 and -3.7% in October 2015. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 4.34% compared to a build up rate of 0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The data was announced during market hours today, 15 November 2016. The government will announce monthly inflation data based on consumer price index (CPI) for October 2016 after market hours today, 15 November 2016. India's consumer prices increased by 4.31% year-on-year in September 2016, easing from a 5.05% growth in August. The industrial production (IIP) data announced after market hours on Friday, 11 November 2016 showed that IIP rose 0.7% in September 2016 over September 2015. The IIP contracted 0.7% in August, and shrank 2.5% in July. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Nifty | Sensex | Bse PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Market turns range bound Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than seven losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,255 shares fell and 293 shares rose. A total of 109 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 4.01%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 4.70%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Drug major Lupin was down 1.96% at Rs 1,431.50. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that its US subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has launched its Amabelz Tablets (Estradiol arid Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg) having received an approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) earlier to market a generic version of Amneal Pharmaceuticals' Activella Tablets (Estradiol and Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg). Amabelz Tablets are indicated in a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is also indicated n a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) was down 1.14% to Rs 134.90. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that it has achieved yet another milestone in expanding and consolidating its footprint in the international market by securing export orders for supply of industrial motors to Togo and Benin. Scancem International DA, Norway (Heidelberg Cement group) has placed the order for the motors for their cement plants, Ciments Du Togo S.A. & Cimbenin S.A, Benin. The motors will be manufactured and supplied by Bhel's Bhopal unit. FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 8.03%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 6.1%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 5.97%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 5.78%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 4.34%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 4.2%), Marico (down 4.04%), Nestle India (down 3.05%), Dabur India (down 2.85%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.45%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.02%), edged lower. Power generation stocks declined. JSW Energy (down 6.21%), Reliance Infrastructure (down 5.41%), Torrent Power (down 3.93%), Tata Power (down 3.75%), Reliance Power (down 2.77%), NHPC (down 2.56%), GMR Infrastructure (down 2.12%), Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 1.95%), Adani Power (down 1.59%), CESC (down 1.57%) and NTPC (down 1.09%), edged lower. State-run Coal India was down 2.73%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 0.46%. In overseas markets, Asian stocks trade mixed. US stocks closed little changed yesterday, 14 November 2016, after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. The Dow Jones Industrial Average settled at another record closing high. Back home, likely short term negative impact on the economy of the recent demonetization of higher denomination notes by the Indian government and uncertainty over the future policies of newly elected US president Donald Trump and their impact on the global economy continued to weigh on sentiment. The Indian government on 8 November 2016, removed legal tender of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 with effect from 9 November 2016, and gave time till December end to deposit these notes in the banks in a biggest crackdown on black money. The move is likely to affect consumption due to cash liquidity crunch and will pull down the growth of economy in short term while in the long term it is expected have a positive impact on the economy. The recent selling by the foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) of Indian stocks also affected sentiment. FPIs sold shares worth a net Rs 1493.27 crore on Friday, 11 November 2016, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges, when indices slumped around 2.5% on that day. On macro front, inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) eased slightly to 3.39% (provisional) in October 2016 over October 2015, as compared to 3.57% (provisional) for the September 2016 and -3.7% in October 2015. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 4.34% compared to a build up rate of 0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The data was announced during market hours today, 15 November 2016. The government will announce monthly inflation data based on consumer price index (CPI) for October 2016 after market hours today, 15 November 2016. India's consumer prices increased by 4.31% year-on-year in September 2016, easing from a 5.05% growth in August. The industrial production (IIP) data announced after market hours on Friday, 11 November 2016 showed that IIP rose 0.7% in September 2016 over September 2015. The IIP contracted 0.7% in August, and shrank 2.5% in July. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market turns range bound Key benchmark indices were hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 369.77 points or 1.38% at 26,449.05. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 147.10 points or 1.77% at 8,149.20. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than seven losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,255 shares fell and 293 shares rose. A total of 109 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 4.01%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 4.70%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Drug major Lupin was down 1.96% at Rs 1,431.50. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that its US subsidiary, Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has launched its Amabelz Tablets (Estradiol arid Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg) having received an approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) earlier to market a generic version of Amneal Pharmaceuticals' Activella Tablets (Estradiol and Norethindrone Acetate Tablets USP, 0.5 mg / 0.1 mg and 1 mg / 0.5 mg). Amabelz Tablets are indicated in a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is also indicated n a woman with a uterus for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. State-run Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) was down 1.14% to Rs 134.90. The company announced during trading hours today, 15 November 2016, that it has achieved yet another milestone in expanding and consolidating its footprint in the international market by securing export orders for supply of industrial motors to Togo and Benin. Scancem International DA, Norway (Heidelberg Cement group) has placed the order for the motors for their cement plants, Ciments Du Togo S.A. & Cimbenin S.A, Benin. The motors will be manufactured and supplied by Bhel's Bhopal unit. FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 8.03%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 6.1%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 5.97%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 5.78%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 4.34%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 4.2%), Marico (down 4.04%), Nestle India (down 3.05%), Dabur India (down 2.85%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.45%) and Hindustan Unilever (down 0.02%), edged lower. Power generation stocks declined. JSW Energy (down 6.21%), Reliance Infrastructure (down 5.41%), Torrent Power (down 3.93%), Tata Power (down 3.75%), Reliance Power (down 2.77%), NHPC (down 2.56%), GMR Infrastructure (down 2.12%), Jaiprakash Power Ventures (down 1.95%), Adani Power (down 1.59%), CESC (down 1.57%) and NTPC (down 1.09%), edged lower. State-run Coal India was down 2.73%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 0.46%. In overseas markets, Asian stocks trade mixed. US stocks closed little changed yesterday, 14 November 2016, after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. The Dow Jones Industrial Average settled at another record closing high. Back home, likely short term negative impact on the economy of the recent demonetization of higher denomination notes by the Indian government and uncertainty over the future policies of newly elected US president Donald Trump and their impact on the global economy continued to weigh on sentiment. The Indian government on 8 November 2016, removed legal tender of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 with effect from 9 November 2016, and gave time till December end to deposit these notes in the banks in a biggest crackdown on black money. The move is likely to affect consumption due to cash liquidity crunch and will pull down the growth of economy in short term while in the long term it is expected have a positive impact on the economy. The recent selling by the foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) of Indian stocks also affected sentiment. FPIs sold shares worth a net Rs 1493.27 crore on Friday, 11 November 2016, as per provisional data released by the stock exchanges, when indices slumped around 2.5% on that day. On macro front, inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) eased slightly to 3.39% (provisional) in October 2016 over October 2015, as compared to 3.57% (provisional) for the September 2016 and -3.7% in October 2015. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 4.34% compared to a build up rate of 0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The data was announced during market hours today, 15 November 2016. The government will announce monthly inflation data based on consumer price index (CPI) for October 2016 after market hours today, 15 November 2016. India's consumer prices increased by 4.31% year-on-year in September 2016, easing from a 5.05% growth in August. The industrial production (IIP) data announced after market hours on Friday, 11 November 2016 showed that IIP rose 0.7% in September 2016 over September 2015. The IIP contracted 0.7% in August, and shrank 2.5% in July. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Biz News Rino Scanzoni, Madison Avenue’s Influential Media Buyer, Will Tackle New Task as Advertising Shifts Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Ryan Huddle for Variety November 14, 2016 | 07:31PM PT When TV’s next upfront market kicks off next Spring, the ad-sales chiefs at CBS, NBC, and the rest might breathe a sigh of relief: They won’t have to contend directly with Rino Scanzoni any longer. Scanzoni, a tough negotiator, has for years helped set the tone and pace of a crucial market for the media sector, one in which $8 billion to $9 billion is traded on broadcast primetime TV alone, with more committed to cable, syndicated and Spanish-language television. After serving since 2005 as chief investment officer for the North American operations of GroupM, the large media-buying operation that is part of ad-holding giant WPP, Scanzoni is moving to a new role – and the shift is indicative of a transformation of how Madison Avenue is buying commercial inventory across all media. GroupM, which works for advertisers including Unilever and American Express, on Monday named Lyle Schwartz to the role of president of investment, meaning he will oversee how advertiser dollars are allocated across TV, print, radio, digital, and local media, as well as the burgeoning swell of analytic tools advertisers are tapping to help them determine their allocations. He will report to Brian Lesser, the chief executive of GroupM North America. Schwartz will have a good deal of influence over how some $30 billion worth of advertising is spent across the U.S. and Canada. “This is the first time someone with a research and analytics background has been named trading chief for a major media investment group,” said Lesser, in a prepared statement. “This decision underscores our belief that data and insights are fundamental to the success of the entire business.” Related When Rino Scanzoni Speaks, TV Networks Tend to Listen Advertisers of all stripes are relying more strongly on data about consumer behavior and buying to help them determine where to place their commercials. At a time when media use has become increasingly splintered, big-spending marketers like Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola can no longer just follow what was standard practice three decades ago and buy a few ads in national newspapers and major magazines while spraying TV ads across the broadcast networks. Advertising in the digital era means figuring out where the consumers most likely to buy, say, a luxury car or a can of diet root beer are most likely to lie in wait, and then tailoring commercials expressly for those particular environments. Viacom, Comcast’s NBCU and Time Warner’s Turner are among the big companies crafting their own data brews to lure sponsors to their fold. These data products can include everything from set-top box viewer behavior measures to consumer patterns discovered by examining loyalty cards and programs affiliated with drug stores and supermarkets. Some media companies are trying to set up deals based on these data agreements rather than ones based on Nielsen, the gold standard of an era when couch potatoes still stared at a TV screen in their living rooms. Schwartz and Scanzoni have worked together for years, and were pivotal figures in discussions that in 2007 led to the use of so-called “commercial ratings,” or audience measures that looked at how many TV viewers watched commercial breaks, not the TV shows they interrupted, to determine how much media companies ought to be paid. The new system was created in the wake of the rise of digital video recorders, which allowed viewers to fast forward past commercials. Schwartz has more than 30 years of experience at WPP, including roles at the ad agency once known as Young & Rubicam before it was acquired by the holding company in 2000. Related Viacom Bets on Big Data to Boost Its Revenues Scanzoni will supervise both Modi Media, a unit that looks at future TV models in the U.S. and Midas Exchange, a barter division that deals with the trade of tangible assets in exchange for advertising inventory. He will be executive chairman and chief executive of both units. GroupM said Scanzoni would “continue to build and expand new trading products as well as contribute to market strategy for the group.” His role in the media industry played out largely behind the scenes, but he has been instrumental in how advertisers choose to support TV for decades. Top executives and Wall Streeters often sought his counsel on ad-spending patterns and the direction of the economy. Speculation that GroupM might find a successor for him has wafted for the past few years. It’s well known that the executive prefers to focus on strategy, rather than on incessant staff meeting and intense client hand-holding, and he has at times plotted strategy from a house in Utah. Schwartz will work alongside Phil Cowdell,who was named GroupM’s president of platform services in North America. This new unit will deal with emerging ad markets, including programmatic, search marketing, social media, digital operations and digital analytics.  For the past two years, Cowdell served as the North American CEO of MediaCom,a GroupM unit where he has been instrumental in helping the agency win more than $1.5 billion in new business from companies including Anheuser-Busch InBev, Bayer, Sony Playstation and Mars.       i Filed Under: GroupM Rino Scanzoni Tv Advertising Tv Upfront Market Upfront 2016 Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 9:13AM PT Alec Baldwin Fires Back at Donald Trump’s ‘SNL’ Criticism 2 Film 7:23AM PT Box Office: ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Debuts to Magical $75 Million 3 TV 6:59AM PT Science Channel Scraps ‘Punkin Chunkin’ Special After Woman Badly Injured in Accident 4 Film 6:33PM PT China’s Alibaba Signs ‘Harry Potter’ Producer David Heyman For ‘Warriors’ Film 5 Biz 1:36PM PT Chrissy Teigen Blasts Trump for ‘Hamilton’-Mike Pence Tweets: ‘Look Who Wants a F—ing Safe Space Now’ Oscars: Young Actors Glow With Complex Performances Playback: Viggo Mortensen on ‘Captain Fantastic’ and the Secret to Longevity Listen to ‘City of Stars’ From the ‘La La Land’ Soundtrack, Arriving Dec. 9 As Ben Affleck Rolls Out ‘Live by Night,’ Crafts Take Center Stage Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Biz News from Variety The Power of Content Dwayne Johnson no se arrepiente de comentarios negativos sobre… 'Saturday Night Live' Ratings Dip With Host Kristen Wiig… Donald Trump's Potential Secretary of Education Rocked These… Westworld Star: 'I Will Be Involved' in HBO Sci-Fi Drama's… Microsoft is offering major discounts on Xbox One games and… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images Estee Lauder to Buy Makeup Brand Too Faced for $1.45 Billion Nick Turner SFNick Stephanie Hoi-Nga Wong stephaniewonghk November 14, 2016 — 5:23 PM EST Updated on November 15, 2016 — 11:36 AM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Transaction is largest takeover in Estee Lauder’s history Too Faced lets company reach younger cosmetics shoppers Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Estee Lauder Cos., making the biggest acquisition in its history, agreed to buy cosmetics company Too Faced for about $1.45 billion, scooping up a makeup brand that’s popular with millennials. Too Faced, which is expected to top $270 million in net sales this year, will help Estee Lauder expand in e-commerce and specialty stores, according to a statement Monday. The purchase is expected to be completed next month. The deal, which would dwarf Estee Lauder’s previous acquisitions, extends a run of industry mergers this year. Coty Inc. acquired more than 40 of Procter & Gamble Co.’s beauty brands last month in a transaction worth $12.5 billion. And Revlon Inc. agreed to acquire Elizabeth Arden Inc. in June for about $419 million. Too Faced, started by Jerrod Blandino and Jeremy Johnson, would let Estee Lauder reach a younger shopper and will be complementary to MAC, the parent company’s biggest makeup brand. Too Faced, based in Los Angeles, has 7.3 million Instagram followers and sells makeup for the eyes, face and lips in quirky packaging. Its best-selling mascara is called “Better Than Sex.” “We like the acquisition,” Jason Gere, an analyst at KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., said in a report. “Estee Lauder has a demonstrated history of success in driving scale of smaller, high-growth brands on its global platform.” Other Acquisitions Estee Lauder, which also bought makeup brand Becca this month, could use a boost after delivering a disappointing forecast to investors. It plans to add its newly acquired brands into its 2017 guidance, which will be announced during its second-quarter earnings in February, Chief Financial Officer Tracey Travis said on a conference call Tuesday. The Too Faced acquisition will reduce earnings in 2017, but will improve them after that, she said. Estee Lauder, based in New York, suffered its worst stock rout in more than a year on Nov. 2 after saying that earnings would be $1.10 to $1.15 a share this quarter. Analysts had estimated $1.31 on average. Its shares are down 11 percent this year. Chief Executive Officer Fabrizio Freda said that declining traffic at mid-tier U.S. department stores contributed to the slowdown. That has increased the urgency of owning brands that sell via the internet and other channels -- Too Faced’s strength. The acquisition target has seen sales grow more than 70 percent this year and 60 percent on a compound annual basis over the past three years, and the company expects the growth rate to continue. Millennial Consumers The brand “strengthens our leadership in the fastest-growing product category in the global prestige beauty makeup,” Freda said on the conference call. “It increases our penetration with millennial and Gen Z consumers, who are socially connected beauty enthusiasts.” Too Faced, those costumers are mostly under 40, currently gets about 83 percent of its sales from North America. It will be expanded in the U.S. and internationally, as well as in travel retail globally, Freda said. Estee Lauder, which has made seven acquisitions since 2014, will continue to look for M&A opportunities, he said Tuesday. Cosmetics companies have been seeking new sales channels as the department-store makeup counter loses its allure. L’Oreal SA, for instance, agreed in July to spend $1.2 billion to buy IT Cosmetics. That business sells through QVC and the Shopping Channel, as well as retailers such as Ulta and Sephora. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Estee Lauder Cos Inc/The Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12394754 Home 12394946 Livestream 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast School Closings Fight Cancer: No Shave November 12394790 News Local News Election Results KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Jesse Jones Seattle Anti-Freeze 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports Viaduct Shutdown 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12394874 Sports Mariners Sounders FC Seahawks College Sports Huskies Cougars High School Football Seattle Storm Seattle Reign FC 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Jobs with KIRO 7 Summer Internship Program Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Housing Profiles More 'Tangled web': Trump's businesses could create conflicts by: BERNARD CONDON, AP Business Writer Updated: Nov 16, 2016 - 11:55 AM Twtter NEW YORK (AP) - Asked on TV earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son, Donald Jr., said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father's company, insisted the two wouldn't discuss the business if Dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: "Trust me." The American people may have little choice. The tradition stretching back to Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a "blind trust" run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice. Trump's plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children and not a trustee cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump's holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets - or those of business partners - and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries - in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump's holdings "unprecedented" in size and complexity for a president, a "tangled web" of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn't even have to try. Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. One area where the public interest could clash with the personal involves Trump's influence over federal agencies whose decisions affect his businesses. In turning the government-owned Old Post Office into his new Washington hotel, Trump struck a complex rental and management deal with the General Services Administration. As president, he will appoint the head of the GSA. And one of Trump's lenders, Deutsche Bank, is in settlement talks with the Justice Department over its role in the mortgage blowup that sparked the 2008 financial crisis. Trump will appoint the head of that agency, too. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS' "60 Minutes" on Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to "save our country." "I don't care about hotel occupancy," he added. He called matters like that "peanuts." The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is "vetting various structures" with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump's children, along with a "team of highly skilled executives." Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can't control their portfolio and may not even know what's in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner's knowledge. "It's one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily," Gross said. "It's another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract." In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump's children in his business. He called the situation "very unusual." "There's no perfect way to do this," Giuliani said. "You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president." ___ Bernard Condon can be reached at http://twitter.com/BernardFCondon. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter 'Tangled web': Trump's businesses could create conflicts Kanye West rants about Beyoncé before cutting concert short The Latest: Trump meets with Hollywood's Ari Emanuel Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended Judge allows suit by ex-TV anchor fired after online remarks News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Seattle Coupons About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Search As oil palm expands, African nations agree to protect forests by Alex Whiting | @AlexWhi | Thomson Reuters Foundation Wednesday, 16 November 2016 16:41 GMT Women prepare to extract red palm oil in Dabou, around 49 km (30 miles) from Abidjan June 12, 2013. Ivory Coast is seeking to double palm oil production to around 600,000 tonnes by 2020. REUTERS/Thierry Gouegnon About our Climate coverage We focus on the human and development impacts of climate change Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says Myanmar refugee doctor wins humanitarian prize for clinic in Thailand 'The old me is gone': Rise in transgender children in UK fuels identity fears Impoverished families flout Guatemala's child marriage ban Myanmar's abused, intimidated LGBT people long for acceptance in new era Aim is to avoid replicating the tropical forest losses across Southeast Asia as a result of palm oil expansion By Alex Whiting ROME, Nov 16 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Central and West African countries have promised to protect their tropical forests from being cut down to make way for palm oil crops, in a declaration signed on Wednesday by governments representing more than 70 percent of Africa's tropical forests. Palm oil, one of the world's most widely used vegetable oils, is a fast-growing business and a major cause of tropical deforestation worldwide. The seven countries that signed the declaration in Marrakesh, where international climate talks are taking place, want to expand into the $50 billion global palm oil market. The countries, however, also are home to about 13 percent of the world's remaining tropical forest, particularly in the Congo Basin region. Those are at risk as the palm oil market expands, toward an estimated $88 billion a year by 2022, according to the World Economic Forum. "It's really exciting and important that these countries which are about to expand into the market have learned from the path that (Malaysia and Indonesia) took," Dominic Waughray, head of public-private partnerships at the World Economic Forum, said in a telephone interview. Indonesia and Malaysia export about 85 percent of the world's palm oil. Malaysia has already cleared much of its forests to grow the crop, and Indonesia is in the process of doing so, Waughray told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. The World Economic Forum hosts the Tropical Forest Alliance 2020, a partnership of governments, companies and non-governmental organisations, which produced the Marrakesh Declaration. About half of global tropical deforestation is driven by beef, soy, palm, and paper and pulp. But palm oil is probably the biggest driver of the four commodities, Waughray said. It is used in a host of everyday goods, from soap to breakfast cereals, as well as for frying and fuel. PRESSURE FROM BUYERS Some of the pressure on governments to protect forests comes from major buyers such as Kellogg's, Unilever, and Procter & Gamble, which aim to strip deforestation from their palm oil supply chains by 2020, Waughray said. Paul Polman, chief executive officer of Unilever - a major palm oil buyer - welcomed the signing of the declaration. "Palm oil, if produced sustainably, can play a key role in poverty alleviation by helping farmers thrive economically while adopting sustainable agricultural and business practices," he said on Wednesday. Under the declaration, governments have also promised to protect the human rights and livelihoods of indigenous people and smallholder farmers, and help them access the booming market. "Deforestation has often been linked to human rights violations," said Hindou Oumarou Ibrahim, co-chair of the International Indigenous People's Forum on Climate Change. "People are losing access to the land they have always lived on and farmed. I hope this declaration will be an example to the rest of the region and encourage other tropical forest African countries to follow in the commitment," she said in a statement. The seven governments are the Central African Republic, Ivory Coast, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Ghana, Liberia, the Republic of Congo and Sierra Leone. The declaration "is not just about environmental sustainability, it's also transparency in that supply chain (including) respecting and managing the rights of indigenous peoples groups," Waughray said. (Reporting by Alex Whiting, Editing by Laurie Goering.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit http://news.trust.org) Themes Forests $THEME_LOOKUP.get("${o}") Companies Agriculture and environment Climate Politics Share Tweet Share Email Comment EXPLORE MORE Climate NEWS World's first forest bond beats expectations Original Dakar's threatened 'green lung' gets reforestation boost India to develop its own palm oil sustainability framework: trade body Original Don't blame cocaine for South American forest loss, study says About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2016 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election Obama, Putin speak for four minutes about Syria and Ukraine Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks High turnout at French conservative primaries, organiser says Pence not offended by comments to him at 'Hamilton' show Join Us Comments Close As oil palm expands, African nations agree to protect forests We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of the Thomson Reuters Foundation. For more information see our Acceptable Use Policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 3 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business ‘Tangled web’: Trump’s businesses could create conflicts The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it President-elect Donald Trump, right, kisses his son Eric farewell after dining at the 21 Club, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York. (Kathy Willens/Associated Press) By Bernard Condon | AP November 16 NEW YORK — Asked on TV earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son, Donald Jr., said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father’s company, insisted the two wouldn’t discuss the business if Dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: “Trust me.” The American people may have little choice. The tradition stretching back to Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a “blind trust” run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice. Trump’s plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children and not a trustee cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump’s holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets — or those of business partners — and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries — in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump’s holdings “unprecedented” in size and complexity for a president, a “tangled web” of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn’t even have to try. Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. One area where the public interest could clash with the personal involves Trump’s influence over federal agencies whose decisions affect his businesses. In turning the government-owned Old Post Office into his new Washington hotel, Trump struck a complex rental and management deal with the General Services Administration. As president, he will appoint the head of the GSA. And one of Trump’s lenders, Deutsche Bank, is in settlement talks with the Justice Department over its role in the mortgage blowup that sparked the 2008 financial crisis. Trump will appoint the head of that agency, too. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS’ ”60 Minutes” on Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to “save our country.” “I don’t care about hotel occupancy,” he added. He called matters like that “peanuts.” The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is “vetting various structures” with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump’s children, along with a “team of highly skilled executives.” Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can’t control their portfolio and may not even know what’s in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner’s knowledge. “It’s one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily,” Gross said. “It’s another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract.” In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump’s children in his business. He called the situation “very unusual.” “There’s no perfect way to do this,” Giuliani said. “You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president.” ___ Bernard Condon can be reached at http://twitter.com/BernardFCondon. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 3 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 3 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 For foreign diplomats, Trump hotel is place to be 2 Trump’s pick for attorney general: ‘Good people don’t smoke marijuana’ 3 The North Pole is an insane 36 degrees warmer than normal as winter descends 4 The real secret to Asian American success was not education 5 The real story behind that exaggerated Ford tweet from Donald Trump Market Watch DJIA -0.19% NASDAQ -0.23% Get quote Last Update: 11/20/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Tech Drivers A coding revolution in the office cube sends message of change to IT "I think it's going to take over every industry, every segment, every country, every sector." — Salesforce.com executive Aneri Pattani, special to CNBC.com Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 9:48 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Luke MacGregor | Bloomberg | Getty Images An unlikely job led Damian O'Farrill to catch the coding bug: salsa dance instructor. O'Farrill was teaching salsa lessons in Mexico. He didn't have a tech background, but he knew there had to be a better way to keep track of his students' progress and keep up on billing than with old-fashioned pen and paper. He turned to low-code platforms — products that allow users to build applications with very little coding knowledge. Low-code platforms focus more on dragging and dropping prebuilt components than writing code. Using a low-code platform from Salesforce.com and instructional videos from Salesforce.com's Trailhead website, O'Farrill built his own application to monitor his students' levels and payment schedules. But it didn't stop there. O'Farrill caught the coding bug, inspired by all he could do with low-code platforms. He started trying more tools and learning programming languages online. A few years after O'Farrill built his first application to monitor salsa dance lessons, he began searching for jobs in the United States. He knew it would be particularly difficult finding work as a foreigner who needed sponsorship. "If I didn't have my Salesforce knowledge, I'm pretty sure I would not have been sponsored by any company," he said. Today he is in charge of marketing and sales automation at software design and services company Autodesk. "I was really doing creative work then. I had nothing to do with coding," O'Farrill said. "Now people perceive me as the tech guy." $15B emerging market to battle with traditional IT Low-code platforms are giving rise to a new generation of coders like O'Farrill. They're called citizen developers. These developers don't necessarily have formal computer science education. Nor do they work in IT. But with low-code platforms and online tutorials to help build new applications, citizen developers often solve problems encountered in their day-to-day work. Anyone can build a web or mobile application with minimal coding knowledge using programs from low-code platform vendors like QuickBase, Caspio and Zudy, or from tech giants like Microsoft and Salesforce, which offer PowerApps and Lightning, respectively. By 2020 at least half of all new IT line-of-business applications will be created through such platforms, according to Gartner. A Forrester report has identified more than 40 companies in this space and projects a $15 billion market by 2020. "Citizen development is a revolution," said Adam Seligman, executive vice president and general manager of the App Cloud at Salesforce. "I think it's going to take over every industry, every segment, every country, every sector." More from Tech Drivers: Uber for orchestras A new reason for small business to hate Amazon Why Cher loves emojis The traditional IT department grew in size and scope as computers flooded the office markets in the 1990s. But today, executives are turning to citizen developer platforms instead. While some see this as a risky maneuver meant to circumvent the security and compliance safeguards of a traditional IT department, others say it is an inevitable outcome of the push for businesses to be faster and nimbler in their problem-solving abilities. Why should an employee wait weeks or months for IT to address a work ticket if they can build their own technical solution using low-code software in a few days? Global food services giant Sodexo has staff in operations, finance, human resources and procurement that use QuickBase software to build applications. The initiative has brought down the time it takes to complete project plans for new clients from a week to one hour. "We have been able to empower non-technical individuals to become citizen developers. The outcome is always better because the people that need the outcome are the ones that are building solutions," said Bruce Squibb, senior director of program development corporate services at Sodexo North America. Even tech companies, such as Alphabet, are turning to low-code platforms to speed up the development of simple applications. "The bullet is much larger and the gun is much larger, so if you shoot yourself in the foot, you'll blow your whole foot off, not just the toe." -Mark Driver, Gartner analyst, on the need for IT departments to retain a critical role That doesn't mean IT departments will become obsolete. Gartner analyst Mark Driver said complex projects will still require experts with a background in programming, and technical expertise will be vital to ensuring the security, scalability and efficiency of applications created by non-coders. There is greater potential than ever to lose data, overload systems or bring about other technical nightmares. "The bullet is much larger and the gun is much larger, so if you shoot yourself in the foot, you'll blow your whole foot off, not just the toe," Driver said. The long-term success of citizen developers depends on a partnership with IT, he added. QuickBase, which has been selling low-code software since 2000, now has more than 500,000 business subscribers, including 50 percent of the Fortune 100 and companies like Google and Procter & Gamble. Microsoft made its new PowerApps platform generally available earlier this month after a pilot period. Many experts attribute the recent increase in such low-code platform offerings to the growth of cloud and mobile technologies, which have fueled citizen development. Nearly 2 billion people in the world own smartphones, and 95 percent of businesses use cloud technology. "Citizen development in one form or another has been around since the beginning of the PC," Driver said. "What is new is the breadth and depth of these kinds of applications. Twenty to 30 years ago, work that was done in the business unit had a technical limitation. ... Today we have cloud. You can subscribe to a platform and build applications with worldwide users." A Forrester study commissioned by QuickBase found that businesses on average will reap a 260 percent return on investment for low-code platforms due to the reduction in the time and cost to develop applications and the need for fewer IT hires. "You're empowering people who are closest to their work to help solve their own problems," said QuickBase board member Allison Mnookin. Mnookin transitioned out of the QuickBase CEO role on Nov. 16, which is now being assumed by existing QuickBase board chairman Rick Willett. show chapters <p>Coding academy for kids as young as 5</p> <p>Saturday Kids, a coding academy in Singapore, teaches computer programming to kids starting at age five.</p> Coding academy for kids as young as 5    Tuesday, 6 Sep 2016 | 4:04 AM ET | 02:05 O'Farrill's experience proved to him the career opportunities that low-code technologies could create if he was willing to explore them. "These platforms are giving you a sandbox for you to play in," he said. "They are telling you to use it and do whatever you want with it. ... If you want to, you can make a career out of it." With more than 220,000 open software developer positions across the nation and only about 55,000 computer and information science degrees awarded in a year, there is a talent gap. That means companies are eager to hire people with software development knowledge even if their degree is in another field. "There are so many job openings in tech, but if you only look at computer science grads, you have a crisis of talent," Mnookin said. "The citizen developer trend is one of the key things that can address that." A 2015 QuickBase survey found that more than half of the 148 respondents did not have front end web interface or traditional back-end coding skills. Yet 62 percent of these citizen developers built applications for their companies in less than two weeks. Low-code platforms are also eradicating geographic barriers that once relegated software-developing opportunities to Silicon Valley or New York City. Ryan Cunningham, principal product manager for Microsoft PowerApps, said these tools are giving users in rural America some of the same opportunities as those in urban centers. He pointed to one customer who operates wind farms and who built an application to optimize the process of sending service professionals to maintain wind turbines and gather data off of them. "He did all that without writing code or being in a traditional software hub," Cunningham said. "There's a ton of opportunity here beyond the places and people we traditionally think of as software developers." — By Aneri Pattani, special to CNBC.com (Updated to reflect CEO change at QuickBase announced on Nov. 16.) Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CRM --- MSFT --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Slate Sign In Sign Up Working at a Top Company Is No Guarantee That You Will Get Paid Family Leave Working at a Top Company Is No Guarantee That You Will Get Paid Family Leave Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate The XX Factor What Women Really Think Nov. 16 2016 9:47 AM Working at a Top Company Is No Guarantee That You Will Get Paid Family Leave By Elissa Strauss   Congratulations, you had a baby! Now get back to work. Thinkstock/CreativaImages The oft-ballyhooed paid leave arms race taking place among technology companies is a sign of progress—and a distraction. The vast majority of Americans still contend with unforgiving, or non-existent, leave policies, including those who work for some of our country’s biggest companies. For a new report, the paid-leave advocacy organization PL+US inquired into the paid leave policies of the 60 largest employers in the United States and found that the majority of them either offer no policy or refused to answer questions about their policies. Of the 27 companies whose policies they could confirm, Amazon, Bank of America, Deloitte, and Ernst & Young have the most expansive policies, and give mothers and fathers, including adoptive parents, 16 or more weeks of fully paid parental leave. Others at the top include Citigroup, General Electric, and Procter & Gamble, all of which offer 16 to 18 weeks for birth mothers, 4 to 12 weeks for birth fathers, and 4 to 16 weeks for adoptive parents. Advertisement Such efforts are often described as “generous”—including by me. But as I read this report and saw how little it takes to be praised in this manner, how this praise is earned for offering less time than the six months of leave recommended by the president of the American Academy of Pediatrics and the amount of time guaranteed by most industrialized countries around the world, and how many companies feel perfectly OK offering much less or nothing at all, it struck me that word “generous” is too fawning, and therefore too feeble, a term for this context. Large corporations that offer paid leave policies aren’t being generous, they are being just. Those that don’t are not. The unjust include FedEx, which offers 5 weeks to birth mothers and nothing to birth fathers or adoptive parents, and J.C. Penney, Macy’s, and Marriott International, all which offer 6 weeks to birth mothers and nothing to birth fathers or adoptive parents. (PL+US obtained this data on an open-source website, and not directly from the companies themselves.) The exclusion of fathers was common among the policies PL+US surveyed. AT&T, CVS, General Motors, Ford, Starbucks, Supervalu, and Verizon all provide no paternity leave at all. PL+US also found anecdotal evidence suggesting that many employers only offer paid leave to salaried employees and leave hourly employees to fend for themselves following the birth or adoption of a child. Walmart is one example of this that they could confirm. More egregious than having a crappy policy is refusing to discuss your policy altogether. Eight companies responded to PL+US’s inquiries by declining to share their policies, including Boeing, FedEx, Honeywell International, HP, Infosys Limited, Marriott International, TJX, and Walgreens. Other companies, like Gap and Costco Wholesale, which has a reputation for being progressive, didn’t respond at all. “The fact that companies won’t disclose this information makes us wonder what they’re hiding. America’s top companies already share information about sustainability and other policies,” said Katie Bethell, Founder & Executive Director of PL+US, in an email. “It’s time for them to show whether they also value families.” In conjunction with the report, PL+US is joining up with other advocacy organizations and launching an open letter to companies that haven’t disclosed their policies, calling for transparency. While I’m eager to hear how these companies defend themselves, nothing will be more telling than their original refusal to speak. That silence is proof that paid leave, a matter of human decency, can’t be left up to individual enterprises. Instead, we need government policies that ensure that everyone—birth mothers, birth fathers, and adoptive parents, along with those looking after spouses, parents, friends, or siblings—get the time off they need to care for others. Recent presidential election results have decreased the likelihood of any such policies getting passed on a federal level in the near future, but there are still plenty of gains to be made on the city and state levels. Elissa Strauss writes about parenthood for Slate. Follow her on Twitter.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2016 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch DODGY CHAIN Groupon accused of ‘conning shoppers by flogging fake gold jewellery’ Deals site at the centre of BBC Watchdog fake goods scandal after selling fake jewellery, designer clothes and washing powder By JENNIFER HALE 16th November 2016, 11:13 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments BARGAIN deals site Groupon is at the centre of a fresh scandal after an investigation revealed they have been selling fake goods to customers. The site have been accused of misleading customers online with offers that are “too good to be true” and offers of fake goods and services which don’t match their descriptions. Getty Images 5 Groupon have been accused of selling fake goods to innocent consumers 5 Groupon have a range of goods but have been accused of selling fake items An investigation by the BBC’s Watchdog programme found that the public were being misled into buying knock-off costume jewellery at bargain prices – despite it being completely worthless. On the show, which will air at 8pm tonight, experts found that a set of gold sapphire earrings said to be worth £300 but knocked down by 95 per cent were fake – containing no gold and fake gemstones. RELATED STORIES DEADLY SCAM WARNING How scammers target YOU with faulty chargers and fake hoverboards which can catch on FIRE DON'T FALL FOR IT Amazon email scam that could trick you into handing over your details to fraudsters this Black Friday CROOKS NOT COOKS From £600 fake passports to £1,500 bogus British Citizen Certificates... meet the Great British Fake Off contestants FAKE FIZZ FURORE Dangerous boom in counterfeit pop 'will threaten UK once Osborne's sugar tax comes into force' HACKING HOAX PayPal email scam tricks YOU into handing over your password - how to protect yourself Chris Walne, from The London Assay Office, told Watchdog: “Groupon are breaking UK law by claiming the stones are sapphires and by using terms like “white gold filled”. “We could not see any gold at all on those earrings. I wouldn’t buy them for £2 let alone £15 or £300, let’s put it that way!” Watchdog presenter Nikki Fox also investigated the checks Groupon have in place for deals that appear on their website. She set up a completely fake makeover company, Hair & Beauty by Nikki Fox, and was told that all Groupon needed to confirm the deal was an address, website and Facebook page. The site accepted he completely fake application and were ready to put the ‘deal’ live. Alamy 5 The BBC programme found that jewellery being sold on the site was fake (stock image) Nikki said: “Groupon is a trusted name online but as our research shows you can’t always trust the deals on their site. Some of the prices look unbelievable and as tonight’s Watchdog reveals – they are. “We were shocked with how little information we were asked to provide before our fake deal was good to go. “Fake goods, disappointing experiences and bogus companies – surely it’s time for Groupon to cut out the dodgy deals.” What to do if you've bought fake goods According to Which? you may be entitled to a refund or an exchange. They say: “When you buy goods or services on your credit or debit card you have extra protection if things go wrong compared with paying by cheque or cash. “You can make a claim against your card provider under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act, if the item you bought cost more than £100 and less than £30,000. “If you bought something costing less than £100, or used your debit card, you can ask your card provider to reverse a transaction using chargeback.” You should also report the item to Trading Standards, Action Fraud and Brand-i. Customers also revealed they had been scammed with fake designer clothes and fake washing powder. Cark Churchman, from Hove, purchased an industrial-sized box of Ariel laundry powder for just £21.98 – an incredible 50 per cent discount. But he grew suspicious when he began to break out in a rash and noticed there were no suds, smell or aroma from the washing. BBC/ Watchdog 5 Watchdog will air their investigation into Groupon at 8pm on BBC One tonight When he complained to manufacturers Proctor and Gamble, they tested it and confirmed it was counterfeit. They said that if a deal looks too good to be true, then it probably is. They added: “The safety of the people who buy our products is our number one priority. Counterfeit products are substandard, possibly harmful or dangerous and a form of consumer fraud. “We work with retailers to ensure that only genuine products are offered for sale and that the supply chains are safe and secure.” Ralph Lauren polo shirts that were advertised as 53 per cent off were also revealed as fakes after an investigation by Trading Standards. And a couple who purchased a professional photo-shoot with 95 per cent off were given a different service to what was advertised on the site. Groupon said they take counterfeiting seriously and are investigating reports of fake goods. Alamy 5 One customer bought washing powder which turned out to be counterfeit They said: “As a large marketplace we sell millions of products from over 1000 suppliers each year in the UK. This scale allows us to give our customers great deals on top named brands. “As with any major online retailer, we take counterfeiting seriously and work hard to make sure that no-one ends up being disappointed with their purchase. “We work closely with suppliers to perform checks to ensure counterfeit items do not enter the supply chain. “On the extremely rare occasion where we are made aware that a product we’ve sold may be counterfeit, we immediately conduct an investigation and if necessary, recall the product and provide a full refund.” They added: “We are aware of the BBC’s investigation into two of our deals featuring gold earrings. “We are conducting an independent investigation into the concerns raised and have removed these items from our site pending those results. “Any customer who is concerned about a deal they have bought should contact us so we can resolve their query.” BBC Watchdog will air at 8pm tonight on BBC One. Have you accidentally purchased fake goods from Groupon? Email me at jennifer.hale@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4427   Topics Money online shopping Shopping Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living hot tub time machine Remember Big Brother’s Anthony Hutton who romped with Makosi? Here's what he looks like now Living WTF Frocky horror From VERY daring necklines to flag fails, here are 20 brides who should have said 'I DON'T' to the dress Living Quids in These five 50p coin designs are worth up to £3,000... so how many have YOU got hiding in your purse? Living WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR From excessive sleeping to to much booze... these are the 5 signs that your man is depressed Living 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living All grown up! From All Saints to TLC… You won’t believe what your favourite 90s bands’ kids look like now Living Exclusive 'I don't give a s**t what people say' Cheryl reveals she is happier than ever Living cashing in? There’s now FOUR AK47 £5 notes for sale on eBay...and the guide price is a cool £1MILLION Living 'NAME OVER' One mum has revealed what she wants to name her baby daughter… and her family and Mumsnet are furious about it Living 'Gut-wrenching' Wife writes about the moment she knew her husband was cheating... in an open letter to his mistress Living FACIAL PARALYSIS What is Bell's palsy, the condition that rules Scarlett Moffatt out of Bushtucker Trials? Living festive frenzy The McDonald's Christmas 2016 menu includes a McFlurry you won't want to miss Living filling festive? Save a fiver filling your car at Christmas as Morrisons offer £1-a-litre petrol deals across the country Living Pictured ‘Winner takes all #privateschool’ Rich Kids of UK joke about ‘peasants’ in Primark and boast about £60k Range Rovers Living Video Hitting new heights Woman who is 6ft 9in was called ‘Godzilla’ by bullies… but got her own back by working as a FETISH MODEL Living Most Popular 'I don’t feel sorry for myself' I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt's struggle after suffering facial paralysis condition… TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'i'll hit you roo' Wedding guest threatened to PUNCH drunk Wayne Rooney for 'getting handsy' with his wife during England… Football hot tub time machine Remember Big Brother’s Anthony Hutton who romped with Makosi? Here's what he looks like now Living WTF Frocky horror From VERY daring necklines to flag fails, here are 20 brides who should have said 'I DON'T' to the dress Living Quids in These five 50p coin designs are worth up to £3,000... so how many have YOU got hiding in your purse? Living 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR From excessive sleeping to to much booze... these are the 5 signs that your man is depressed Living WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz sex beast 'Repulsive' woman, 27, admits having sex with her PITBULL while her boyfriend filmed News 'SNOWMAGEDDON' Bookies slash odds on white Christmas as forecasters predict more snow is set to batter Britain this weekend News Video honey g-enius X Factor’s Honey G gets standing ovation AGAIN… sparking shock from confused viewers TV & Showbiz All grown up! From All Saints to TLC… You won’t believe what your favourite 90s bands’ kids look like now Living SMOKING AND GROPING Smoking Kylie Jenner wears sexy lingerie in VERY saucy ad as she unveils her new mystery shop TV & Showbiz 'BOO F******* HOO!' Prince William blasted on Twitter after complaining about 'struggling' with parenthood News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report S.V. Trading & Agencies reports consolidated net loss of Rs 0.03 crore in the September 2016 quarter Business Standard Shares turn range bound Capital Market  November 16, 2016 Last Updated at 13:10 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJDgOj Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Shares jump on strong global signals Shares extend intraday losses Metal and mining shares in demand Broad market depicts strength Strong market breadth Key benchmark indices continued hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 163.96 points or 0.62% at 26,468.59. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 51.40 points or 0.63% at 8,159.85. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,349 shares rose and 1,074 shares declined. A total of 140 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.98%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Meanwhile, Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi in a statement to media outside Parliament House today, 16 November 2016, at the start of winter session of parliament said that in order to carry forward the work on the Goods and Services Tax (GST), the government has held discussions with the state governments and the political parties. The consultation process has been going on ahead of this session as well, the PM said. The winter session of the parliament is slated between 16 November and 16 December 2016. There will be a total of 22 sittings. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks edged higher tracking overnight gains in US markets. US stocks registered modest gains yesterday, 15 November 2016, as energy shares climbed on the back of rising crude oil prices. Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer reportedly said yesterday, 15 November 2016, that he was surprised by the outcome of the US presidential election. Fischer cautioned it is too early to fully assess market fallout and said market swings following Britain's vote to leave the European Union provided a cautionary example. Fischer reportedly said that US banking rules may be limiting liquidity for some securities but their impact is not unduly hurting markets. Axis Bank was up 0.93% to Rs 483.60. The bank announced lending rates based on marginal cost of funds to be effective from 18 November 2016. The bank's Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (MCLR) for overnight loans will be 8.65%, for one month will be 8.70% and for three months will be 8.90%. The MCLR on 6-month loans will be 9% and for one-year loans the rate would be 9.05%, the bank said. MCLR for two-year loans would be at 9.10% and loans with three-year maturity would carry an MCLR of 9.15%, the bank said. The announcement was made during market hours today, 16 November 2016. FMCG shares were mixed. Jyothy Laboratories (up 4.83%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 4.53%), Britannia Industries (up 3.63%), Marico (up 3.32%), Dabur India (up 3.16%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 2.22%) and Nestle India (up 0.60%), edged higher. Hindustan Unilever (down 0.34%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.65%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.57%) and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.7%), edged lower. Tata Global Beverages rose 5.25% after consolidated net profit surged 60.1% to Rs 139.62 crore on 2.69% fall in total income to Rs 1656.91 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016. Tata Global Beverages said that while the underlying business saw volume growth, this was offset by price reductions and adverse impact of currency translation. Group consolidated net profit growth reflected both improved operating performance and better performance by joint ventures and associate companies, Tata Global Beverages said. The latest quarter saw a continued focus on the global health & wellness trend and innovative product launches, the company said. Ajoy Misra, Managing Director and CEO of Tata Global Beverages, said that the company's product launches leverage the health and wellness trend across geographies. Consumers are seeking enhanced beverage experiences which are also healthy choices and the company is leveraging this insight across product categories. Joint venture companies Tata Starbucks and NourishCo continue to show steady growth and the company is committed to growing them further, Ajoy Misra said. Power generation stocks edged higher. JSW Energy (up 2.88%), CESC (up 2.40%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 2.01%), Tata Power (up 1.51%), Adani Power (up 1.03%), NHPC (up 0.41%), NTPC (up 0.30%), Torrent Power (up 0.27%), Reliance Power (up 0.24%) and GMR Infrastructure (up 0.09%), edged higher. Jaiprakash Power Ventures was down 0.49%. State-run Coal India was up 0.14%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 2.49%. On the macro front, India's trade deficit in October 2016 widened to $10.16 billion compared with $8.34 billion in the previous month, government data released after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed. Merchandise exports grew 9.6% year-on-year to $23.5 billion in October, while imports expanded 8.11% year-on-year to $33.67 billion. Meanwhile, data released by the government after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed that the all-India general CPI inflation dipped to 4.2% in October 2016 compared with 4.39% in September 2016. The core CPI inflation was nearly flat 4.81% in October 2016 from 4.77% in September 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Shares | Bse | Nifty | Sensex PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Shares turn range bound Key benchmark indices continued hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 163.96 points or 0.62% at 26,468.59. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 51.40 points or 0.63% at 8,159.85. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. Key benchmark indices continued hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 163.96 points or 0.62% at 26,468.59. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 51.40 points or 0.63% at 8,159.85. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,349 shares rose and 1,074 shares declined. A total of 140 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.98%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Meanwhile, Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi in a statement to media outside Parliament House today, 16 November 2016, at the start of winter session of parliament said that in order to carry forward the work on the Goods and Services Tax (GST), the government has held discussions with the state governments and the political parties. The consultation process has been going on ahead of this session as well, the PM said. The winter session of the parliament is slated between 16 November and 16 December 2016. There will be a total of 22 sittings. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks edged higher tracking overnight gains in US markets. US stocks registered modest gains yesterday, 15 November 2016, as energy shares climbed on the back of rising crude oil prices. Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer reportedly said yesterday, 15 November 2016, that he was surprised by the outcome of the US presidential election. Fischer cautioned it is too early to fully assess market fallout and said market swings following Britain's vote to leave the European Union provided a cautionary example. Fischer reportedly said that US banking rules may be limiting liquidity for some securities but their impact is not unduly hurting markets. Axis Bank was up 0.93% to Rs 483.60. The bank announced lending rates based on marginal cost of funds to be effective from 18 November 2016. The bank's Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (MCLR) for overnight loans will be 8.65%, for one month will be 8.70% and for three months will be 8.90%. The MCLR on 6-month loans will be 9% and for one-year loans the rate would be 9.05%, the bank said. MCLR for two-year loans would be at 9.10% and loans with three-year maturity would carry an MCLR of 9.15%, the bank said. The announcement was made during market hours today, 16 November 2016. FMCG shares were mixed. Jyothy Laboratories (up 4.83%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 4.53%), Britannia Industries (up 3.63%), Marico (up 3.32%), Dabur India (up 3.16%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 2.22%) and Nestle India (up 0.60%), edged higher. Hindustan Unilever (down 0.34%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.65%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.57%) and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.7%), edged lower. Tata Global Beverages rose 5.25% after consolidated net profit surged 60.1% to Rs 139.62 crore on 2.69% fall in total income to Rs 1656.91 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016. Tata Global Beverages said that while the underlying business saw volume growth, this was offset by price reductions and adverse impact of currency translation. Group consolidated net profit growth reflected both improved operating performance and better performance by joint ventures and associate companies, Tata Global Beverages said. The latest quarter saw a continued focus on the global health & wellness trend and innovative product launches, the company said. Ajoy Misra, Managing Director and CEO of Tata Global Beverages, said that the company's product launches leverage the health and wellness trend across geographies. Consumers are seeking enhanced beverage experiences which are also healthy choices and the company is leveraging this insight across product categories. Joint venture companies Tata Starbucks and NourishCo continue to show steady growth and the company is committed to growing them further, Ajoy Misra said. Power generation stocks edged higher. JSW Energy (up 2.88%), CESC (up 2.40%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 2.01%), Tata Power (up 1.51%), Adani Power (up 1.03%), NHPC (up 0.41%), NTPC (up 0.30%), Torrent Power (up 0.27%), Reliance Power (up 0.24%) and GMR Infrastructure (up 0.09%), edged higher. Jaiprakash Power Ventures was down 0.49%. State-run Coal India was up 0.14%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 2.49%. On the macro front, India's trade deficit in October 2016 widened to $10.16 billion compared with $8.34 billion in the previous month, government data released after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed. Merchandise exports grew 9.6% year-on-year to $23.5 billion in October, while imports expanded 8.11% year-on-year to $33.67 billion. Meanwhile, data released by the government after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed that the all-India general CPI inflation dipped to 4.2% in October 2016 compared with 4.39% in September 2016. The core CPI inflation was nearly flat 4.81% in October 2016 from 4.77% in September 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Shares turn range bound Key benchmark indices continued hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 163.96 points or 0.62% at 26,468.59. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 51.40 points or 0.63% at 8,159.85. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,349 shares rose and 1,074 shares declined. A total of 140 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.98%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Meanwhile, Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi in a statement to media outside Parliament House today, 16 November 2016, at the start of winter session of parliament said that in order to carry forward the work on the Goods and Services Tax (GST), the government has held discussions with the state governments and the political parties. The consultation process has been going on ahead of this session as well, the PM said. The winter session of the parliament is slated between 16 November and 16 December 2016. There will be a total of 22 sittings. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks edged higher tracking overnight gains in US markets. US stocks registered modest gains yesterday, 15 November 2016, as energy shares climbed on the back of rising crude oil prices. Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer reportedly said yesterday, 15 November 2016, that he was surprised by the outcome of the US presidential election. Fischer cautioned it is too early to fully assess market fallout and said market swings following Britain's vote to leave the European Union provided a cautionary example. Fischer reportedly said that US banking rules may be limiting liquidity for some securities but their impact is not unduly hurting markets. Axis Bank was up 0.93% to Rs 483.60. The bank announced lending rates based on marginal cost of funds to be effective from 18 November 2016. The bank's Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (MCLR) for overnight loans will be 8.65%, for one month will be 8.70% and for three months will be 8.90%. The MCLR on 6-month loans will be 9% and for one-year loans the rate would be 9.05%, the bank said. MCLR for two-year loans would be at 9.10% and loans with three-year maturity would carry an MCLR of 9.15%, the bank said. The announcement was made during market hours today, 16 November 2016. FMCG shares were mixed. Jyothy Laboratories (up 4.83%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 4.53%), Britannia Industries (up 3.63%), Marico (up 3.32%), Dabur India (up 3.16%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 2.22%) and Nestle India (up 0.60%), edged higher. Hindustan Unilever (down 0.34%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.65%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.57%) and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.7%), edged lower. Tata Global Beverages rose 5.25% after consolidated net profit surged 60.1% to Rs 139.62 crore on 2.69% fall in total income to Rs 1656.91 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016. Tata Global Beverages said that while the underlying business saw volume growth, this was offset by price reductions and adverse impact of currency translation. Group consolidated net profit growth reflected both improved operating performance and better performance by joint ventures and associate companies, Tata Global Beverages said. The latest quarter saw a continued focus on the global health & wellness trend and innovative product launches, the company said. Ajoy Misra, Managing Director and CEO of Tata Global Beverages, said that the company's product launches leverage the health and wellness trend across geographies. Consumers are seeking enhanced beverage experiences which are also healthy choices and the company is leveraging this insight across product categories. Joint venture companies Tata Starbucks and NourishCo continue to show steady growth and the company is committed to growing them further, Ajoy Misra said. Power generation stocks edged higher. JSW Energy (up 2.88%), CESC (up 2.40%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 2.01%), Tata Power (up 1.51%), Adani Power (up 1.03%), NHPC (up 0.41%), NTPC (up 0.30%), Torrent Power (up 0.27%), Reliance Power (up 0.24%) and GMR Infrastructure (up 0.09%), edged higher. Jaiprakash Power Ventures was down 0.49%. State-run Coal India was up 0.14%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 2.49%. On the macro front, India's trade deficit in October 2016 widened to $10.16 billion compared with $8.34 billion in the previous month, government data released after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed. Merchandise exports grew 9.6% year-on-year to $23.5 billion in October, while imports expanded 8.11% year-on-year to $33.67 billion. Meanwhile, data released by the government after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed that the all-India general CPI inflation dipped to 4.2% in October 2016 compared with 4.39% in September 2016. The core CPI inflation was nearly flat 4.81% in October 2016 from 4.77% in September 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Advertise How to Build an Online Community Online Reputation Management October 22, 2016 Online Reputation Management Meg CabreraOctober 22, 2016 SEJ STAFF 670SHARES 684READS 670SHARES 684READS SEJ STAFFMeg Cabrera 670SHARES 684READS In the digital marketing world, more and more brands are now geared towards building a community. A community is a group of people engaging, sharing, and working toward a common goal. They are bound by similar interests, or thoughts. Brands like Disney and Red Bull have embraced this marketing initiative. Erica McGillivray, former senior community manager at Moz, talked about nurturing and growing a community in this recent Marketing Nerds episode. Listen to how she discussed the benefits of building a strong community around your brand, how they rolled out this strategy at Moz: Your browser does not support the audio element. Moz has successfully built its community through live events. At SEJ, we’ve also seen the importance of meeting our community through SEJ Summit, our conference series specifically designed for search marketers held year-round across the United States. The members of a brand’s community may not necessarily be product consumers. They may be a group of individuals who share a common belief, or who are followers of your brand.  These followers may become your biggest brand advocates, who can defend you in bad times, and empower your brand even more during good times. Here are a few tips on how to build your own community. Target Emotions One of the biggest advantages of building a community is allowing people to follow your brand, and they do this voluntarily. They weren’t forced, they deliberately decided to follow you. And once they do, they either love your brand or they’re upset. If they love your brand, then they’re your biggest brand ambassadors who will champion your causes. If they’re upset about your brand, welcome their insights, and hear them vent or rant about your brand. For sure, they’ll make it known in your community and will elicit good engagement between those who love you—and those who hate you. Good engagement will help your community grow. Educate Your Followers One good strategy to further build your community is to not talk about your brand. Instead, educate your followers about their need for your product, without even mentioning your brand. Procter & Gamble has a campaign called “Everyday” which offers insights and tips to the different members of their communities. The My Black is Beautiful community celebrates the collective beauty of black women. It provides fellowship amongst the members, plus it gives tips and provides education to its members. Hear Them Out Take advantage of the dialogue amongst the members of your community. Hear out their feedback, and make sure that you take action from their suggestions. Starbucks has successfully leveraged its community insights to come up with product ideas, experience ideas, merchandise materials, and community ideas in its My Starbucks Idea campaign. In Conclusion Build a dynamic community by welcoming your followers—both the good, and the not so good ones. Allow room for engagement and discussion, so you can learn from them. Educate them so they can also learn from you. Foster growth by helping them connect with others, so they can learn from each other as well.   Image Credits Featured Image: Rawpixel/DepositPhotos.com All screenshots by Meg Cabrera. Taken August 2016.  Related Posts How to Build a Social Online Community: An Interview with Katy Keim How to Build a Thriving Online Community How To Grow A Community, Tips For Community Managers: Interview With Ann Smarty 6 Absolutely Free Ways to Build a Community Around Your Blog Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Meg Cabrera Research and Editorial Assistant at Search Engine Journal Meg is part of SEJ's editorial team based in Manila, Philippines. She is responsible for internet research projects, chasing deadlines, and assisting with the SEJ... Read Full Bio @megcabrera +Meg Cabrera Latest posts by Meg Cabrera (see all) Weekly Wrap-Up: October 28th, 2016 - October 31, 2016 Marketing Automation Best Practices with Peter Leshaw [PODCAST] - October 28, 2016 What’s The Best Time to Post Ads and Content on Social Media? [INFOGRAPHIC] - October 27, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Karthik Your community can clearly see why initial plans or policies – which by very nature can often appear a done deal – have been drawn up the way they have, and comment accordingly. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Kerry Jones on Creating Content Around Hot Button Topics See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.4K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 5.1K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 5.1K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.5K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.2K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 3 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 4 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School 5 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 How to Build a Social Online Community: An Interview with Katy Keim 2 How to Build a Thriving Online Community 3 How To Grow A Community, Tips For Community Managers: Interview With Ann Smarty 4 6 Absolutely Free Ways to Build a Community Around Your Blog [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
null
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Money Special reports Investing Property Bills Insurance Pensions Banking Tax A-Z Financial Services Telegraph Investor More Telegraph Money Special reports How to invest for income - after Trump Donald Trump's victory in the US Presidential election could mean a great rotation in markets Credit: Evan Vucci/AP Teresa Hunter 16 November 2016 • 8:11am The election of Donald Trump has resulted in a boost to share prices, especially in America. But it has raised a question mark over the value of income-producing investments, such as bonds. This is because if, as expected, Mr Trump's policies bring about a return to inflation and higher interest rates, these investments could lose value. But what choice does that leave income-seekers? Annuities, where investors swap a lump sum for a lifelong income paid by an insurer, remain unattractive. It would take a strong rise in investment returns for these to improve, experts say. Annuities typically pay a 65-year-old a 4.6pc return - including return of capital - or £4,498 per £100,000, and you need to live 21 years to make sure you get back the full £100,000 worth. Even then, nothing will be left when you die. Alternatively, you could build your own income-generating investment portfolio to provide that same level of cash flow, while retaining control of your funds. This is not a risk-free option, esepcially as the prices of incomepaying assets are high and potentially vulnerable. Tom Stevenson, investment director at Fidelity, points out: "Safe sources of income have disappeared, so you have to take more risks by investing, for example, in high-yield corporate bonds, shares, or property." Some of these assets could correct quite sharply if rates rise. Rob Burgeman, from stockbrokers Brewin Dolphin, suggested you can lower the risk by spreading your investments. Furthermore, if you take only the "natural yield" from your portfolio - the actual income paid out - you can afford to ride out fluctuations in capital value. Laith Khalaf, from Hargreaves Lansdown, the fund shop, said: "A well-constructed income portfolio might earn 3.5 to 4pc a year. This is close to what an annuity will buy at 60. But to bridge the income gap at 65, you need to invest roughly £30,000 more to get the £4,500 income that a £100,000 annuity will provide." 1. Bond funds Bonds are issued by governments and companies and pay a fixed return. Because their payout is fixed, bonds become less valuable when the returns on other assets rise or are expected to rise. In fact, since the announcement of Mr Trump's election victory, there has been a marked sell-off in bonds. But bonds will remain a significant component for many who need income and cannot afford to risk their capital. "Strategic bond funds are a good way into the bond market. These funds allow a fund manager to switch between different types of bonds to find the best balance of returns. Five tips for managing your stocks and shares Isa Play! 02:27 Rob Morgan, an investment analyst at Charles Stanley, said: "Strategic bond funds are better equipped to cope with changing market conditions given their flexibility to invest across the bond spectrum from government bonds to riskier high yield bonds." Funds worth considering include Henderson Strategic Bond, paying an estimated annual yield of 4.4pc; Jupiter Strategic Bond, paying 4.4pc; Rathbone Strategic Bond, paying 3.1pc; or Aviva Investors Strategic Bond Fund, yielding 3.7pc. If you can take a higher level of risk, the Royal London Extra Yield Bond pays 6.6pc by investing in largely UKbased corporate bonds. Invesco Perpetual's high-yield bond fund, which pays 5.7pc, holds corporate bonds from America, European and UK companies. Beware some of these higher yielding funds, as charges come out of your investment - so while your income is maintained, your capital may fall. 2. UK equity income funds Dividends from companies are another source of income. Some funds specialise in shares that combine a healthy dividend with the prospect of capital growth over time. UK equity income funds tend to pay a slightly higher income than global income funds, although investors should check how frequently earnings are distributed. While many pay quarterly, others distribute every six months. Well-regarded funds include Threadneedle Equity Income, yielding 3.7pc; J O Hambro UK Equity Income paying 4.6pc; Rathbone Income paying 3.6pc; Invesco Perpetual Income paying 3.5pc; Woodford Equity Income at 3.4pc; and Troy Trojan Income paying 3.8pc. Investors holding more than one of these funds should look carefully at which shares the funds are holding. For example, most funds hold companies that pay a healthy dividend, such as Unilever, Royal Dutch Shell, AstraZeneca, and GlaxoSmithKline. There is a risk of duplicating some of these holdings. 3. Global income funds Global funds provide some protection against volatility by helping to spread the risk across different countries and companies. Artemis Global Income pays 2.9pc and invests in companies such as BHP Billiton, Apple, General Motors, Western Digital Corp. Newton Global Income pays 2.9pc and invests in Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Novartis, Diageo and Western Union. 4. Investment trusts Many investment trusts pay an attractive regular dividend. Now could be a good time to buy as some quality trusts are trading at "discounts" to asset value. This means they are trading below the value of the assets held in the funds.  Investment trusts why do they trade on a discount of premium? Mr Khalaf said: “The discount effectively boosts the yield of the underlying portfolio for the investor. “For instance if you get a 10pc discount on a trust, that means you pay £90 for £100 worth of shares. If that portfolio of shares yields 4pc, you’ll get £4 a year in income, but based on your £90 investment that actually equates to a yield of 4.4pc.” Perpetual Income and Growth Investment Trust, yielding 3.4pc, is currently trading on a discount of around 6pc. Edinburgh Investment Trust, paying a yield of 4.4pc, has a 4.4pc discount, and City of London pays a 4pc dividend and is trading at a discount of 2pc. 5. Income Maximiser Funds These funds sacrifice some of the potential capital growth to boost the available income. They use derivative trading to boost income, a strategy known as writing “covered call options”. The way these complicated structures work means that the fund will perform well in a steadily rising market, but if there is a sharp spike, or rally, in prices the fund may not perform as well. Patrick Connolly, a financial planner at Chase de Vere, said: “These are run as a typical equity income fund, except that some of the capital growth upside is sacrificed to boost the income. The fund is likely to underperform when markets are rising but should do comparatively well when they are falling.” Fidelity Enhanced Income, and Schroder Income Maximiser both yielding around 6.9pc are worth looking at. New opportunities, new dangers: How to safeguard your investments in the era of Donald Trump 'Investors can raise a glass to Donald Trump’ These investments should survive anything Donald Trump throws at markets  6. Multi-Asset Funds  If you are nervous about constructing a portfolio for yourself, particularly if more volatility is coming, then multi-asset funds do it for you, by investing in lots of different asset classes. For example, JP Morgan’s Multi-Asset Income, paying 3.7pc, has 56pc invested in bonds, 23pc in international equities, 7pc in property, 6pc in UK equities and the rest in cash and “alternative” assets. Invesco Perpetual’s Distribution fund pays 4.3pc on a basket of 34pc international bonds, 33pc UK equities, 28pc UK corporate bonds and the rest in cash. Edentree Higher Income Fund pays 4.3pc on a portfolio of 46pc UK equities, 24pc international equities, 11pc UK corporate bonds, 6pc investment trusts and 4pc property, and the rest in cash or “alternative” assets. 7. Share portfolio  Confident investors may prefer to build their own share portfolios. However, they should be wary of putting too much into one company, and should know the risks of putting large amounts of their capital in the fortunes of individual companies. Unilever, the company behind brands such as Marmite, is a good long-term share buy, says Brewin Dolphin’s Mr Burgeman Credit: Hannah Mackay/EPA They should also look at the impact of Trump's policies on different sectors, with some companies set to benefit from his plans, while others will be hit.  Brewin Dolphin’s Mr  Burgeman, suggests starting with Unilever, the company behind consumer brands such as Hellman’s, Dove and Lipton, currently yielding 3.1pc; expected to rise to 3.3pc for next year. Prudential is next on his list, because the insurance giant’s Asian operations are forecast to grow. Shares currently yield 3pc; expected to rise to 3.2pc next year. Drinks group Diageo  and leading Swiss pharmaceutical company, Novartis, are his other top tips. 8.   Property  Rental income can be valuable for retirees, many of whom are dipping toes into buy-to-let. However, bricks and mortar are not necessarily trouble-free investments, and increasingly attracting the attention of the taxman. Property funds are an alternative, particularly those investing in the commercial sector, however, they can be illiquid in times of trouble. We saw this most recently in the aftermath of the EU referendum, when large scale redemption requests from investors saw the majority of large UK commercial property funds close temporarily, as they did not have sufficient cash to pay departing investors. Two worth considering are Henderson UK property, with an annual yield of 3.2pc, and M&G Property Portfolio, paying 4.19 annually. Those wanting to bypass the liquidity issues can use a “closed ended” investment trust instead. Shares of trusts trade on the stock market like company shares, meaning they are not closed to trading in times of panic. An investor exodus pushes the share price down and bargain hunters take advantage of the opportunity to buy. UK Commercial Trust and F&C Commercial Property Trust are two options, both offering 4.6pc yield. They are trading at a near 6pc discount and a 4pc discount, respectively. Sign up to our emails   Follow Telegraph Money READ MORE ABOUT: Dividends Equities Shares Inflation Funds Investment trusts Commercial property Bonds Donald Trump Interest rates Show more Money latest 20 Nov 2016, 7:31am How an extra 1pc investment fee will cost you 16 years of retirement income 20 Nov 2016, 7:25am Four ways fund companies rip you off 20 Nov 2016, 7:17am Jim Davidson: 'I’ve never saved anything. I haven’t got any money now. None.' Premium 20 Nov 2016, 7:07am 'Should I take £719k cash now, or get an income of £28k for life?' Premium 20 Nov 2016, 6:22am 'Why did Standard Life stop sending us statements for our £250k savings?' 20 Nov 2016, 6:21am 'Does Scottish Power owe us compensation?' 20 Nov 2016, 6:00am How tall, terraced houses became the talk of the town 20 Nov 2016, 5:30am The story of a humble dairy, from high society to holiday stay 19 Nov 2016, 11:13am Comment: Why now is the worst time to take out a fixed rate savings account Richard Dyson Premium 19 Nov 2016, 7:32am Your mortgage is going to cost more very soon - here is why 19 Nov 2016, 7:26am 'I've been investing for 32 years and I've never seen so much fear' Premium 19 Nov 2016, 7:11am Buy these bargain stocks before they make a comeback 19 Nov 2016, 7:00am Student debt: what all parents need to know 19 Nov 2016, 6:14am 'Why won't our travel insurance pay out after my husband's heart attack?' 19 Nov 2016, 6:08am 'I was in a car accident that wasn't my fault, so why has my premium risen?' 19 Nov 2016, 6:00am One Blackfriars: an exclusive look inside the Vase, London's newest skyscraper 18 Nov 2016, 5:04pm House prices in George Osborne's neighbourhood fall - a victim of his changes to stamp duty 18 Nov 2016, 3:41pm Leasehold scandal: ground rent that starts at £250, then rockets to ... £69 trillion 18 Nov 2016, 3:40pm Comment: For the first time since I began to invest in any serious way, I have sold a significant chunk of my portfolio  Richard Evans Premium 18 Nov 2016, 2:42pm Comment: 'How I positioned my £1.6bn portfolio for higher inflation' Marcus Brookes Premium 18 Nov 2016, 12:51pm Analysis: how the Government destroyed buy-to-let in 16 months Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Electric toothbrush startup Goby charges into subscription retail Electric toothbrush startup Goby charges into subscription retail Wednesday, 5 October 2016 Now that direct-to-consumer sales have disrupted categories like eyeglasses via Warby Parker and razors, courtesy of Dollar Shave Club, shoppers have another vertical to consider: the electric toothbrush by Goby. The Manhattan-based startup launches today, aiming to take on the two dominant brands in the field, Philips Sonicare and Procter & Gamble-owned Oral-B, which alone dominate about 85 percent of the market, said Ben Goldberg, who cofounded Goby with Claire Burke. The idea behind Goby is… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Business Autumn Statement: UK economy must be 'match fit' for BREXIT 'FANTASTIC BEASTS' easily wins the weekend box office Protecting South AFRICA's macadamia nut crop PHILIP HAMMOND hits back at critics of government for having no Brexit plan Dozens Killed, Injured in India TRAIN DERAILMENT Rooney lashes out at 'disgraceful' treatment post ENGLAND hotel controversy VOLKSWAGEN CEO says sees case for building own battery factory - paper JOHN MCDONNELL just said he'd back a rise in the 40p tax threshold Syrian Foreign Minister Rejects UN Proposal for 'Autonomous Zone' in Rebel-held ALEPPO How will mill jobs return to this Trump county in WASHINGTON state? Twitter Facebook Page People Jared Kushner Donald Trump Angela Merkel Barack Obama Mike Pence Current Topics Holy Door Washington Seek Fourth Bruno Mars Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories The Mystery of London's KILLER FOG has just been solved MOVIE REVIEW: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them What Next For AirBnB? Tour Guides, That's What Why You Could Soon Be Protected On The Road With a $5 Paper Helmet DOCTOR WHO: Is Season 10 The Last For Peter Capaldi? Who Will Run For President In 2020 - And Why Are So Many Looking To Hollywood? Blackberry's Last Encore.. And It's Got a Keyboard Further BREXIT Delays? Why The UK's EU Departure May Now Be Coming Even Later Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
null

Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Martin Jon Adolfsson Leaves BBH London to Join Edelman Deportivo as Creative Director Advertisement NEXT:Fred & Farid Crams All 21 of Your Favorite Taglines Into One Alibaba Spot PREVIOUS:Former M&C Saatchi Creative Lead Heads to Arnold in Boston Revolving Door Martin Jon Adolfsson Leaves BBH London to Join Edelman Deportivo as Creative Director By Erik Oster on Nov. 15, 2016 - 2:26 PMComment Edelman Deportivo of Sweden hired Martin Jon Adolfsson as a creative director. Adolfsson joins Edelman from BBH London, where he has served as a senior creative and art director since August of 2015, including work on Samsung’s “Bedtime VR Stories.” Before joining BBH London he spent time as a freelance associate creative director with R/GA, working on Nike, and as a freelance senior creative and art director with Anomaly. Prior to that he spent two years as innovation and interactive creative director at TBWA\London, working with clients including Apple, Adidas, Nissan, Airbnb, Lidl and GSK, following a short stint as associate creative director with Razorfish working on the U.K. digital McDonald’s account. Prior to that he spent over three years at CP+B in Gothenburg, Sweden and London, serving as a senior creative and working with clients including Diesel, Ubisoft, P&G, Burger King, Milka and Pringles. “We are excited to welcome Martin to the family. He has been an outsider in the advertising world, always looking for new ways to interact with audiences rather than interrupt them with forced messages. Simply put, the type of brain we need to help our clients in a world where people more and more avoid traditional advertising,” Edelman Deportivo CCO Stefan Ronge said in a statement. “Already from first sight it clicked,” Adolffson added. “Edelman Deportivo has some of the most amazing thinkers I’ve come across, whom fearlessly mix storytelling with innovation, deeply rooted in culture, creating beautiful earned magic.” In case you weren’t aware, the 20-strong Edelman Deportivo was acquired by the PR giant back in 2014. It makes some truly weird work like this campaign encouraging kids to eat more bread in inevitable, post-apocalyptic future. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Marketing Agency Merger Diversifies Services Portfolio, Adds Depth to Digital Suite By Published: Nov 15, 2016 11:01 a.m. ET Share ABBOTSFORD, BRITISH COLUMBIA, Nov 15, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- CREW Marketing Partners acquires GOODSIR Creative Inc. ABBOTSFORD, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Nov 15, 2016) - CREW Marketing Partners, a national marketing leader, has announced it has acquired the business operations of GOODSIR, an award-winning digital agency located in Kelowna, BC. This acquisition combines the strategic marketing focus of CREW with GOODSIR's creative, digital and web development services. The new partnership strengthens CREW's Kelowna operation in the Okanagan while adding considerable depth to their overall digital services. "This new business model brings together the best of two agencies," says Braden Douglas, Principal and Founding Partner of CREW Marketing Partners. "By combining CREW's strength in foundational marketing and brand strategy with GOODSIR's depth in digital web development services, we can bring even more strategic marketing sophistication to our clients." Mergers and acquisitions are not uncommon in the industry however Douglas says they need to be strategic and well defined so that they ultimately add value for clients. "We're committed to the right expansion as we see the demand for our unique agency model increasing across Canada." "I've seen the results CREW's achieved first-hand and their partnership approach to marketing is a great match with our own philosophy," says Brad Marshall, one of GOODSIR's co-founders and now Director of Digital Marketing. "There's a growing technology sector here in Kelowna and, with our deep roots in the community, we're really looking forward to focusing on the development of an unparalleled digital marketing experience for all our clients." CREW Marketing Partners will now have over 50 employees between the Okanagan and Lower Mainland, making it one of the largest agencies in British Columbia. Since 2007, CREW has functioned as a hybrid agency that combines the disciplines of a professional marketing department with the execution of a top tier creative house. Their team of specialists focus on medium-sized businesses throughout Canada and the US who have a small or under-staffed marketing department, with a specific focus on five industry verticals - natural foods & consumer packaged goods, manufacturing, real estate, professional services and agriculture. The company's depth of expertise and impressive ROI in the natural foods & consumer packaged goods sector has gained praise from industry watchers and earned respect from clients, including Silver Hills Bakery, Hardbite Potato Chips, and the BC Chicken Marketing Board. Founded in 2003, GOODSIR has helped start-ups, entrepreneurs and enterprises succeed through creative digital thinking. The multi-disciplinary team has worked with an impressive roster of clients that stretches across Canada, the US and even Europe, with a portfolio that includes RE/MAX, End Of The Roll, Juno Awards, KF Aerospace, Wine BC, and Swisscom, a Swiss-based Telecom. "We're very excited about the opportunities for growth and development this offers," says Giuseppe Simpatico, GOODSIR co-founder and now Director of Digital Platforms. "Merging strategy and creative with web, digital and content marketing means we'll have a much wider resource base to work from. It's taking us in a new direction and it's our clients who will benefit the most." CREW MARKETING PARTNERS CREW Marketing Partners is a results-driven marketing agency partnering with entrepreneurs and organizations across Canada and the US. It's one of the fastest growing marketing firms in Canada, with impressive 35 percent growth year-over-year since its inception in 2007. The team of specialized marketing strategists, creative thinkers, designers and doers are located in multiple offices that serve a range of industries, with a specific focus on natural foods and consumer packaged goods, manufacturing, real estate, professional services and agriculture. BRADEN DOUGLAS - PRINCIPAL, FOUNDING PARTNER AT CREW Braden Douglas is a renowned marketing strategist who's built a successful career as head of CREW Marketing Partners and as a keynote speaker at international events and seminars. Through his foundational eight-step marketing strategy process, he challenges and works with organizations to successfully use marketing as a competitive advantage that provides real ROI. Braden launched his career in brand management working with major firms like Procter & Gamble and Frito Lay. He's created strategies and campaigns that have driven record revenues for young food start-ups and has pioneered successful public engagement strategies. GOODSIR Founded in 2003 in Kelowna, BC, GOODSIR has helped scrappy start-ups, hard-working entrepreneurs and enterprises solve business problems through creative digital thinking. An award-winning company that was listed as one of the Top 40 Creative Agencies in Canada by Design Excellence Magazine, GOODSIR offers unparalleled digital expertise and industry insight, including platform development and digital promotion. Their client base stretches across multiple industries that include retail and consumer brands, start-ups and technology, media and entertainment, professional sports and financial services. BRAD MARSHALL - GOODSIR CO-FOUNDER, DIRECTOR OF DIGITAL MARKETING As one of GOODSIR's co-founders, Brad Marshall has lead strategy efforts on projects since the company began in 2003. In that time, he's focused his energy and expertise on helping businesses dream up, design and develop killer creative digital projects. His writing has been published in numerous blogs, newspapers and magazines. He received his training at the Centre for Arts & Technology and the University of Colorado. GIUSEPPE SIMPATICO - GOODSIR CO-FOUNDER, DIRECTOR OF DIGITAL PLATFORMS GOODSIR co-founder, Giuseppe Simpatico, has been deploying creative interactive campaigns for companies across North America for more than a decade. A true veteran of the digital media industry, he's worked in all aspects of the profession, from programming and design to project and account management. He graduated from the University of British Columbia with a degree in Fine Arts and went on to study digital media. To view the photos associated with this release, please visit the following links: Braden Douglas - http://file.marketwire.com/release/braden.jpg Brad Marshall - http://file.marketwire.com/release/brad.jpg Giuseppe Simpatico - http://file.marketwire.com/release/sep.jpg Sujina Unger Marketing & Business Development Coordinator CREW Marketing Partners sunger@crewmp.com 604.743.1014 � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Rs 500 Rs 2000 #Narendra Modi #Donald Trump #Bigg Boss 10 #Cyrus Mistry #IND vs ENG PROPERTY Property in MumbaiProperty in Pune DOWNLOAD APP Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES 'I have nothing to feed my eight-month-old son except plain boiled rice' Caught watching porn! Minister was looking at Melania Trump's pictures! ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Mumbai rains BMC Cauvery Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Vizag Test: Will trio Ashwin, Jadeja and Mishra spin it to win it vs England? Watch video: Messi's majestic free kick helps Argentina thump Colombia ToPICs Rio 2016 Dipa Karmakar EPL BCCI India vs West Indies Virat Kohli Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai food: Gorge on delicious sweet treats at the Dessert Garden Festival Mumbai food: Eat like a Nizam; enjoy a six-course Hyderabadi wedding feast ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES Amitabh Bhattacharya: Aamir Khan looks for logic behind every line 'Ramayan' actor Mukesh Rawal found dead near railway tracks in Mumbai ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar A Flying Jatt Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan News National News IIM-C post-graduate student gets Rs 4.5 lakh stipend offer By IANS | Posted 15-Nov-2016 Kolkata: A whopping Rs 4.5 lakh monthly stipend has been offered to a first-year student of post-graduate diploma in management at the IIM-Calcutta in the latest summer internship placement, the institute said in a statement on Monday. Consulting firms came up with the highest percentage of offers while BFSI (Banking, Financial services and Insurance) sector proposed the highest stipend for the students at the Indian Institute of Management-Calcutta. Out of over 460 summer internship offers made on the campus, the consulting sector had the highest share of 24 per cent, followed by BFSI at 23 per cent. BFSI also offered the highest stipend for the season at Rs 4.5 lakh per month. Major recruiters in consulting were Mckinsey and Co, Bain & Co., the Boston Consulting Group, A.T. Kearney and Accenture Strategy, the latter being the largest recruiter in the consulting domain. The BFSI sector witnessed a surge in the number of banking sector firms and private recruiters participating in the placement process, with Goldman Sachs emerging the top recruiter in the category. FMCG and consumer product firms of the likes of HUL, P&G, ITC and L'Oreal hired in large numbers. Food and Beverages companies like PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, Mondelez and Nestle hired 19 per cent of the batch in sales and marketing roles as the summer placements for the class of 2018 successfully concluded last week. "A total of 14 per cent of the batch was hired for leadership roles in conglomerates like Tata Administrative Services, Aditya Birla Group, Mahindra & Mahindra and others. Aditya Birla Group stayed on top as the largest and most consistent recruiter in this domain with the highest number of offers," the IIM said in a statement. Tags: Whopping Rs 4.5 lakh stipend offered first-year student post-graduate diploma management IIM-Calcutta internship placement Related Stories Twitter user accuses Ram Gopal Varma of copying poster from playstation ad Bollywood News | 08-Nov-2016 Souza sells for nearly Rs 13-cr at Sotheby's London sale International News | 20-Oct-2016 China ups India, to give Dhaka whopping USD 24 billion International News | 15-Oct-2016 'Kabali' mints USD 3.5 million in North America Regional News | 25-Jul-2016 'Sarrainodu' clocks 50 days, mints Rs 125 crore Regional News | 10-Jun-2016 Jennifer Lopez buys USD 28 million home Hollywood News | 30-May-2016 PHOTO VIDEO Photos: John Abraham watches 'Force 2' with parents in Mumbai Photos: Madhuri Dixit with hubby, Rekha at star-studded B-Town wedding Jailed! Vidya Balan goes behind bars for 'Kahaani 2' Birthday special: Famous siblings in Bollywood In pictures: Successful actor-director duos in Bollywood What brought Rekha, Madhuri Dixit and Anil Kapoor together? This is something Ajay dislikes doing the most! Tusshar Kapoor knows how to make people smile! Gulshan Grover has a witty take over Indian wives and their woes! You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding This is how Bengaluru hotel tried to adjust its black money National News|18-Nov-2016 Twinkle Khanna and Hrithik Roshan just had the funniest Twitter chat! Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, other B-Town celebs at Arpita's anniversary bash Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Man rapes wife's ex-boyfriend who harassed her with lewd messages Crime News|18-Nov-2016 'Force 2' - Movie Review Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Cops trap master conman after asking him for Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes National News|18-Nov-2016 From Mount Everest to Ground Zero: Pune cop couple's fall from grace National News|18-Nov-2016 Alert FDA if a pharmacy refuses your old notes National News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, Parineeti Chopra at Sania Mirza's sister's sangeet Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Getting a WhatsApp video call invite with a link? It's a scam! Technology News|17-Nov-2016 Juhu beach glows after dark again, takes on fluorescent blue hue National News|17-Nov-2016 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Mumbai: Woman beaten up in crowded local train National News|20-Nov-2016 What has Vidya Balan got to say about about her childhood days with Shilpa Shetty? Bollywood News|20-Nov-2016 No one wants Indian 'kachra' in Karbala in Iraq National News|19-Nov-2016 Thane Crime: Husband absconds after choking bar girl to death Crime News|20-Nov-2016 Man rapes wife's ex-boyfriend who harassed her with lewd messages Crime News|18-Nov-2016 This is how Bengaluru hotel tried to adjust its black money National News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, Parineeti Chopra at Sania Mirza's sister's sangeet Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Twinkle Khanna and Hrithik Roshan just had the funniest Twitter chat! Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2014 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserverd. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 56° Share ‘Tangled web’: Trump’s businesses could create conflicts By Bernard Condon / Associated Press Published: Wednesday, November 16th, 2016 at 1:24pm Updated: Wednesday, November 16th, 2016 at 1:25pm President-elect Donald Trump, right, kisses his son Eric farewell after dining at the 21 Club, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — Asked on TV earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son, Donald Jr., said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father’s company, insisted the two wouldn’t discuss the business if Dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: “Trust me.” The American people may have little choice. The tradition stretching back to Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a “blind trust” run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice. Advertisement Continue reading Trump’s plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children and not a trustee cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump’s holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets — or those of business partners — and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries — in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump’s holdings “unprecedented” in size and complexity for a president, a “tangled web” of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn’t even have to try. Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. Advertisement Continue reading One area where the public interest could clash with the personal involves Trump’s influence over federal agencies whose decisions affect his businesses. In turning the government-owned Old Post Office into his new Washington hotel, Trump struck a complex rental and management deal with the General Services Administration. As president, he will appoint the head of the GSA. And one of Trump’s lenders, Deutsche Bank, is in settlement talks with the Justice Department over its role in the mortgage blowup that sparked the 2008 financial crisis. Trump will appoint the head of that agency, too. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS’ “60 Minutes” on Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to “save our country.” “I don’t care about hotel occupancy,” he added. He called matters like that “peanuts.” The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is “vetting various structures” with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump’s children, along with a “team of highly skilled executives.” Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can’t control their portfolio and may not even know what’s in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner’s knowledge. Advertisement Continue reading “It’s one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily,” Gross said. “It’s another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract.” In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump’s children in his business. He called the situation “very unusual.” “There’s no perfect way to do this,” Giuliani said. “You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president.” ___ Bernard Condon can be reached at http://twitter.com/BernardFCondon. Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: After Trump endorsement, NASCAR leader faces the fallout – Mar 9, 2016 Republicans warn Trump's critique of Clinton's 'look' fuels accusations of sexism – Sep 9, 2016 A Trump presidency would be an ethical thicket – Sep 21, 2016 Donald Trump's conflicts of interest are without precedent in American presidential history – Nov 9, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Morning Insider Editor's Note Polls Greg David Blogs Greg David on New York In the Markets The Insider Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts Galleries Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content Accenture Digital Transportation Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards Hutchinson Metro Center Advertorials White Papers Wealth Management TV New York Stories 5boros Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Media & Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation Politics NEWS › Politics November 16, 2016 1:00 p.m. Updated 11/16/2016 Unprecedented conflicts of interest face President-elect Trump Trump's plans to hand control of the Trump Organization, which owns or operates golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries, to three of his adult children—not a trustee By Associated Press Comments Email Print × Photo: Associated Press Trump on the green of Trump National Golf Club in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif, one of many golf courses the President-elect owns throughout the world. Asked on TV earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son, Donald Jr., said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father's company, insisted the two wouldn't discuss the business if Dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: "Trust me." The American people may have little choice. The tradition stretching back to Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a "blind trust" run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice, too. Trump's plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children, and not a trustee, cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump's holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets—or those of business partners—and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries—in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump's holdings "unprecedented" in size and complexity for a president, a "tangled web" of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn't even have to try. Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS' 60 Minutes on Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to "save our country." "I don't care about hotel occupancy," he added. He called matters like that "peanuts." The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is "vetting various structures" with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump's children, along with a "team of highly skilled executives." Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can't control their portfolio and may not even know what's in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner's knowledge. "It's one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily," Gross said. "It's another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract." In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN's State of the Union on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump's children in his business. He called the situation "very unusual." "There's no perfect way to do this," Giuliani said. "You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president." The Trump OrganizationDonald TrumpPoliticsReal EstateGreenLawRepublican Get Crain's Morning Insider Sign up for the Morning Insider email and receive political news and musings every morning at 6 a.m. More Newsletters › Comments Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists Privately Held Companies Technology Employers Commercial Property Managers Foundations Law Firms Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Get Crain's Morning Insider Sign up for the Morning Insider email and receive political news and musings every morning at 6 a.m. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Ryan—and Trump's?—tax plan could ... How to date a New Yorker Staten Island Shake Shack | Trump settles... How the new president can fulfill his pledge ... Exclusive real estate around Trump Tower... Most Popular Upper West Side apartment complex to drop... De Blasio meets with Trump, tells him New... How Donald Trump's presidency could affect... Trump transition stalls as Kushner said to... Port Authority West Side bus terminal plans... Related News De Blasio voices concerns about immigrants and police tactics during meeting with Trump De Blasio meets with Trump, tells him New Yorkers are afraid Trump eyes Moskowitz for education secretary Ted Cruz said to be considered by Trump for Attorney General Ditching media, Trump sneaks out to dinner Amid 2020 chatter, Cuomo stays firm on seeking third term Steven A. Cohen's general counsel drops out of Trump transition team Trump exploring 'infrastructure bank' to fix bridges and roads—a Clinton policy he once derided NYC could destroy immigrant ID card data if Trump goes after it News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics All Industries Health Pulse Resources Archives White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Polls Podcasts Videos Photos Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Digital NY Real Estate Daily Video Small Business Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Blogs In the Markets The RED Wrap Greg David on NY The Insider Events Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions iPad app Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame Most-Connected New Yorkers Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2016 Crain Communications Inc.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / More than 75 Percent of Marketers Say They Will Leverage Multi-Touch Attribution (MTA) Solutions by 2019, According to Mobile Marketing Association More than 75 Percent of Marketers Say They Will Leverage Multi-Touch Attribution (MTA) Solutions by 2019, According to Mobile Marketing Association Posted on November 16, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer MMA’s MTA Request for Information (RFI) Guidance Package and Interactive Scoring Tool Released to Members New York (PRWEB) November 16, 2016 A new survey released today from the Mobile Marketing Association shows that 75 percent of marketers say they will adopt a multi-touch attribution (MTA) solution by 2019, however the available solutions are not in-line with their performance needs. The survey, which serves as a baseline of marketers’ intentions, familiarity and experiences with MTA solutions, showed that marketers believe that MTA is potentially a powerful attribution and planning tool. Marketers believe that, although MTA is now more focused on conversions and sales, in the future it will also help them with upper funnel metrics, with almost 80 percent of marketers reporting that MTA will be the solution providing clarity for both budgeting and agile marketing efforts. However, despite the promise today’s solutions might offer, marketers are still not confident in today’s vendor offerings. Marketers’ responses indicate there are several areas the vendor community should attempt to address: Complex offerings need more transparency: Only one out of four marketers who currently use MTA solutions say they are familiar enough with MTA approaches and methodologies. Costs and ROI must be in balance: Marketers need to be convinced that net impact will be positive. While more than half of marketers using MTA solutions believe it drives incremental results, only 40 percent of marketers report that they are convinced that the cost of MTA covers the benefits. For the marketers who have yet to test MTA solutions, the complexity of the offerings combined with their lack of resources of are the main adoption challenges. “Brands admit that they need to deepen their teams’ knowledge on attribution solutions, but the black-box approach is leading to hesitation and a lack of trust,” explains Greg Stuart, CEO of the MMA. “The promise of what MTA could deliver to marketers is the reason why we are empowering brands with the tools they need to find the right partner for the right program that meets their brands’ needs. We want to help MTA solution providers build this really important market.” MMA’s MTA Interactive RFI Tool Released The MMA also released their Request for Information (RFI) interactive tool to MMA members, providing marketers a scoring system brands can use to understand and rank vendor offerings based on their own business objectives. This comprehensive, deep-dive analysis into the providers, dynamics and implications for marketers around MTA is being led by the MMA Global Board of Directors, working with Joel Rubinson, President of Rubinson Partners, Inc. and former Chief Research Officer of the Advertising Research Federation. Due to the technical complexity of MTA, the MMA also aligned with the Marketing Science Institute as an academic partner to support future technical development. The Institute is a nonprofit organization committed to bridging the gap between academic marketing theory and business practice. "The MMA’s MTA decision guide will help marketers distill the complexity of the RFI process in finding the right vendor for their business needs as well as providing a framework for faster and more confident decision making,” said Lou Paskalis, Senior Vice President, Enterprise Media Planning, Investment and Measurement Executive, Bank of America. " With this comprehensive tool, a selection process that took my team nearly half a year, would likely have taken us one month.” In addition to the RFI tool, the MMA has scheduled webinars covering the pros and cons of different MTA modeling approaches, the importance of unified IDs, and differences between MTA and marketing mix modeling. The MMA will also create working groups to support ongoing developments under the overall governance of the brand-led MATT steering committee. The MMA Marketing Attribution Think Tank (MATT) was founded earlier this fall to help rethink the world of marketing measurement and attribution, giving marketers better tools and confidence in connecting marketing to business outcomes. The first MATT initiative of is focused on Multi-Touch Attribution (MTA), as many marketers believe it to be the Holy Grail for fixing marketing measurement. For more information on MMA’s MATT effort visit http://www.mmaglobal.com/matt. About the MMA The MMA is the world’s leading global non-profit trade mobile marketing association comprised of more than 800 member companies, from nearly fifty countries around the world. Our members hail from every faction of the mobile marketing ecosystem, including brand marketers, agencies, mobile technology platforms, media companies, operators and others. The MMA’s mission is to accelerate the transformation and innovation of marketing through mobile, driving business growth with closer and stronger consumer engagement. Anchoring the MMA’s mission are four core pillars; to cultivate inspiration by driving innovation for the Chief Marketing Officer; to build the mobile marketing capabilities for marketing organizations through fostering know-how and confidence; to champion the effectiveness and impact of mobile through research providing tangible ROI measurement; and to advocate for mobile marketers. Additionally, MMA industry-wide committees work collaboratively to develop and advocate global best practices and lead standards development. Members include: 1-800-Flowers.com, Allstate, American Express, Bank Of America, Campbell’s, Chase, Chobani, Choice Hotels, Citi, Colgate-Palmolive, DataXu, Dunkin’ Brands, E*TRADE, Electronic Arts, ESPN, Facebook, Ford, Foursquare, Google, Havas, Hilton, iHeartMedia, InMobi, Johnson & Johnson, Krux, Marriott, MasterCard, McDonald’s, Mondelez, Nestle, OpenMarket, Pandora, Pfizer, Pinterest, PlaceIQ, Procter & Gamble, R/GA, RadiumOne, Razorfish, Samsung, SAP, Sears, Spotify, Starcom, The Coca-Cola Company, The Rubicon Project, The Weather Company, T-Mobile, TUNE, Ubimo, Unilever, Verve, VEVO, Vibes, Visa, Walmart, Wendy’s, xAd , Zurich and many more. The MMA’s global headquarters are located in New York with regional operations Asia Pacific (APAC), Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA) and Latin America (LATAM). For more information about the MMA please visit http://www.mmaglobal.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13855943.htm Latest News InventHelp Invention Eliminates Blind Spots for Drivers (TOR-9584) InventHelp Inventor Creates An Improved Baiting Device (SUU-339) InventHelp Inventor Creates Improved Smartphone/Tablet Case (SUU-337) InventHelp Inventor Develops Trash-Can Accessory (STU-2119) InventHelp Inventors Develop Accessories for Customizing Musical Instruments (STU-2113) InventHelp Inventor Develops Carpet-Cleaning Tool for Pet Owners and Carpet Cleaning Companies/Manufacturers (STU-2076) Solar Panel Lifter Invented by InventHelp Client (SDB-951) InventHelp Client’s Accessory Prevents Shoulder and Neck Strain While Sitting in Low-Backrest Chairs (SDB-626) InventHelp Inventor Creates Graffiti Prevention Device (SFO-277) InventHelp Inventor Develops Football-Themed Support Pillow (SFO-276) © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
