What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up IAB welcomes tough action on digital ads News, 06 April 2017 Topics Regulation & control NEW YORK: Marketers will all be aware that several major brands, such as Procter & Gamble and JPMorgan Chase, are no longer tolerating the inadequacies of digital advertising – and this is a development strongly endorsed by the IAB's CEO. Randall Rothenberg, President and CEO of the Interactive Advertising Bureau, said in a blog post that the industry has done a lot of work to improve matters since Marc Pritchard, P&G's Chief Brand Officer, demanded earlier this year that the advertising industry take action to deal with bad practice. But Rothenberg said "there is much, much more left to be done" because "it's not just digital ad tech companies that are culpable – agencies, publishers, and the brands themselves bear responsibility". Posting his comments on the same day that Pritchard reiterated his call for agencies to increase transparency and improve brand safety, Rothenberg praised the FMCG giant, one of the biggest advertisers in the world, for its tough approach. "By putting its money on the line for standards compliance, Procter & Gamble launched a shot across the bow of [the] entire marketing-media ecosystem," he wrote. Rothenberg also lauded JPMorgan Chase for its almost ruthless filleting of websites that once served its ads, cutting the total from around 400,000 to just 5,000 pre-approved sites. He said JPMorgan Chase was following the programme he outlined at the IAB Annual Leadership Meeting in Florida two months ago, when he told ad industry executives that it was up to them as individuals and their companies to "repair the trust". "I have no doubt that P&G and JPMorgan Chase will be followed by a wave of big brands taking similar actions to secure the digital industry supply chain on behalf of brand and consumer safety," he predicted. Throughout his blog, Rothenberg highlighted how pressing the issue of brand safety is, and he even made a startling comparison between the state of the current supply chain in advertising with the efforts the food industry makes to ensure its supply chain is safe. Around 121bn cans of food and beverage are shipped around the US each year, he said, yet only one can is contaminated with botulism – or .00000000001% of all that are shipped. By comparison, "between 3% and 37% of impressions are fraudulently generated by bots" and taken together with ads served on porn sites, falsified content or other inappropriate sites, then "the incidence of bad advertising is at least a few hundred billion times greater than the incidence of bad canned food". Data sourced from IAB; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News WhatsApp eyes digital payments in India News How Levi's mixes data with stories News WARC launches 2017 Prize for Asian Strategy News IAB welcomes tough action on digital ads News P&G's Pritchard to 'raise the bar' on creative News Argos launches 'world first' campaign News Spotify lets Universal limit free music News JetBlue connects insights and creative View more News and Opinion More from WARC P&G's Pritchard takes on fakes, fraudsters and fearmongers Digital Transparency: 10 questions marketers need to ask their media agency Can quality content rescue the chaos of digital marketing? IAB chief chastises, challenges digital leadership Future-proofing for the digital age: 10 lessons from P&G's former President of e-business Get a demo Topics Regulation & control 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Thailand Press Release News search General Business Entertainment IT Stcoks Lifestyle Telecom Energy Properties Automotive Heathcare Events ฝากข่าวประชาสัมพันธ์ PG Childrens Safe Drinking Water Program Celebrates World Water Day in Myanmar By contributing 750,000 days of clean drinking water to transform lives in needs. General Press Releases Wednesday April 5, 2017 12:40 Bangkok--5 Apr--Four Hundred Procter & Gamble (P&G) and its international partners will celebrate the 25thanniversary of World Water Day in an effort to do their part to help end the global water crisis. Through the P&G Children's Safe Drinking Water (CSDW) Program, more than 15 countries will deploy campaigns designed to raise awareness to further CSDW's ability to bring clean drinking water to those who do not have access. Procter & Gamble (P&G) has been standing in Myanmar as respected corporation which is helping to improve Myanmar people lives with its trusted and quality brands. Moreover, P&G and its esteemed partners celebrate their 4th year of 10 Merits of donating water (or 'Yay A Jo Sal Parr') campaign together with World Water Day, to transform lives through power of clean water. According to official figures from the Myanmar Ministry of Health and the World Health Organization (WHO), around 20% of Myanmar children dying under the age of five die from diarrhea – twice as much as global average and around the same as in Sub-Saharan Africa where water is often scarce[2]. With a support by Myanmar people, P&G will donate one day of clean drinking water for every P&G product purchased during May-June at our key retailers including City Mart and Ocean. The goal of the campaign is to raise funds to contribute 750,000 days of clean drinking water through World Vision Myanmar. Last year, the program has delivered 200 million liters of clean water during the flood relief effort in Myanmar. U.S. Ambassador, Mr. Scot Marciel said, "We congratulate Procter & Gamble for their continued efforts in improving health & hygiene for the fourth consecutive year in Myanmar through their '10 Merits of Donating Water' program. This will help transform the lives of many communities in Myanmar by making clean drinking water accessible". Director U Aung Ko Latt, Academy awarded and famous film maker said he has been supporting P&G clean water donation program of "10 Merits of Donating Clean Water" for four years and very proud to participate in this campaign to support the lives of Myanmar People. Mr. Raffy Fajardo, Managing Director, Procter and Gamble Thailand, Myanmar and Laos said, "P&G is proud and honored to celebrate this fourth year of "10 Merits of Water Donation" Campaign and World Water Day. P&G has been continuously and successfully implementing this campaign. We believe that this will help Myanmar People to get access to clean drinking water and promote health, hygiene and improve the quality of life. We would like to express our gratitude, for the successful collaboration, to many partners including the Myanmar government, Yangon City Development Committee (YCDC), Public Health, the U.S. government, media, local business partners and non-profit-organization – World Vision Myanmar and our precious volunteer - for their continuous support to provide P&G purification packets for emergency relief in major natural disasters in Myanmar". "World Vision has been working in partnership with P&G providing clean and purified water in emergencies since 2008. Together we continue to ensure the Health and Well Being of Children and Families in Myanmar during the time of greatest need. We look forward to building on this collaboration for greater impact." Said Moe Thu, Associate Director - Humanitarian & Emergency Affairs, World Vision International - Myanmar. In 2004, P&G created the CSDW Program to provide clean drinking water to those who lacked it. P&G scientists used cleaning technology research to invent the P&G Purifier of Water packets in partnership with the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The Company, which has a strong history of innovation with brands such as Pantene, Head & Shoulders, Arial, Gillette etc, used its innovative capability to pack the power of a water treatment plant into a small four gram sachet. The technology is simple to use, with only a bucket, a spoon, a cloth and a small P&G packet, people can purify 10 liters of dirty, potentially deadly water in only 30 minutes providing enough drinking water for a family of five for one day. Latest Press Release MAYA Spa Perfect Summer Cool off for this sunny season, feel absolutely wonderful and get the perfect summer glow. 50% Off Body Wrap: Rejuvenate the skin and decrease skin temperature, choices of - Kirimaya Gel Wrap - Guava Gel Wrap - Pure Honey & Herbal Wrap Body Mask:... KTC, in collaboration with PAUL, launches a promotion Special Set at PAUL with 6 recommended menus. "KTC" or Krungthai Card Public Company Limited by Mrs. Pranaya Nithananon, Vice President — Credit Card Business: Restaurants & Recreation, in collaboration with "PAUL" French Bakery Restaurant, high quality French style bakery and restaurant... SANTIBURI WELLNESS CAMPUS OFFERS GUESTS THE CHANCE TO RELAX, INDULGE AND LEARN ABOUT MASSAGE AND WELLNESS TECHNIQUES Santiburi Beach Resort & Spa, on the stunning northshore of Koh Samui, is expanding the offerings at its luxurious Santiburi Spa to combine indulgent massage and body treatments with alternative wellness therapies and learning experiences based on... UNTITLED by UGO LI Oil Painting on Display at SO Galerie, SO Sofitel Hua Hin SO Sofitel Hua Hin has launched the art exhibition 'UNTITLED' by Mr. Ugo Li at SO Galerie featuring the artist himself, medias and honorable guests from Tourism Authority of Thailand, Phetchaburi Office: Regional Director, Khun Akkrawit Thapasit and... Guests can now stay connected at Movenpick Hotel Sukhumvit 15 Bangkok with the launching of the hotels new feature the handy smartphone. When booking an Executive Room or Suite, guests staying at the Mövenpick Hotel Sukhumvit 15 Bangkok can now enjoy complimentary unlimited international and local calls, as well as unlimited 4G mobile internet, through the launch of the "handy"... Related Topics World Water Day international Anniversary, CELEBRATE IN MYANMAR Waterpro partners National Children Myanmar Thursday April 6, 2017 14:04 © 2007 - 2017 Tasang Limited, All Rights Reserved 0.0147s/1,049k [TH]
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation 12:23 April 5, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – Procter and Gamble Following a major overhaul of its local operations and investment in a new NZ distribution partner, Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble (P&G) says research shows the NZ market has strong growth potential.New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Following a major overhaul of its local operations and investment in a new NZ distribution partner, Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble (P&G) says research shows the NZ market has strong growth potential. Managing director of P&G New Zealand and Australia, Antoine Brun says the industry is looking for category growth – providing a unique opportunity for retailers and suppliers. “We observe that overall – consumption in the categories where we operate in NZ is essentially flat and even declining in some categories – so we feel we have a role to play in partnering with retailers to achieve total category growth. “Innovation is first and foremost what can accelerate market growth” adds Brun. “Innovation starts with superior products that improve consumers’ lives, but it goes beyond, for example with the way we present the products in store.” Brun says that in some categories: “We haven’t done the job to make the shopping experience efficient nor experiential”, leading to a commoditisation of the categories. “We need to shift our mindset from treating the shopper as a ‘family manager’ only, who is simply buying commodities and driven heavily by price and promotion – to treating the shopper as a woman or a man, understanding their distinct needs and offering them the most compelling in-store experience every day. “We are focused on working with our NZ retailer partners to innovate the in-store design and enhance the total shopping experience, using our learnings in category management from other markets including expertise in shopper psychology.” P&G, which has been supporting the NZ market for over 30 years with its stable of beauty, personal care and household brands, is also introducing a range of new product innovations and increasing media spend as it plans for further growth in the market. “We have invested significantly in appointing a distributor partner – Diplomat NZ – to give our NZ business independent focus – with its own integrated local operations in market. “Our media investment in NZ has almost doubled in the past two years and by having more local talent working on the P&G business, we’re more in-touch with NZ retailers and consumers. Brun says P&G’s NZ business is growing, with retail sales up for the first time in 5 years, and share growing this year in its product categories. “We aspire to be the innovation leaders of our industry and we are accelerating our investment in new product categories to help bring the world’s best product innovation and value to NZ consumers.” The company has recently launched a new range of toothpaste, Oral-B Pro-Health Advanced, which is backed by clinical trials showing unprecedented care for areas like cavities, gum health and whitening. Other P&G brands in NZ include Gillette, Vicks, Metamucil, Pantene, Herbal Essences, Olay, Head & Shoulders, Venus, Clearblue, Braun and Ambi Pur. -Ends- Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Christchurch motorists to avoid Bealey Ave and Sherborne St Lights out in Linwood – Motorists to avoid area Region’s focus turns to recovery and evaluation Several roads in Waikato district remain closed New Plymouth Airport asset transfer in the pipeline High tide passes as work continues on flood management Good progress has been made to protect braided rivers Fiji and NZ to partner on maritime surveillance Travel advisory on Gallipoli Anzac Day commemorations Resurfacing work on SH30 Te Ngae/Tarawera Rd roundabout Roading Update #10 4pm Stop Calling Us ‘Speculators’ Top tech firms crowned Scott Technologies in a ‘sweet spot’ says CEO Hopkins Avis installs defibrillators at 20 locations throughout NZ Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
null
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up P&G's Pritchard to 'raise the bar' on creative News, 06 April 2017 GLOBAL: Procter & Gamble's position as the leading advertiser in the WARC 100 is a result of a conscious attempt to improve the quality of its creative output, according to Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard. "We believe that advertising is a powerful force for growth and good, and we want to be the very best at it," he said. "We've had a focused effort to raise the bar on our creative quality and work with the best agency partners to deliver growth for our brands," Pritchard told WARC. "It's great to see the positive results of our efforts in rankings such as the WARC 100." This is the annual ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies according to their business impact. A campaign in India for P&G's Ariel detergent brand was the top campaign, while Procter & Gamble was the top advertiser. Pritchard took over as the chairman of the Association of National Advertisers in the US last year, with an agenda geared towards improving advertising quality, increasing accountability and being "a force for economic and societal good". Since then, he has been vocal across all these areas, notably when he called time on the numerous viewablity metrics being offered by different digital platforms. "We'd rather spend time working on better advertising than debating the viewability standard with another publisher or agency," he said at the IAB Annual Leadership Meeting in January this year, as he announced that P&G expected that all its agencies, media suppliers, and platforms to adopt MRC validation as standard during 2017. A few weeks later he was urging CMOs to "be willing to break some furniture" as they pursued greater media transparency across the digital ecosystem and offering them a script to take on the charlatans – or "head fakes" as he described them – on the supplier-side. "The biggest head fake is the one we put on ourselves," Pritchard said. "We're all spending significant amounts of money on digital media. The response is entirely up to each one of you in your companies. At P&G, we are choosing to vote with our dollars." Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News WhatsApp eyes digital payments in India News How Levi's mixes data with stories News WARC launches 2017 Prize for Asian Strategy News IAB welcomes tough action on digital ads News P&G's Pritchard to 'raise the bar' on creative News Argos launches 'world first' campaign News Spotify lets Universal limit free music News JetBlue connects insights and creative View more News and Opinion More from WARC WARC 100: The world's best marketing campaigns and companies 2017 - Summary of results P&G's Pritchard takes on fakes, fraudsters and fearmongers Ariel Matic: Share The Load What we know about creativity and effectiveness Get a demo 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo Exxonmobil partners WECONNECT International to support women entrepreneurs Posted April 5, 2017 10:51 pm by admin Comments By Fred Okopie AN NGO focused on Women Economic Empowerment and sponsored by ExxonMobil, WEConnect International,  along with other global partners of WEConnect such as Procter & Gamble, IBM, Accenture and Ernst & Young, have inaugurated a conference, with the theme: “Bold Steps for Big Change”. Attended by businesswomen from various sectors of the economy and featuring speakers on various aspects of business operations, It had as keynote Speaker  leading Nigerian businesswoman, Mrs. Folorunsho Alakija. The event offered ample opportunity for some of the organisations to offer some insights into their women economic empowerment initiatives and ExxonMobil’s was certainly noteworthy. In a presentation titled: “Nigeria, The Journey So Far- Marketplace &Opportunities, ExxonMobil Nigeria’s Operations Procurement Manager, Judith Mbonu, said the company had invested over $ 100 million in support of Women Empowerment Initiatives in over 90 countries around the world, including Nigeria. Socio-economic conditions The investments, under the corporation’s Women’s Economic Opportunity Initiative (WEOI), were, according to her, “aimed at helping women achieve their economic potentials towards improving the socio-economic conditions of their respective communities” and had benefitted tens of thousands of women in those countries. She also said ExxonMobil upstream companies in Nigeria did business with women-owned companies to the tune of over $ 24 million in 2016 in furtherance of this economic empowerment objective, adding that ExxonMobil’s support for Women Economic Empowerment stems from their strong belief that “when women move forward, the world moves with them”. “We also know that when women control their income, they usually invest in the health, education and well-being of their families and communities, thereby benefiting the entire society”, she said. She said ExxonMobil supports WEConnect both globally and locally, adding that the Corporation had also implemented a number of other initiatives aimed at the sustainable economic empowerment of women in Nigeria. Mrs. Mbonu, who is also the Chairperson of the WEConnect Advisory Council in Nigeria, urged women to utilize networking towards making their businesses more competitive and successful. “You need to network locally, regionally and internationally,” she said. She also gave some tips to women-owned businesses on improving their success rate with multinational companies and large corporate organizations among which were Safety, Building Specialized Skills, Good business ethics, Willingness to adapt to change and disciplined execution of contractual obligations. ExxonMobil’s Global Sustainable Procurement Manager, Nancy Swartout, who was the International Guest Speaker at the WIN Event, spoke on the topic, “Global Support for WEConnect International”, and offered more insight into the Corporation’s global strategy for Women Empowerment. She said ensuring Diversity was a key aspect of ExxonMobil’s operations, adding that the corporation spent $ 33 million on its Global Supplier Diversity programme outside the United States in 2016, exceeding its target of $ 25 million. She said that the $ 24 million business volume achieved with women-owned organizations by ExxonMobil affiliates in Nigeria, represented 74% of this total spend, and thanking Nigerian women entrepreneurs for their support to the company. MsSwartout further said ExxonMobil champions Women Economic Empowerment within the organization through Advocates actively supporting women-owned businesses, noting that the number of such Advocates in the ExxonMobil system had risen from 100 in 2015 to about 200 in 2016. She also said ExxonMobil supports Non-Government Organizations (NGOs) such as WEConnect International by not only having ExxonMobil staff serve on their Advisory Boards in different countries, but also encourages their staff to volunteer and share their expertise with women-owned businesses and helping them to improve on their operations. Reaching their potential The Keynote Speaker at the event and Executive Vice Chairman of Famfa Oil Limited, Mrs. FolorunshoAlakija, who spoke on the theme of the Conference “Bold Steps for Big Change”, lamented that “half of the world’s greatest resource are being blocked from reaching their potential due to the fact that they belong to the female gender” She urged women to step up and take bold, ground-breaking actions towards improving the success rate and impact of their companies and using her personal business experience, urged women entrepreneurs to persevere till they succeed in business.   The post Exxonmobil partners WECONNECT International to support women entrepreneurs appeared first on Vanguard News. What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: Cherie Blair Foundation, ExxonMobil to empower Nigerian women business owners The Cherie Blair Foundation for Women Tuesday celebrated an innovative initiative to empower Nigerian women entrepreneurs to grow their businesses.... BoI offers women entrepreneurs N13bn loans Anna Okon The Bank of Industry has said its loan exposure to enterprises owned and promoted by women has hit... Lagos signs MoU with AWIEF to empower women entrepreneurs Lagos State Government on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with African Women Innovation and Entrepreneurship Forum (AWIEF) expected... 2015 International Women’s Day Focuses On Women Empowerment, Service To Humanity More emphasis have been laid on the need for Women Empowerment and Service to Humanity, as the world marks the... Recession: Sen Oko assures women economic support By Gabriel Ewepu AS recession continues to bite hard on the economy, Senator representing Cross River North in Cross River... NEPC Unveils Framework To Aid Women In Export The Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC) is working out modalities to include women in export activities that will bridge the... Mall For Africa Partners With 500 Start-ups to bring Innovative Entrepreneurs to Nigeria! Victor udoh Mall for Africa, Africa’s leading international e commerce payments platform; in line with its drive to support Tech... IWDC: Nigeria needs more women entrepreneurs Recognising the role of women in economic growth in Nigeria through entrepreneurship training, partners to the forthcoming 2016 International Women’s... ExxonMobil Nigeria bags 2017 NOG Excellence Award ExxonMobil Nigeria Unlimited has won the excellence award at the ongoing 2017 Nigeria Oil and Gas (NOG) Conference in Abuja.... Abuja hosts 1st Women International Networking Conference Abuja – No fewer than 500 women from various parts of the world will converge on Abuja on Tuesday for... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryBlogEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9jaTV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting 1960bet.com Bet9ja.com Merrybet.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG - 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria. Telephone:+2348085257512
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Thursday 06 April Thursday 06 April Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports #Vanguardtraffic Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » Woman » Exxonmobil partners WECONNECT International to support women entrepreneurs Exxonmobil partners WECONNECT International to support women entrepreneurs On April 6, 201712:04 amIn Woman by Urowayino WaramiComments By Fred Okopie AN NGO focused on Women Economic Empowerment and sponsored by ExxonMobil, WEConnect International,  along with other global partners of WEConnect such as Procter & Gamble, IBM, Accenture and Ernst & Young, have inaugurated a conference, with the theme: “Bold Steps for Big Change”. Attended by businesswomen from various sectors of the economy and featuring speakers on various aspects of business operations, It had as keynote Speaker  leading Nigerian businesswoman, Mrs. Folorunsho Alakija. The event offered ample opportunity for some of the organisations to offer some insights into their women economic empowerment initiatives and ExxonMobil’s was certainly noteworthy. In a presentation titled: “Nigeria, The Journey So Far- Marketplace &Opportunities, ExxonMobil Nigeria’s Operations Procurement Manager, Judith Mbonu, said the company had invested over $100 million in support of Women Empowerment Initiatives in over 90 countries around the world, including Nigeria. Socio-economic conditions The investments, under the corporation’s Women’s Economic Opportunity Initiative (WEOI), were, according to her, “aimed at helping women achieve their economic potentials towards improving the socio-economic conditions of their respective communities” and had benefitted tens of thousands of women in those countries. She also said ExxonMobil upstream companies in Nigeria did business with women-owned companies to the tune of over $24 million in 2016 in furtherance of this economic empowerment objective, adding that ExxonMobil’s support for Women Economic Empowerment stems from their strong belief that “when women move forward, the world moves with them”. “We also know that when women control their income, they usually invest in the health, education and well-being of their families and communities, thereby benefiting the entire society”, she said. She said ExxonMobil supports WEConnect both globally and locally, adding that the Corporation had also implemented a number of other initiatives aimed at the sustainable economic empowerment of women in Nigeria. Mrs. Mbonu, who is also the Chairperson of the WEConnect Advisory Council in Nigeria, urged women to utilize networking towards making their businesses more competitive and successful. “You need to network locally, regionally and internationally,” she said. She also gave some tips to women-owned businesses on improving their success rate with multinational companies and large corporate organizations among which were Safety, Building Specialized Skills, Good business ethics, Willingness to adapt to change and disciplined execution of contractual obligations. ExxonMobil’s Global Sustainable Procurement Manager, Nancy Swartout, who was the International Guest Speaker at the WIN Event, spoke on the topic, “Global Support for WEConnect International”, and offered more insight into the Corporation’s global strategy for Women Empowerment. She said ensuring Diversity was a key aspect of ExxonMobil’s operations, adding that the corporation spent $33 million on its Global Supplier Diversity programme outside the United States in 2016, exceeding its target of $25 million. She said that the $24 million business volume achieved with women-owned organizations by ExxonMobil affiliates in Nigeria, represented 74% of this total spend, and thanking Nigerian women entrepreneurs for their support to the company. MsSwartout further said ExxonMobil champions Women Economic Empowerment within the organization through Advocates actively supporting women-owned businesses, noting that the number of such Advocates in the ExxonMobil system had risen from 100 in 2015 to about 200 in 2016. She also said ExxonMobil supports Non-Government Organizations (NGOs) such as WEConnect International by not only having ExxonMobil staff serve on their Advisory Boards in different countries, but also encourages their staff to volunteer and share their expertise with women-owned businesses and helping them to improve on their operations. Reaching their potential The Keynote Speaker at the event and Executive Vice Chairman of Famfa Oil Limited, Mrs. FolorunshoAlakija, who spoke on the theme of the Conference “Bold Steps for Big Change”, lamented that “half of the world’s greatest resource are being blocked from reaching their potential due to the fact that they belong to the female gender” She urged women to step up and take bold, ground-breaking actions towards improving the success rate and impact of their companies and using her personal business experience, urged women entrepreneurs to persevere till they succeed in business.   Urowayino Warami View all posts by Urowayino Warami → Previous Post Starter packs for 68 Delta hairdressing/makeover, interlocking stepreneurs Next Post Breaking the silence on domestic violence Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 8:08 amStray police bullet kills 53-yr-old widow in Lagos 8:05 amAPC, Sagay on warpath over Senate summons 7:55 amTinubu disowns alleged attacks against PDP Senate caucus 7:54 amProposed mosque demolition: Ekiti Muslims suspend Jummat Service 7:50 amNUPENG to FG: Save Nigerians from poverty, hardships 7:48 amWhy Court dismissed corruption charges against Justice Ademola 7:46 amLagos supplies mid-day meals to 1,870 public schools pupils 7:40 amCrisis: PDP Senate Caucus calls for political solution 7:36 amEFCC detains ex-Gov Aliyu over N2bn ecological fund, N3.6bn power shares cash 7:10 amRear Admiral found dead in his Lagos apartment 6:56 amGroup mobilises women’s support for govt policies 6:44 amSolution to Restore your Eyesight and see clearly again without wearing eyeglasses or using eye drops 6:44 amDavido set to shut down Ado Ekiti 6:41 amBuhari lauded on Ocheni 6:30 amCAF election: Nigeria is the winner – Pinnick 6:03 amLight has triumphed over darkness —Orubebe 6:00 amMinister hails Nigerian TV, Film content producers View All Sponsored Solution to Restore your Eyesight and see clearly again without wearing eyeglasses or using eye drops This No side Effect Natural herbal Solution already helped me and over 230 Men and Women See clearly and better without... How You Too Can Last 25 Minutes Longer In Bed Tonight & Permanently End The Pain & Embarrassment Of Premature Ejaculation Warning to Men: These 3 Foods is killing your Erection. Editorial Time now to clear the pension arrears LIKE a stalking nightmare, the spectre of the country’s ill-treatment of its pensioners continues to strike the conscien... Cynthia Osokogu: Justice at last Cartoons Cartoon: Mr & Mrs Most Commented Biafran weapons of war displayed in Owerri622 Breaking: Court dismisses corruption charges against Justice Ademola289 We 're determined to make Nigeria a producing nation, Buhari says148 Naira overvalued by 20% —IMF12 Court dismisses corruption charges against Justice Ademola11 Buhari: A legacy of sorrow, carnage, tragedy and affliction by Fani-Kayode357 Outbreak of Meningitis: What I actually said, by Gov Yari62 Videos Video: Gov. Fayose turns DJ Video: Gov. Fayose turns DJ Read More Vanguard awards The hard facts to rescue the Nigerian Economy by Soludo Let me thank the leadership of Vanguard Newspapers for inviting me to lead the discussion on “The Hard Facts to Rescue t... Read More Vanguard Economy Discourse live E-editions Literature Prize Call for Entries 2017 Talking Point Ishaya Bamaiyi: Vindication of which general? Bamaiyi’s book provides no new or important insight. What it seems to have is an abundance of conspiracy tales that are... Read More People & Politics APC Federal Government in tatters By Ochereome Nnanna THE Federal Government under the control of the All Progressives Congress, APC, is in separate piece... Read More Tip of a New Dawn Need to raise the bar for public office seekers PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari once said he was ready to work with whoever emerged as the leaders of the National Assembly,... Read More Afe for Vanguard Electoral Reform: An appraisal of the case for e-voting It is in realization of the importance that the electioneering process plays in the fortunes of any country that much at... Read More Muhammed Adamu on Thursday By any means necessary When the moment comes either the Cortes (Spanish legislature) will submit or we shall make it disappear— Jose Maria Gil... Read More The Hub All the Insecticides and Deodorants THINGS equal to the same thing are equal to one another”. To be able to remember C.V Durrell after many years of a succe... Read More Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Can Brita Filter the Negativity Out of Twitter? Here's How It's Trying By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Lowdown: How Brands Are Pushing Equal Pay Day Beyond April 4 1 hour ago Array 0 On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire Channels Like ESPN and CNN By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, P&G, Trivago and More 3 hours ago Array 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 6 hours ago Array 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 6 hours ago 0 On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire Channels Like ESPN and CNN By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago 0 Behind SoulCycle's First Branding Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 12 hours ago 0 Should the Cannes Lion Be Shorn of Half Its Mane? By Emma Hall - Yesterday 0 Ad Industry 'Gatecrashers' Get Their Say at 4A's Conference By Megan Graham - Yesterday 0 Pepsi's Kendall Jenner-Joins-a-Protest Ad Sparks Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 22 hours ago 0 See Kendall Jenner in Her New Pepsi Ad By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Wahl Out as McDonald's U.S. CMO, Replaced by PepsiCo's Flatley By Jessica Wohl - 21 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: How Brands Are Pushing Equal Pay Day Beyond April 4 Published on April 05, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Gina Rodriguez in Luna Equal Pay campaign Credit: LUNA Bar via YouTube Equal Pay Day on April 4 turned into a lasting marketing opportunity, thanks to LeanIn.Org, founded by Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, and partners that include Procter & Gamble Co., Clif Bar & Co.'s Luna bars and Lyft. To raise awareness that women on average are paid 20% less than men, for example, P&G is offering a 20% rebate on up to $50 of its products purchased through April 30. Luna is offering 20% off bars purchase through lunabar.com through April 11. And Lyft is donating 20% of fares for rides on April 4 in 240 cities to women's organizations. Local businesses in 25 cities offered 20% discounts that day too. But underpayment of women isn't just a one-day or one-month marketing opportunity, it appears. The American Association of University Women is part of a "Lady Dollars" campaign taking a somewhat opposite approach to illustrate the problem, including a Google Chrome extension that will automatically add 20% to the prices of products at online retailers, starting with Walmart.com and Amazon.com. You don't actually have to pay those prices, but it's an illustration, and one that will be updated for Mother's Equal Pay Day (May 23), Black Women's Equal Pay Day (July 31), Native American Women's Equal Pay Day (Sept. 25) and Latinas' Equal Pay Day (Nov. 2). Luna's equal pay campaign is showcasing Gina Rodriguez, including a 90-second video in which the "Jane the Virgin" actress practices boxing and discusses equal pay. Luna Brand Director Ritu Mathur said Ms. Rodriguez "felt very authentic," in part because she was already speaking out as an advocate for women. The Clif Bar brand has long advocated for equal pay and representation through programs including its women's cycling team getting the same pay a men's team would and running the Lunafest women's film festival. Luna plans to donate up to $100,000 to fund wage negotiation workshops throughout the year. It also hired many women leads on the project including, among others, director Alexis Spraic and Executive Producer Tieneke Pavesic at production house Farm League, and at digital agency AnalogFolk Creative Director Carren O'Keefe. Meanwhile, Dress for Success, which specialized in programs aimed at empowering women, on April 4 kicked off a campaign called #OpenDoorProject by FCB. The organization is asking women to post a photo of their shoe holding a door open, and then thank the woman -- or women -- who opened the door to their success. Burger King's Froot Loops shake  Credit: Burger King Burger King's latest limited-time product isn't a burger, fries, or even a new flavor of chicken fries. Instead, it's introducing a Froot Loops shake made with vanilla-flavored soft serve, pieces of Froot Loops cereal and a "sweet sauce," as the idea of ice cream mixed with a cereal that lists sugar as its first ingredient apparently isn't quite sweet enough. The BK tie-in is believed to be the first-ever collaboration between the home of the Whopper and a Kellogg's cereal. BK already features Kellogg Co.'s MorningStar Farms brand in its veggie burger. The shake will be available starting April 17 at a suggested price of $2.99. Intel is deploying what might be the best use case of its 360-degree technology through a partnership with the NFL. Stadiums in Houston, San Francisco and Baltimore will showcase Intel's FreeD technology, which freezes video so users can rotate the picture and see big plays from any angle. Fans will be able to use the tech by visiting the NFL's official website. Broadcasters, meanwhile, will showcase the 360-degree feature during games, Intel said. The complex FreeD technology is made possible through dozens of 5K HD cameras that are connected to Intel servers via fiber-optic cables that stretch for miles, Intel said. A 15- to 30-second clip generates about 1 terabyte of data. There is a small caveat, however: Producers will select and package replays, not fans or broadcasters, Intel said. The technology made its first debut during last year's Super Bowl, the company said. Dean Foods' DairyPure was the big new-product winner of 2016, according to IRI, which tallied $1.2 billion in sales for its milk brand in all measured outlets for the year. The brand was new, but the products weren't, as DairyPure was a nationwide consolidation of several regional dairy brands in a marketing campaign led by Curiosity Advertising Cincinnati that began in May 2015. GSK's over-the-counter switch of prescription allergy drug Flonase was No. 2 overall and the big non-food winner with $316.5 million in IRI-measured 2016 sales. Procter & Gamble Co. landed five products in the top non-food launches of 2016, with entries from Gillette, Tide, Crest, Tampax and Old Spice. But Walmart also flexed its muscle in an unusual way on the list, with one of its exclusive brands, The Pioneer Woman Collection, coming in No. 6 in non-food at $79.1 million in sales. Henkel's Persil ProClean determent also cracked that list just below at $45.2 million in 2016 sales, despite having only been distributed at Walmart during the early part of the year. While big players did well at the top, IRI notes that 80% of top-ranking brands and 64% of new-product dollars came from small and midsize manufacturers. Credit: J.Crew It's the end of an era at J Crew Group Inc. -- an era that favored orange-red lipstick and thick black-frame spectacles. Earlier this week, the retailer announced the December departure of Jenna Lyons, who has spent more than a quarter-century at the New York-based company, most recently serving as president and executive creative director since 2012. The chain, which has struggled with souring sales in recent years amid rising competition from fast-fashion players and ecommerce disruptors, does not plan to replace Ms. Lyons. Years ago, the creative was responsible for infusing the 34-year-old apparel brand with a much-needed nerdy chic -- Ms. Lyons' preference for combining patterns like stripes and florals and ability to combine formalwear with casualwear helped propel J. Crew into the spotlight, but such trends -- once fairly innovative -- have faded in recent years. Calling all would-be fashion models. Denim brand NYDJ, a Los Angeles-based outfit founded in 2003, is taking its campaign casting call to the road. This month, the brand will host opportunities at various malls for aspiring models to be featured in the brand's Fit is Everything fall campaign. The company plans to visit three malls throughout April in its search for loyal consumers ready to strike a pose. The move is the latest in apparel brands' strategy to use authenticity and realness in their marketing as a way to better connect with actual customers. Lastly, here's the latest on some marketing personnel changes at Heineken USA. The beer marketer has promoted Felix Palau, formerly VP-marketing for Tecate, to senior VP-marketing for its flagship Heineken brand. Ralph Rijks, the former Heineken VP, "is returning to Holland with his family," according to Heineken. Esther Garcia has been promoted to replace Mr. Palau on Tecate. Contributing: Jessica Wohl, George Slefo, Jack Neff, Adrianne Pasquarelli In this article: Alcoholic Beverages Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy Diversity Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Sheet Mask Market 2017: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, Forecast to 2022 Sheet Mask Market 2017 The major players in global Sheet Mask market include L’Oreal, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, P&G, Unilever, Avon, Johnson & Johnson, AmorePacific, LVMH, Kose, Mentholatum, Mary Kay, Leaders Clinic, MAGIC, Inoherb, Herborist, A.S.Watson, Jinko, Sisder, Sewame,. Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1149922-global-sheet-mask-market-research-report-2017 On the basis of product, the Sheet Mask market is primarily split into Silk Sheet Mask Cotton Sheet Mask Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Mixed Fabric Sheet Mask Biological Fiber Sheet Mask Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Supermarket/Hypermarket Retail Store Department Store Online Sales Others Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1149922-global-sheet-mask-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents          Global Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 2 Data Source 2.1 Secondary Sources 2.2 Primary Sources 3 Disclaimer 1 Sheet Mask Market Overview 1.1 Sheet Mask Product Overview 1.2 Sheet Mask Segment by Types (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales and Growth (%) Comparison by Types (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Sheet Mask Sales Market Share (%) by Types (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Silk Sheet Mask 1.2.4 Cotton Sheet Mask 1.2.5 Polyester fiber Sheet Mask 1.2.6 Mixed Fabric Sheet Mask 1.2.7 Biological Fiber Sheet Mask 1.3 Global Sheet Mask Segment by Applications 1.3.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) Comparison by Applications (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Supermarket/Hypermarket 1.3.3 Retail Store 1.3.4 Department Store 1.3.5 Online Sales 1.3.6 Others 1.4 Global Sheet Mask Market by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Sheet Mask Market Size and Growth (%) Comparison by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 South America Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Middle East and Africa Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Sheet Mask Market Size (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Sheet Mask Market Competition by Manufacturers/Brand 2.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Sheet Mask Average Price (USD/Piece) by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Sheet Mask Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types 2.5 Sheet Mask Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Sheet Mask Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Sheet Mask Market Share (%) of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.7 Asia-Pacific Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.8 South America Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Middle East and Africa Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4 Global Sheet Mask Sales, Revenue, Price Trend by Types 4.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Sheet Mask Revenue and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 4.3 Global Sheet Mask Price (USD/Piece) by Type (2012-2017) 4.4 Global Sheet Mask Sales Growth by Type (2012-2017) 5 Global Sheet Mask Market Analysis by Applications 5.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) and Market Share (%) by Applications (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Sheet Mask Sales Growth Rate (%) by Applications (2012-2017) Continued……. Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1149922 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)   TagsCosmetic, Google News, satPRnews, Sheet Mask, Sheet Mask Analysis, Sheet Mask Industry, Sheet Mask Market, Sheet Mask Segmentation, Sheet Mask Share, Sheet Mask Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Android POS Market – Industry Trends, Key Players, Manufacturing Process, Machinery, Raw Materials, Cost and Revenue 2022 Next PostNext Varsity Spirit And St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital® Honor Top „Team Up For St. Jude Spirited By Varsity” Fundraisers Search Recent Posts Air Treatment Products Market is Estimated to be Valued at US $35.6 Billion by 2016 End Shoulder-fired Weapons Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Orbis Research: Oats Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Offshore Patrol Vessels Market with Focus on Emerging Technologies, Global Trends, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis & Forecasts 2017-2022 Aviation Cyber Security Market Is Expected To Consume the Largest Market Share Worldwide, Forecast By 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Invest In The ‘New Silicon Valley’ With These Often Overlooked ETFs April 5, 2017 9:16am NYSE:ISRA NYSE:ITEQ ShareTweet From Grant Wasylik: There’s a small country in the Middle East. It’s about the size of New Jersey, with just 8.5 million people. It may be easy for investors to overlook it, but that would be a big mistake. That’s because this mighty mite is a global technology powerhouse. It holds the following world rankings: #2 in innovation (World Economic Forum in 2016) #3 in quality of scientific institutions #3 in company spending on R&D #3 in university-industry collaboration on R&D #4 in capacity for innovation #5 in patent applications per million citizens #2 in R&D spending as a % of GDP And when it comes to technological advancements, it actually scores higher than the U.S.! This country has more scientists, engineers, tech companies and venture capital investment per capita than any other country in the world … More than 270 major international technology and industrial companies have significant operational and R&D centers there. That long (and growing) list includes 3M, Apple, Cisco Systems, General Electric, General Motors, Google, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Intel, Lockheed Martin, Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Qualcomm, Renault-Nissan, Samsung, SAP, Siemens and Tata Group. Plenty of universities and governments also partner with this country’s campuses and institutions, or on bilateral R&D projects: But the thing is, few people know about it — or don’t make the connection. That means this country is an uncharted territory for the overwhelming majority of the investment community. So amateur and professional investors, and even many large institutional investors, are missing out on its potential. However, some pretty smart folks DO know about it. And they have commented on this country’s investment prospects. But you won’t find their comments in the mainstream media … Warren Buffett stated: If you’re going to the Middle East to look for oil, you can skip [this country]. If you’re looking for brains, look no further. [This country] has shown that it has a disproportionate amount of brains and energy. [This country] is the leading, largest and most-promising investment hub outside the United States. Bill Gates declared: The innovation going on in [this country] is critical to the future of the technology business. Rupert Murdoch commented: Armed with the energy and drive of a young nation, [this country] has overcome its small size and population to achieve some truly remarkable developments in science, technology and medicine. With such a wealth of creativity and drive, I fully expect [this country] to remain at the forefront of technological development into the future. Even Albert Einstein saw its promise when he once said: [This country] can win the difficult battle for survival only by developing, painstakingly, the intelligence and expert knowledge of her young people in the field of technology. Warren Buffett and Bill Gates aren’t the only prominent investors with vested interest in this country’s burgeoning tech sector. Carlos Slim, Mark Cuban, Jeff Bezos and Donald Trump are investing there. And celebrities Leonardo DiCaprio, Ashton Kutcher, Toby Maguire, Bono, Serena Williams, Lance Armstrong, Billie Jean King and Jay-Z have investment dollars there, too. So, what do all these companies, colleges, governments, institutions, masterminds and famous affluent people know about this country that most investors don’t? Well, they recognize Israel is a sleepy technology dynamo with an abundance of innovation and intelligence. They understand why Israel has been named the “Start-Up Nation.” And why it’s home to more start-ups and innovative companies than any other country in the world. They know the “technology” coming out of Israel goes beyond just computers and chips. A wide range of innovative technology is derived from Israel: biotech, agriculture-tech, defense-tech, clean-tech, info-tech, etc. And they’re aware of one key ingredient that’s present in most Israeli companies … The real genius of Israel — specifically, its tech sector — comes from the military. There’s obligatory military service in Israel. Men must serve from age 18 to 21. And women must serve from age 18 to 20. In terms of imagination and creativity, the mind at 18 is very different than the mind at 30. So, this nation has a lot of really diverse, well-educated, well-trained, highly motivated young people who are constantly coming up with new ideas. Young Israeli men and women are forced to assume leadership responsibilities and to be self-sufficient … After all, you have to be innovative when you’re outnumbered 100-to-1, if not 1,000-to-1, by your enemies. Israelis can’t fight by manpower, so they fight with brainpower. They’re constantly reinventing technologies. The help of the government really brings that intelligence to market. When Israeli computer engineers and intelligence department workers finish their military service, they go out into the Israeli business world. They’re free to use everything they learned in the military and build new technologies that will be important to the rest of the world. Virtually every Israeli tech company that’s involved in communications has its roots in the Israeli military. Most of the publicly traded and private-sector companies have founders who came from intelligence units or the engineering department of the military.Private and public Israeli companies — and U.S. companies with R&D operations in Israel — covet these workers. Remember, more than 270 major international technology and industrial companies have chosen to set up offices there to tap into the country’s tech talent. Many of the military-to-business-world transformers are responsible for creating innovative technologies … For example, high-tech Israel companies have developed: Machine Vision Technology. Using advanced camera technology and sophisticated algorithms to assist in driver navigation and collision avoidance. Smart Drip Irrigation. Releasing water in controlled amounts has allowed for precise crop irrigation and water conservation. PillCam. A “pill” capable of recording images of the digestive tract. It has revolutionized the visualization and detection of digestive-tract diseases and medical disorders. USB Flash Drive. A compact device that allows for easy storage and transportation of files. And there are many others, as well. How can a country with such a massive footprint in the global tech ecosystem fall through the cracks? An Under-covered, Under-researched, Not-yet-realized Opportunity Most people … and most investors … have no idea that many of the world’s leading companies have important R&D facilities — or are domiciled — in Israel. Nor do most technology users — from online shoppers to Fortune 500 companies — know that they’re using Israeli tech applications and solutions daily, and that there is a lot of “Israel Inside” their devices and technology. Israeli tech is in the news all the time. But the media, readers and watchers usually don’t make the connection. Israeli tech companies frequently provide the critical “back end” to companies like Amazon(AMZN), IBM (IBM), Microsoft (MSFT) and Samsung (SSNLF). Many Israeli-born, technology-related companies like Check Point Software Technologies(CHKP), Mobileye (MBLY) — with Intel’s major $15.3 billion buyout announced mid-March, Amdocs (DOX), Stratasys (SSYS), CyberArk Software (CYBR), Mazor Robotics (MZOR), SodaStream International (SODA) and Wix.com (WIX) are leaders in their fields. On top of a general lack of recognition, most of these companies don’t make it into the portfolios of actively managed funds, popular indexes or ETFs. Part of the reason is Israel moved from an emerging market to a developed market in 2010. While that’s an upgrade for the country, its weight dropped from 3%-3.5% in emerging-market indexes to 0.4%-0.5% in developed-market indexes. Because of this large weight reduction, most active international equity managers can either completely ignore Israel equities … or simply grab a name or two to fill a miniscule weight in their portfolio. So, even with Israel’s importance in the global tech supply chain, investors still don’t get exposure through major tech indexes and ETFs. Steven Schoenfeld, the Founder and CIO of BlueStar Indexes, told me: The Nasdaq-100 Index (tracked by the QQQ ETF) has only one Israeli company … the Nasdaq-100 Technology Index (tracked by the QTEC ETF) has one Israeli company … the S&P Global 1200 Information Technology Index (tracked by the IXN ETF) has zero Israeli companies … and the S&P Small Cap 600 Information Technology Index (tracked by the PSCT ETF) has just three Israeli companies. Clearly, the representation of Israeli tech stocks in the world’s most-prominent tech indexes/ETFs does not comport with Israel’s significance in the global tech sector. There’s a solid workaround (actually, two efficient ways) for this. And you don’t need to be a billionaire or private equity or venture capital investor to capture Israeli tech in your portfolio. The BlueStar TA-BIGITech Israel Tech ETF (ITEQ) and VanEck Vectors Israel ETF (ISRA) can make investing in the new Silicon Valley accessible to investors of all types and sizes. The Nasdaq-listed ITEQ tracks the TASE-BlueStar Israel Global Technology Index. This index currently has 56 constituents that are Israeli companies, regardless of their listing venue. This ETF and the index provide exposure exclusively to Israeli “high-tech” companies such as information technology, cyber-security, biotechnology and defense technology. The NYSE-listed ISRA tracks the BlueStar Israel Global Index. The index currently has 118 constituents made up of Israeli companies, including those listed on the NYSE, Nasdaq, London Stock Exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. This ETF and the index provide exposure to all sectors of the Israeli economy, including pharmaceuticals, technology, real estate, energy and consumer-related sectors. Both Israel ETFs are off to a nice start in 2017. For Q1, ITEQ finished up +14.3%, while QQQ finished up +12%. And ISRA was up +8.7%, while SPY was up +5.9%. Combined, these two ETFs have less than $50 million in assets. Considering there’s about $15 trillion in U.S. mutual funds and another $3 trillion in U.S. ETFs, that’s barely a blip on the radar. Whether Israeli tech companies are shunned due to their domicile, a negative country stance or other index methodology restrictions, they will likely receive more recognition — and investor interest — at some point soon. The compelling Israel Tech story and the two ETFs’ outperformance in Q1 2017 should help raise the profile of both ITEQ and ISRA. BlueStar Indexes Director of Research Joshua Kaplan suggests an Israeli equity discovery could be under way … When we speak to financial advisers about investing in Israel they are often confounded as to how their clients have such little exposure to Israel. The country is one of the most stable and strongest economies in the world with an explosive tech sector. Israeli equities have the potential to be strong alpha generators outside the well-covered large cap space and more informationally-efficient areas of the market. There’s also strong fundamental investment case for Israeli stocks to boot. To learn more about the BlueStar TA-BIGITech Israel Tech ETF (ITEQ), click here. To learn more about the VanEck Vectors Israel ETF (ISRA), click here. And to learn more about BlueStar Indexes, click here. The VanEck Vectors Israel ETF (NYSE:ISRA) was unchanged in premarket trading Wednesday. Year-to-date, ISRA has gained 8.39%, versus a 5.56% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. ISRA currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #9 of 38 ETFs in the Energy Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of Uncommon Wisdom Daily. About the Author: Grant Wasylik Grant Wasylik is an analyst and editor for Uncommon Wisdom Daily — a division of Weiss Research. Before joining the investment newsletter business, Grant worked as a portfolio manager, lead research analyst and head trader for a billion-dollar wealth management firm for 10 years. He also spent a few years working in a specialized risk-trading department at Charles Schwab — where he was the first-ever, external hire into this elite department. In his first stint in the securities business (after passing Series 7, 64 and 24 exams), Grant ran a margin department and supervised a trade desk for a discount brokerage firm. Prior to coming to Uncommon Wisdom Daily, Grant was co-editor and chief analyst of The Palm Beach Letter for two years. This monthly publication — with over 70,000 subscribers — focused on safe, income-oriented investments. Due to his vast investment experience, Grant has a deep contact list comprised of 400-plus mutual fund, ETF, index, hedge fund and other top-notch financial professionals. In addition, he receives special invitations to — and attends — several of the world’s top investment conferences each year. Tags: country Equity grant wasylik Israel Middle East NYSE:ISRA NYSE:ITEQ technology Categories: NYSE:ISRA NYSE:ITEQ Read Next Tap Israel’s Red-Hot Technology Sector With This Unique ETF Future-Proof Your Portfolio With This Robotics-Focused ETF Technology ETFs Continue To Lead, Hit New All-Time Highs ETFs Continue To Hammer Mutual Funds, Gathering $1.5 Trillion In 8 Years Lockheed Martin Shares Plunge 5% Following Trump Tweet Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Narrowing Technicals For The Dow Jones Industrial Average Signal A Big Move Coming Don’t Be Surprised If The U.S. Dollar Heads Significantly Lower Why Retirees Probably Shouldn’t Own The SPY Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost QUEER VOICES 04/05/2017 04:36 am ET | Updated 18 hours ago Touching Ad Normalizes Transgender Motherhood In India, Where The Issue Is Stigmatized This orphan's story is heartbreaking and heartwarming all at once. By Carla Herreria 1.1k This commercial is redefining India’s traditional family. The touching short film above, which Procter & Gamble’s Vicks created, tells the true story of a young orphan in India named Gayatri who was adopted by 37-year-old Gauri Sawant, a transgender woman and social activist who lives in Mumbai. On the way to boarding school, Gayatri recounts her life, her adoption and meeting her new mother, Sawant, for the very first time. Gayatri says that her mother sends her to boarding school so she can one day be a doctor. But Gayatri says she wants to be a lawyer instead, so she can fight for the rights of people who are like her mom. “My civics book says that everyone is entitled to basic rights,” Gayatri says. “Then why is my mom denied them?”  In 2014, India legally recognized transgender people ― known in the country as “enunchs” or the “third gender” ― but the marginalized community still has to fight for basic rights, including the right to legally adopt a child.  Many transgender women like Sawant work around the law by informally adopting the orphans of sex workers who are unable to take care of their own children. Sawant saved Gayatri from being trafficked into the sex industry in Kolkata after the young girl’s mom, who was a sex worker, died of AIDS, according to the Mumai Mirror. Since Sawant’s own family had rejected her decision to live as her authentic self years earlier, she had to raise Gayatri all on her own.  People would often look down on Sawant because she was raising a child as a transgender woman, she told the Mumbai Mirror. Still, she proudly carried on as a parent. “I don’t feel special,” Sawant said. “I became a mother because of Gayatri and she is my pillar of strength. I did what every mother does.” Gaytari and Sawant’s emotional story was turned into an ad for P&G’s “Touch of Care” campaign in an effort to raise awareness of the issues Sawant and other transgender women in India face. “Vicks has always been about the gentle touch of a mother’s care, as she caresses and gives relief to her child,” P&G executive Nitin Darbari said in a statement. With the campaign, “we are going a step further and expounding the importance of care beyond just the traditional perception of family,” Darbari added. “The campaign shows how people who, though not connected by blood, end up being family through care itself.” And Sawant was the perfect spokesperson for the cause. In 2000, Sawant founded Sakhi Char Chowghi, a nongovernmental organization which creates safe spaces for the LGBTQ community in Mumbai. ALSO ON HUFFPOST 48 Transgender Pioneers 48 Transgender Pioneers 1 of 48 Kim Coco Iwamoto In 2006 Iwamoto was elected to a position on Hawaii's state Board of Education and became (at the time) the highest-elected transgender official in the United States. She ran for re-election in 2010 and won. See a video of Iwamoto discussing her support of an anti-bullying bill in Hawaii by clicking here. Share this slide: Courtesy of Kim Coco Iwamoto Suggest a correction Carla Herreria Reporter, The Huffington Post MORE: Asian Voices LGBTQ India Gay Life Family Planning CONVERSATIONS Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW QUEER VOICES We’re spilling the tea on all the queer news that matters to you. Learn more Newsletter 403 K 283 K 475 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Touching Ad Normalizes Transgender Motherhood In India, Where The Issue Is Stigmatized 1.1k NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost MultiCultural/HPMG News
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home Money Brands ride gender equality pitch (Thinkstock) Shares1 Priyanka Golikeri | Wed, 5 Apr 2017-07:20am , DNA 2017 campaigns resonate with gender equality and diversity The year 2017 has already seen a string of advertising campaigns that fuel gender equality and women’s empowerment. Taking on topics that were hitherto less spoken of, these campaigns are looking to drive in societal change through bold, quirky and resolute concepts and dialogues, much like many of the recent movies that have highlighted gender related issues. Zivame’s#FitForAll, Titan Raga’s #MomByChoice, UBS’#BeBoldForChange and P&G’s #WeSeeEqual are a few such campaigns trying to work on aspects of society that have for long been on the back burner. The Zivame campaign shows women experiencing utmost confidence while wearing lingerie and it revolves around the thought that when Indian women come in all sizes, so should lingerie. Titan Raga, which has expressed topics like career, marriage and gender bias through its campaigns, now tries to portray motherhood as a choice and not a sacrifice, through its latest campaign which shows a mom-to-be redefining the codes of motherhood at her baby shower. P&G has women, men and children defying stereotypes in its new campaign that aims to spark conversations to motivate change. UBS, which launched a plan to scale up expertise to better serve women clients, through its latest campaign highlights the questions that women in work force regularly face. These brands are capitalising on the transforming mind-sets of consumers, trying to ignite newer perceptions and reflecting the progressive view points of today’s audiences. Says Suparna Mitra, CMO, Watches and Accessories, Titan Company Limited, “The campaigns from Titan Raga are in tandem with the evolving mind-sets of the modern Indian woman; and reflect her progressive sensibilities and have explored different conversations that are relevant to her.” She adds that the #MomByChoice campaign helps redefine the codes of motherhood. Impact Marketing and brand experts feels such campaigns work to a large extent.“They sensitise the public towards the aspects being conveyed and can help change thought-processes over a period of time. Every piece of an ad campaign is a small nail of good thought being hammered into consumer minds and has the potential to effect positive change,” says branding expert Harish Bijoor. Mitra believes that by voicing messages that address a prevalent situation, advertisements tend to provoke reactions and influence the thoughts of viewers. “While an immediate behaviour change will result from frequent conversations on social issues, the brand’s objective is fulfilled if it makes people think and reflect through its advertising.” Brand Effect The ultimate aim of a campaign (into which a company invests large sums of money) is enhancing the brand’s consumer base, equity and profits; all of which eventually get addressed. Apart from the social angle, a campaign showcases emotional empathy towards its target audience, says advertising industry veteran KV Sridhar, who is the founder and chief creative officer, Hyper Collective. “The consumer then develops a soft corner towards the brand as he/she feels that their values overlap with the brand value.” This emotional connect that a brand tries to establish; also builds trust and credibility, making consumers buy the brand’s its products and services. “The key objective behind campaigns is to develop an instant connect with the target audience,” says Sridhar. Priyanka Golikeri Info TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Sensex scales 30K, closes at all-time high Money Hadoop is NOT “Big Data” is NOT Analytics Money Income exceeding basic limit is taxable Money No cash available! Financial year-end rush for cash dries up several ATMs Money Should a CXO get hefty pay hike? Money M&M bets on tractors despite rain-forecast dampener Next Article > Cesses, IDS hike help govt exceed tax target Next node Cesses, IDS hike help govt exceed tax target Related Income exceeding basic limit is taxable Credit Report is report card, Credit score marks scored M&M bets on tractors despite rain-forecast dampener Video WATCH: Academy award-winning singer John Legend croons Gordon Ramsay's brutal insults Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki WATCH: These adorable two-year-old twins act out their favourite scene from Frozen to perfection View all Tags India Business Report gender equality advertising campaigns Women Empowerment Zivame Titan Raga UBS P&G Suparna Mitra Titan Company Harish Bijoor KV Sridhar Hyper Collective SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Pak calls for politically negotiated settlement for lasting peace in Afghanistan @ 4/6/2017 12:33:10 PM Pak calls for politically negotiated settlement for lasting peace in Afghanistan Pak Army calls for improved coordination post Lahore suicide France says priority in Syria remains UN resolution, peace talks South Korea prosecution to question Lotte Group chief in graft probe Sport Cricket-Yuvraj asserts limited-overs credentials ahead of Champions Trophy Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Messi's inspirational return helps Barca sink Sevilla in La Liga Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Entertainment Ciaran Hinds to play Steppenwolf in 'Justice League' SCOOP: Is Ankita Lokhande dating businessman Vikas Jain? Emma Stone receives 'La La Land' inspired 'prom-posal' Varun Dhawan goes off Twitter! 'Shrek 5' script is ready and quite a few reinventions are in order! Money Turnbull to discuss with Modi opportunities for collaboration PERILS sets initial loss estimate for Cyclone Thomas at 213 million euros GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks waver, investors on knife edge for Trump-Xi meeting BRIEF-Gulf Keystone sets 2017 production guidance at 32,000-38,000 bopd Punjab CM directs restructuring of DTO, professionalisation of registration, licensing Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Wednesday, 5 April 2017, 12:23 pm Press Release: Procter and Gamble New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Following a major overhaul of its local operations and investment in a new NZ distribution partner, Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble (P&G) says research shows the NZ market has strong growth potential. Managing director of P&G New Zealand and Australia, Antoine Brun says the industry is looking for category growth – providing a unique opportunity for retailers and suppliers. “We observe that overall - consumption in the categories where we operate in NZ is essentially flat and even declining in some categories – so we feel we have a role to play in partnering with retailers to achieve total category growth. “Innovation is first and foremost what can accelerate market growth” adds Brun. “Innovation starts with superior products that improve consumers’ lives, but it goes beyond, for example with the way we present the products in store.” Brun says that in some categories: “We haven’t done the job to make the shopping experience efficient nor experiential”, leading to a commoditisation of the categories. “We need to shift our mindset from treating the shopper as a ‘family manager’ only, who is simply buying commodities and driven heavily by price and promotion – to treating the shopper as a woman or a man, understanding their distinct needs and offering them the most compelling in-store experience every day. “We are focused on working with our NZ retailer partners to innovate the in-store design and enhance the total shopping experience, using our learnings in category management from other markets including expertise in shopper psychology.” P&G, which has been supporting the NZ market for over 30 years with its stable of beauty, personal care and household brands, is also introducing a range of new product innovations and increasing media spend as it plans for further growth in the market. “We have invested significantly in appointing a distributor partner – Diplomat NZ - to give our NZ business independent focus – with its own integrated local operations in market. “Our media investment in NZ has almost doubled in the past two years and by having more local talent working on the P&G business, we’re more in-touch with NZ retailers and consumers. Brun says P&G’s NZ business is growing, with retail sales up for the first time in 5 years, and share growing this year in its product categories. “We aspire to be the innovation leaders of our industry and we are accelerating our investment in new product categories to help bring the world’s best product innovation and value to NZ consumers.” The company has recently launched a new range of toothpaste, Oral-B Pro-Health Advanced, which is backed by clinical trials showing unprecedented care for areas like cavities, gum health and whitening. Other P&G brands in NZ include Gillette, Vicks, Metamucil, Pantene, Herbal Essences, Olay, Head & Shoulders, Venus, Clearblue, Braun and Ambi Pur. -Ends- © Scoop Media   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Crown Accounts: Surplus Smashes Forecast The operating balance before gains and losses (OBEGAL) was a surplus of $1,410 million, compared to a forecast surplus of $498 million. This favourable variance of $912 million was largely due to higher than forecast core Crown tax revenue and lower than forecast core Crown expenses. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZ company profits continue to bolster tax take NZ Govt - $1.4b surplus in Crown Accounts to February Myrtle Rust: Serious Fungal Plant Disease Reaches Kermadecs The Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) and the Department of Conservation (DOC) are working together to address a confirmed find of the fungal plant disease myrtle rust on Kermadec pohutukawa trees on Raoul Island. More>> ALSO: Science Media Centre - Myrtle Rust on Raoul Island - Expert Reaction Forest And Bird - Native forests threatened by myrtle rust Biological Heritage National Science Challenge - Māori scientists lead effort to combat plant pathogen - Biological Heritage Science Challenge funding results Horizons: Court Rules For Changes To Plan Implimentation In summary the key findings are: To have regard to a resolution of council in issuing resource consents is unlawful; There are minimum standards that apply to decisions on non-notified consent applications...; Consent applications must include an assessment of environmental effects including cumulative effects. More>> ALSO: Horizons Regional Council - Horizons' One Plan decision to be considered Federated Farmers - More RMA stress & cost for farmers in Horizons region Report: Regulators Nearing Tipping Point The expansion of regulatory regimes and increased budgets to enforce them may have pushed the balance of government oversight to a "tipping point" where the costs start outweighing the wider public benefits, Chapman Tripp says. More>> ALSO: Chapman Tripp - The rise of the regulator Report Released: Statistics House Quake Damage The Independent Panel’s investigation found a combination of four factors contributed to the partial failure of lower floor segments. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Statistics House investigation findings released Labour - Damning report still leaves unanswered questions Statistics NZ - MBIE inquiry into Statistics House – Media statement CentrePort - CentrePort welcomes findings of report into Statistics House Public Service Association - Statistics House report "deeply concerning" - PSA NZ Society for Earthquake Engineering - Structural engineers support Statistics House recommendation Tubes: Tasman Global Access Cable Goes Live Spark, Vodafone and Telstra have today announced the Tasman Global Access (TGA) cable is officially in service and ready to carry vast quantities of Internet traffic between New Zealand and the world. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Trans-Tasman cable improves connectivity Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Stop Calling Us 'Speculators' 4:07 PM | Auckland Property Investors Association Top tech firms crowned 4:02 PM | MYOB Scott Technologies in a 'sweet spot' says CEO Hopkins 3:58 PM | BusinessDesk Avis installs defibrillators at 20 locations throughout NZ 3:57 PM | Avis Bathurst Resources finds replacement for Westport contract 3:53 PM | BusinessDesk Waikari deer farming couple win regional water quality award 3:07 PM | Environment Canterbu... Robotics in primary industries - the revolution begins! 2:39 PM | University of Waikato More   RSS The end of the rain is in sight 2:38 PM | MetService Digital service collaboration brilliant for rural NZ 10:25 AM | Rural Health Alliance Aotear... P10 Series: First smartphone with Te Reo Operating System 05/04/17 | Huawei $6000 Prize for Paper Proving CO2 Causes Warming 05/04/17 | New Zealand Climate Science Coal... Bioengineering aids recovery for swallowing disorders 05/04/17 | University of Canterbury New Hope in the Fight Against Generational Diabetes 05/04/17 | Fonterra Regions Win Battle to Protect Their GM Free Status 05/04/17 | ATTN More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Rural broadband extension bids: Your guide to the ... 6:54 AM | Bill Bennett 2degrees offers trial unmetered mobile phone data 04 Apr | Bill Bennett Samsung after the fire: big screen Galaxy S8 phone... 8:34 PM | Bill Bennett PressPatron: Now you can support my site 20 Mar | Bill Bennett Net neutrality in New Zealand 2:04 AM | Bill Bennett Commerce Commission pushes for congestion-free cop... 9:27 PM | Bill Bennett Call for truth in broadband advertising 4:10 AM | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Christchurch motorists to avoid Bealey Ave and She... 5:29 PM | admin Lights out in Linwood – Motorists to avoid area 5:28 PM | admin Region’s focus turns to recovery and evaluation 5:16 PM | admin Several roads in Waikato district remain closed 5:12 PM | admin New Plymouth Airport asset transfer in the pipelin... 5:06 PM | admin High tide passes as work continues on flood manage... 4:52 PM | admin Good progress has been made to protect braided riv... 4:52 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     View: DESKTOP | MOBILE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use © Scoop Media  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Wednesday, 5 April 2017, 12:23 pm Press Release: Procter and Gamble New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Following a major overhaul of its local operations and investment in a new NZ distribution partner, Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble (P&G) says research shows the NZ market has strong growth potential. Managing director of P&G New Zealand and Australia, Antoine Brun says the industry is looking for category growth – providing a unique opportunity for retailers and suppliers. “We observe that overall – consumption in the categories where we operate in NZ is essentially flat and even declining in some categories – so we feel we have a role to play in partnering with retailers to achieve total category growth. “Innovation is first and foremost what can accelerate market growth” adds Brun. “Innovation starts with superior products that improve consumers’ lives, but it goes beyond, for example with the way we present the products in store.” Brun says that in some categories: “We haven’t done the job to make the shopping experience efficient nor experiential”, leading to a commoditisation of the categories. “We need to shift our mindset from treating the shopper as a ‘family manager’ only, who is simply buying commodities and driven heavily by price and promotion – to treating the shopper as a woman or a man, understanding their distinct needs and offering them the most compelling in-store experience every day. “We are focused on working with our NZ retailer partners to innovate the in-store design and enhance the total shopping experience, using our learnings in category management from other markets including expertise in shopper psychology.” P&G, which has been supporting the NZ market for over 30 years with its stable of beauty, personal care and household brands, is also introducing a range of new product innovations and increasing media spend as it plans for further growth in the market. “We have invested significantly in appointing a distributor partner – Diplomat NZ – to give our NZ business independent focus – with its own integrated local operations in market. “Our media investment in NZ has almost doubled in the past two years and by having more local talent working on the P&G business, we’re more in-touch with NZ retailers and consumers. Brun says P&G’s NZ business is growing, with retail sales up for the first time in 5 years, and share growing this year in its product categories. “We aspire to be the innovation leaders of our industry and we are accelerating our investment in new product categories to help bring the world’s best product innovation and value to NZ consumers.” The company has recently launched a new range of toothpaste, Oral-B Pro-Health Advanced, which is backed by clinical trials showing unprecedented care for areas like cavities, gum health and whitening. Other P&G brands in NZ include Gillette, Vicks, Metamucil, Pantene, Herbal Essences, Olay, Head & Shoulders, Venus, Clearblue, Braun and Ambi Pur. -Ends- © Scoop Media TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SIA Engineering Company and Stratasys sign MOU for Additive Manufacturing Strategic Partnership Next PostNext 2017 Quality Service Awards Winners Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Marketing Media Money These are the 10 most effective advertising campaigns in the world Lucy Handley 1 Hour Ago SHARES A commercial encouraging men in India to do their fair share of household chores has become the world's most effective advert, according to a study. "Share the Load," an ad for laundry brand Ariel, resulted in doubled sales by value and by volume, the study by advertising research company WARC said. More than 1.5 million men in India also pledged to do their fair share of housework. Procter and Gamble, which owns Ariel, is the world's number one advertiser, according to WARC, with five advertising campaigns in a list of the top 100. Other adverts that made it into the top ten include a subscription campaign for The Economist by agency Proximity London, which had a return on investment of 25 to one, and a series of ads for Australian swimming pool company Narellan, which used data to target people at times when they were most likely to buy a pool resulting in a 23 percent sales uplift. Other winners include Apple, Always and U.K. department store John Lewis. WARC put the list together by analyzing more than 2,000 winners of advertising effectiveness campaigns around the world, in partnership with King's College London. Here the ten most effective advertising campaigns globally, according to WARC. 1. Ariel "Share the Load," India 2. John Lewis Christmas advertising, 2012 to 2015, UK 3. Double Robotics, "Lucy the Robot," Australia Cole Bennetts | Getty Images Lucy the Robot queues for an iPhone 6 as it launches in Sydney, Australia in September 2015 4. Media Markt, "Rabbit Race," Germany 5. The Economist, "Raising Eyebrows and Subscriptions," UK 6. Narellan Pools, "Diving into Data for Narellan," Australia 7. Apple, "World Gallery," US Mark Cunningham | Getty Images An advert for the iPhone 6, part of Apple's World Gallery advertising campaign 8. Always, "#LikeAGirl," global 9. SPC, "#MyFamilyCan," Australia 10. Tigerair, "Infrequent Flyers," Australia Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Lucy HandleyWriter,CNBC.com
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Can Brita Filter the Negativity Out of Twitter? Here's How It's Trying By Jack Neff - 29 minutes ago Array 0 Lowdown: How Brands Are Pushing Equal Pay Day Beyond April 4 59 minutes ago Array 0 On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire Channels Like ESPN and CNN By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, P&G, Trivago and More 2 hours ago Array 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago Array 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire Channels Like ESPN and CNN By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago 0 Behind SoulCycle's First Branding Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Should the Cannes Lion Be Shorn of Half Its Mane? By Emma Hall - Yesterday 0 Ad Industry 'Gatecrashers' Get Their Say at 4A's Conference By Megan Graham - Yesterday 0 Pepsi's Kendall Jenner-Joins-a-Protest Ad Sparks Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 22 hours ago 0 See Kendall Jenner in Her New Pepsi Ad By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Wahl Out as McDonald's U.S. CMO, Replaced by PepsiCo's Flatley By Jessica Wohl - 21 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Can Brita Filter the Negativity Out of Twitter? Here's How It's Trying By Jack Neff. Published on April 05, 2017. Most Popular Credit: Clorox Co. Can Brita go beyond filtering contaminants out of water to taking the broader unpleasantness out of life, even on Twitter? The Clorox Co. brand is giving it a go with a #FilterYourFeed campaign from McGarrybowen launching April 6 that lets people find and remove the negative things in their feeds, then replace them with positive messages from spokesman Stephen Curry along with GIFs of him doing things like playing with puppies. The effort is part of the brand's "Filtered Life" series, which looks at all the bad stuff that can be removed from consciousness as a metaphor for what filters do to water. Today's anti-bullying effort encourages self-filtering, only applying to outgoing, not incoming tweets. It also provides a bit of instant analysis people can use to see how many of their tweets get flagged. In the case of the reporter here, Brita's Twitter filter grabbed only 1.5% of messages -- those due largely to quotes from others. The filter doesn't, for example, like the word "crap," so Procter & Gamble Co. Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard's comments of recent months got snared repeatedly. There are of course worse things to be said. Some might point to Tweeter in Chief @RealDonaldTrump. It's unclear what share of the president's tweets might get caught by the filter, because it's not built to apply to other people's accounts. Asked whether Donald Trump might benefit from feed filtering, Brita Associate Director Yating Wong said, "We would encourage him to put out more positive comments and focus on the happy moments." She suggested he try Mr. Curry's GIFs featuring puppies and ice cream. "We want to celebrate the good," Ms. Wong said. "We don't want to get too bogged down in the negative. We just want to get to the good stuff faster." As part of Filter Your Feed Day, Brita will donate up to $20,000, or $1 per for every #FilterYourFeed share, to the Cybersmile Foundation, an international non-profit organization that combats cyberbullying. The broader "Filtered Life" campaign, which includes work from McGarryBowen, media shop OMD, Current for PR, and AKQA on digital media, spans digital and paid and earned social. It includes a series of videos featuring Mr. Curry and removal of words that turn phrases from negatives into positives. Brita is looking to do that with the business too. Sales in channels tracked by Nielsen, which exclude ecommerce and some club-store sales, were down 7.1% and market share down 3.1 percentage points in the 52 weeks ended Feb. 25, according to sales data provided by Deutsche Bank. But, accentuating the positives, share declines lessened for the latest four- and 12-week periods. In this article: Ad Tech Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Digital Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Donald Trump-branded statecraft includes profit for the president 8,000 Uber, Lyft, ride-hailing drivers fail new background checks Bannon never belonged on the NSC Images from Syria too awful to look at, and too important to look away Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In How hipster brands have the king of razors on the run E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share By Thomas Heath Washington Post  April 05, 2017 Gillette Gillette is cutting the price of blades for its Fusion razor from $4.99 to $3.74 per blade. The razor business is all about the blades. Get consumers hooked on your razor, and they buy the highly profitable refill blades forever. Advertisement That seemingly indestructible, high-margin revenue stream is what made Warren Buffett once fall in love with Gillette, which dominates the global razor business with an estimated 50 percent market share. Buffett became one of its largest shareholders and added to his humongous fortune when the razor king was sold to Procter & Gamble for $57 billion in 2005. But Gillette’s dominance is now at risk, with lower-priced, private-label upstarts like Dollar Shave Club and Harry’s eroding market share that Gillette built over more than a century. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Last week, Gillette began across-the-board price cuts averaging 12 percent in an attempt to halt the inexorable surrender of its the men’s razor business to the newcomers. The Boston-based company, now a division of P&G, has seen its market share drop from 70 percent in 2010 to 54 percent in 2016. Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman said Gillette’s moves are too late. ‘‘We are not assuming that there’s any material change in the long-term trajectory of the Gillette business as a result of these cuts,’’ Lieberman said in an interview Wednesday. ‘‘There is something about Dollar Shave and Harry’s . . . we are in a consumer environment where people like feeling they are making a differentiated personalized choice. Small and niche is in vogue.’’ Advertisement Gillette said Wednesday its price offensive is hitting every part of its portfolio ‘‘as we speak.’’ ‘‘We want to be available at all price points that men are looking for and give them the best shaving experience in that category, regardless of what they want to spend,’’ Gillette spokesperson Barbara Diecker said. Diecker said refill blades for the Gillette Fusion, for example, will drop from $4.99 to $3.74 per blade, a savings of around 25 percent. The company is also recharging its longtime ‘‘18th Birthday Program’’ initiative, with a goal of putting a Gillette razor handle and cartridge blade against the cheek of every American male turning 18. Parent P&G has a strong relationship with Amazon.com, which also helps the company’s online sales, according to industry observers. ‘‘We are fully aware of the challenges we are facing as a North American business,’’ Diecker said. For decades, Gillette was focused on a trade-up model similar to how General Motors encouraged its customers to start with Chevrolet and eventually buy up to Cadillac. Gillette prided itself on every seven years or so inventing new — and pricier — razors that would offer an even better shave. ‘‘Gillette was the only game out there for high-quality shave,’’ Lieberman said. ‘‘The idea was if you were a (Gillette) Sensor user, when they launched Mach3, to get Sensors to trade up to Mach3. Then trade up from Mach3 to Fusion, an even better shave. That business model was always in place.’’ Rival Schick disrupted Gillette’s cycle several years back with its own innovations such as the Quattro. Then along came the Dollar Shave Club, Harry’s, and even smaller players such as 800razors.com. ‘‘This is not a new issue,’’ Lieberman said. She said Gillette realized they needed to emphasize lower price products, but they waited too long to launch them. ‘‘If I go back to 2012, they were already losing share and it was before the advent of the Dollar Shave Club.’’ The Wall Street Journal, in a report this week on Gillette’s price changes, said Gillette’s refill razors are $2 to $6 a cartridge when not in bulk, compared with $2 to $2.75 for Schick per cartridge. Dollar Shave Club’s cheapest refill razor cartridge is 20 cents. Publicly traded Edgewell Personal Care Co., last year began selling a compatible refill blade that fits Gillette’s Mach3 handle after the Mach3 patent expired. The refill is a fraction of the price Gillette charges. Phil Masiello, who founded 800razors.com and built its sales up to $2 million before selling it to ShaveMob last year, said Gillette’s strong online presence could help halt the erosion if it is able to be price-competitive with its rivals. ‘‘Gillette makes a great shave,’’ Masiello said. ‘‘Nobody has ever complained about the great shave of Gillette and Schick. People only complained about the price. You take the price difference out, all of a sudden they are back in the game.’’ Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Fitness Food Health Love Beauty Workout Finder Culture News Subscribe Subscribe Get 6 issues for just $5 Subscribe Subscribe Newsletter Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up Now Subscribe Subscribe Beauty|April 5, 2017| By  Jessica Cruel Heat-Damaged Hair: What to Do When Your Curls Are Ruined A curly girl's tale of redemption Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Pinterest Just whisper the words heat damage in a room full of curly girls, and the universal response will be “Damn.” Most women with textured hair know from personal experience that heat is a curl killer. And if you don’t know, I truly hope you live in ignorant bliss forever. Because when heat-damaged hair happened to me, my boyfriend was the only thing keeping me from going Les Misérables on my head (but we both agreed that I don’t have the cheekbones to go bald). I went natural 10 years ago, meaning I stopped chemically straightening my hair with a relaxer. Over the next few years, I spent hours at a time in the bathroom learning how to manipulate and care for my Afro hair at home. Like my loud laugh, dimples, and oversize glasses, my big, kinky hair became a key part of my personality and signature style. My curls were always poppin’, shiny, and springy. Share via PinterestValerie Fischel For maintenance purposes, about four times a year, or whenever my hair would get tangly, I’d head to the salon to get my hair blown out, straightened with a flatiron, and trimmed—split ends can cause single-strand knots on Afro hair that make it SO hard to comb and style. Related: Here's How Often You Should Trim Your Ends Based on Your Texture Then in November, I made a mistake: I cheated on my regular stylist. The new person used a blowdryer, then a hot comb, and finally a flatiron to get my kinky hair straight. As usual, I enjoyed about two weeks of wearing my hair straight before washing it. And when I did I discovered several spots where the hairs were pin-straight from root to ends. (I should have known something was up when my silk press lasted that long.) I panicked. No matter how many times I shampooed my hair, the ringlets wouldn’t reappear. I had heat-damaged hair. Cue the chorus: Damn. I fell into the five stages of heat-damage denial. Stage 1: Wash your hair again, because this can’t be happening right now. Stage 2: Threaten to cut off all your hair in a rage. Stage 3: Back away from that DIY haircut cliff and pin up the straight pieces until you can see a professional. Stage 4: Get a professional haircut to make it look less obvious, yet subsequently learn there isn’t really anything they can do—even though you paid another hundred dollars. Stage 5: Buy a wig. Share via PinterestCristina Cianci Here's how heat damage happens. Any woman knows that too much heat styling can leave hair brittle and unruly. But us curly girls have it especially bad. When you get a blowout, the bonds that make hair curly are relaxed. Once you get your hair wet, it goes back to its naturally curly state (which is why I run from rain for the two weeks after I get mine straightened). That is, unless there's heat damage. “When you add too much heat to your hair, you are completely breaking those bonds the same way you would as if you were [chemically] relaxing your hair," Rolanda Johnson Wilkerson, Ph.D., a senior beauty scientist for Procter & Gamble, tells SELF. "The bonds can’t be reformed again.” But unlike chemical relaxing, heat damage is spotty and unpredictable. While most of my hair returned to ringlets, I had certain sections and random strands that stuck straight out of my head. It was like 15 percent of my hair decided to just take a nap. Share via PinterestCristina Cianci Clearly I was being punished for two-timing my stylist. Generally speaking, there’s nothing wrong with the hot comb, flatiron, or blowdryer that delivered me to my permanently straightened fate. But Wilkerson warns that when you can’t regulate the temperature you're more likely to go too heavy on the heat, and hot combs and blowdryers don’t come with a heat gauge. “Your heat tools shouldn’t go higher than 450 degrees,” she says. “I would not go higher than 400, just to be safe.” I guess the stylist went too hot and held the tools to my hair for too long in some places. There was no denying it: I had entered the dreaded grow-out phase. Here's how to prevent heat damage—and what to do when it's too late. There's a golden rule to heat styling, Phyto national educator Christyn Nawrot tells SELF: “Every time you pick up a heat tool, there should be either a heat or thermal protector applied to the hair to the reduce the risk of damage.” Wilkerson agrees that a heat protectant is essential. But watch out for products that have natural oils as the first ingredient. They can act like gasoline on a fire. “Natural oils are good for the hair to add shine and moisture. But some of the oils just sit on top and don’t penetrate because the molecules are too big to go into the hair shaft,” explains Wilkerson. “And if the hair is still damp, you are frying your hair with natural oils.” Instead, use a moisturizing product like the Pantene Gold Series Leave-on Detangling Milk ($8). And it’s important to limit the amount of times you use heat after getting your hair straightened. Resist that urge to just flatiron around the hairline to keep the style longer. “Many curly hair clients restyle their hair with a blowdryer or irons to reshape their hair in between shampooing,” Nawrot says, but that's a problem because repeated heat can cause curls to go limp. Related: 10 Flatiron Mistakes That Are Totally Frying Your Hair If heat has wreaked havoc on your head, Wilkerson says it's important to treat injured hair with care. “[The straight pieces] are a little bit more susceptible to damage because those bonds have been broken and chemically altered,” she says. You have to treat the newly straightened hair as if it’s got a relaxer. That means more conditioning and moisturizing treatments. Nawrot recommends a pre-shampoo treatment like the Phyto Boabab Oil ($40). It also means it might be time to opt for a protective style while your hair grows out. My coping strategy was to wear a wig: Share via PinterestJessica Cruel My logic: It would take about a year to grow enough hair to finally cut away the damaged ends. So, I’d just rock a wig until then. Plus, wearing cornrows underneath would help me protect my hair and avoid causing even more problems. No one really noticed the difference when I started wearing a wig. For the first month, I felt like a fiercer version of myself. Big hair, don’t care! And the cornrows allowed me freedom to work out without worrying about my Afro shrinking down from sweat and constant showering. But around month two, my boyfriend started dropping hints that he missed the natural hair he was dying to touch the first night we met. I wasn't going to fight it. Honestly, wigs are super hot and itchy, even the ones that are made of human hair (Grandma, I don’t know how you do it!), and I was tired of worrying if mine would fall off. One night on the way home from a yoga class where I spent every Downward Dog in distress, I literally snatched off my wig on the subway platform and shoved it in my bag. I haven't worn it since. Now, I’m just faking the curls by using tiny rollers on the ends of my hair. If I don’t use them, my hair looks super frizzy, and by the end of the day, the damaged pieces are obvious (to me at least). Every week, I twist my hair with a product like Cantu Moisturizing Twist & Lock Gel ($5), and add the rollers to the pieces that are damaged. I'm biding my time until I can put heat damage behind me, aka on the salon floor. Suffice it to say, I'll be going back to my original stylist. You might also like: 7 Bad Beauty Habits to Break Immediately Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Keywords hair, first person Trending 1 Food 16 Spiralized Vegetable Recipes You Probably Haven't Tried Yet 2 Fitness 7 Things Plus-Size Women Are Tired of Hearing at the Gym 3 Fitness 11 Plank Exercises That Double as Cardio Moves Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up for our Newsletter and join us on the path to wellness. Sign up Now Subscribe to SELF Magazine Subscribe to SELF Get 6 issues for just $5 subscribe now Subscribe Subscription ServicesCareersCondé Nast StoreSite MapAbout SelfContact the EditorsAccessibility HelpNewsletter Sign UpRSS Feeds Our SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBon AppétitBridesCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfStyleTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired Cond\é Nast © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016). SELF may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies A look at China's trade balances Business Standard Gillette, bleeding market share, cuts prices of razors Top brand also plans to add focus on its cheaper products as pressure mounts from online start-ups Sharon Terlep  April 6, 2017 Last Updated at 01:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUsblI ALSO READ After babycare, HUL eyes razor segment with Dollar Shave Club razor brand Unilever, P&G, other companies prepare plan to use digital space P-note issuers rejig business model K-G Basin row: Slapping $1.55-bn notice was the easy part HSBC to wind up P-note business in India Gillette, which dominates the global razor business, has long followed a simple and lucrative strategy: Add new features and raise prices. But the 115-year-old brand is changing tactics this month by slashing prices and putting a new focus on its cheaper products. The Procter & Gamble Co. unit hopes to stop defections of its U.S. customers to online startups like Dollar Shave Club and Harry’s that sell lower-priced razors and blades. Gillette’s plan to cut prices by as much as 20% jolted Wall Street. “An act of desperation on Gillette?” asked Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman, in a research note soon after the announcement in February by P&G. New data show Gillette has lost U.S. market share for six straight years. Its share of the men’s-razors business fell to 54% in 2016, down from 59% in 2015 and more than 70% in 2010, according to figures released Tuesday by data-tracking firm Euromonitor. P&G says its internal numbers show a lesser decline.  Gillette razors and blades are important, high-margin products for P&G, which bought the business for $57 billion in 2005. The Cincinnati giant finds itself under the microscope after Trian Fund Management, one of the biggest activist investors, announced in February it had built up a stake in the company. Trian has yet to say what changes, if any, it will push for at P&G. “We are very aware of what happening in the North American landscape and we are very focused on addressing some of the challenges that we face,” Gillette spokeswoman Kara Buckley said. The decision on pricing, she said, came as the company realized the drawbacks of its singular focus on creating ever more sophisticated razors with higher and higher prices. “We need to do a better job of telling guys we are available for them at a multitude of price points,” she said. Refills for Gillette men’s razors range from around $2 to $6 per cartridge, depending on the features, when not bought in bulk. That compares with Schick’s $2 to $2.75 per cartridge, when not bought in bulk. The cheapest Dollar Shave Club option features refills for 20-cents a cartridge. Even as lower-cost shave clubs entered the scene, P&G continued to roll out new, pricier products, such as a razor featuring a swiveling-ball hinge that allows the blade to pivot. Last month, the company filed a patent application for a razor cartridge that heats up. Among the items getting a price cut: cartridges for the Fusion razor that features five blades in a single head and a special trimmer on the back for hard-to-reach areas.  A four-pack that was selling for around $19.50 will now go for closer to $15. On average, prices will fall by 12%, P&G says. P&G in recent years also launched its own competitor to online razor services, the Gillette Shave Club. Ms. Buckley said P&G will still offer and develop high-end products, but also will put more resources into marketing and expanding lower-priced product lines. The company’s upgrade last year of its lower-end Mach 3 razors and blades was the first in many years. Ms. Lieberman, the Barclay’s analyst, called Gillette’s move a “full capitulation on price,” and said she doubted it would stem the company’s market-share erosion in the long run. “We think it will be very tough to switch users back from Dollar Shave Club & Harry’s,” she wrote. Both Dollar Shave Club—acquired last year by P&G rival Unilever PLC for $1 billion—and smaller competitor Harry’s continued to grow substantially last year.  Combined, the two companies’ share of the U.S. market rose to 12.2%, up from 7.2% in 2015, according to Euromonitor, which estimates both online or in-store sales. U.S. sales at Harry’s, launched in 2013, more than doubled to $113 million last year, according to Euromonitor. The growth in part came from a deal with Target Corp. to sell razors in its nearly 1,800 stores, the company’s founders said last month.  Harry’s co-founder Jeffrey Raider said he was confident Harry’s could retain customers even as Gillette cut prices.  “People trust that our pricing is fair,” he said. “And there is significant pent-up frustration among guys that Gillette has been methodically overcharging them for decades.” Dollar Shave Club declined to comment on Gillette’s price drop. The company said its internal data show a higher market share than Euromonitor.  Edgewell Personal Care Co.’s lower-priced Schick is most vulnerable to Gillette price cuts given that the brands are sold side-by-side at retailers, according to analysts. The company also sells private-label razors, which are in growing demand. Edgewell Chief Executive David Hatfield said in a January earnings call that P&G “continues to do promotion levels that we’ve never seen” for Gillette. An Edgewell spokesman declined to discuss Gillette’s move or Edgewell’s plans.  Source: The Wall Street Journal Read More On Gillette | Razors | Razor Business | Us | Us Market | P&g | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements ad Organizational Change. MIT's Online Program Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Lead Organizations & Change Online Course from MIT Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Gillette, bleeding market share, cuts prices of razors Top brand also plans to add focus on its cheaper products as pressure mounts from online start-ups Top brand also plans to add focus on its cheaper products as pressure mounts from online start-ups Gillette, which dominates the global razor business, has long followed a simple and lucrative strategy: Add new features and raise prices. But the 115-year-old brand is changing tactics this month by slashing prices and putting a new focus on its cheaper products. The Procter & Gamble Co. unit hopes to stop defections of its U.S. customers to online startups like Dollar Shave Club and Harry’s that sell lower-priced razors and blades. Gillette’s plan to cut prices by as much as 20% jolted Wall Street. “An act of desperation on Gillette?” asked Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman, in a research note soon after the announcement in February by P&G. New data show Gillette has lost U.S. market share for six straight years. Its share of the men’s-razors business fell to 54% in 2016, down from 59% in 2015 and more than 70% in 2010, according to figures released Tuesday by data-tracking firm Euromonitor. P&G says its internal numbers show a lesser decline.  Gillette razors and blades are important, high-margin products for P&G, which bought the business for $57 billion in 2005. The Cincinnati giant finds itself under the microscope after Trian Fund Management, one of the biggest activist investors, announced in February it had built up a stake in the company. Trian has yet to say what changes, if any, it will push for at P&G. “We are very aware of what happening in the North American landscape and we are very focused on addressing some of the challenges that we face,” Gillette spokeswoman Kara Buckley said. The decision on pricing, she said, came as the company realized the drawbacks of its singular focus on creating ever more sophisticated razors with higher and higher prices. “We need to do a better job of telling guys we are available for them at a multitude of price points,” she said. Refills for Gillette men’s razors range from around $2 to $6 per cartridge, depending on the features, when not bought in bulk. That compares with Schick’s $2 to $2.75 per cartridge, when not bought in bulk. The cheapest Dollar Shave Club option features refills for 20-cents a cartridge. Even as lower-cost shave clubs entered the scene, P&G continued to roll out new, pricier products, such as a razor featuring a swiveling-ball hinge that allows the blade to pivot. Last month, the company filed a patent application for a razor cartridge that heats up. Among the items getting a price cut: cartridges for the Fusion razor that features five blades in a single head and a special trimmer on the back for hard-to-reach areas.  A four-pack that was selling for around $19.50 will now go for closer to $15. On average, prices will fall by 12%, P&G says. P&G in recent years also launched its own competitor to online razor services, the Gillette Shave Club. Ms. Buckley said P&G will still offer and develop high-end products, but also will put more resources into marketing and expanding lower-priced product lines. The company’s upgrade last year of its lower-end Mach 3 razors and blades was the first in many years. Ms. Lieberman, the Barclay’s analyst, called Gillette’s move a “full capitulation on price,” and said she doubted it would stem the company’s market-share erosion in the long run. “We think it will be very tough to switch users back from Dollar Shave Club & Harry’s,” she wrote. Both Dollar Shave Club—acquired last year by P&G rival Unilever PLC for $1 billion—and smaller competitor Harry’s continued to grow substantially last year.  Combined, the two companies’ share of the U.S. market rose to 12.2%, up from 7.2% in 2015, according to Euromonitor, which estimates both online or in-store sales. U.S. sales at Harry’s, launched in 2013, more than doubled to $113 million last year, according to Euromonitor. The growth in part came from a deal with Target Corp. to sell razors in its nearly 1,800 stores, the company’s founders said last month.  Harry’s co-founder Jeffrey Raider said he was confident Harry’s could retain customers even as Gillette cut prices.  “People trust that our pricing is fair,” he said. “And there is significant pent-up frustration among guys that Gillette has been methodically overcharging them for decades.” Dollar Shave Club declined to comment on Gillette’s price drop. The company said its internal data show a higher market share than Euromonitor.  Edgewell Personal Care Co.’s lower-priced Schick is most vulnerable to Gillette price cuts given that the brands are sold side-by-side at retailers, according to analysts. The company also sells private-label razors, which are in growing demand. Edgewell Chief Executive David Hatfield said in a January earnings call that P&G “continues to do promotion levels that we’ve never seen” for Gillette. An Edgewell spokesman declined to discuss Gillette’s move or Edgewell’s plans.  Source: The Wall Street Journal Sharon Terlep Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Gillette, bleeding market share, cuts prices of razors Top brand also plans to add focus on its cheaper products as pressure mounts from online start-ups Gillette, which dominates the global razor business, has long followed a simple and lucrative strategy: Add new features and raise prices. But the 115-year-old brand is changing tactics this month by slashing prices and putting a new focus on its cheaper products. The Procter & Gamble Co. unit hopes to stop defections of its U.S. customers to online startups like Dollar Shave Club and Harry’s that sell lower-priced razors and blades. Gillette’s plan to cut prices by as much as 20% jolted Wall Street. “An act of desperation on Gillette?” asked Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman, in a research note soon after the announcement in February by P&G. New data show Gillette has lost U.S. market share for six straight years. Its share of the men’s-razors business fell to 54% in 2016, down from 59% in 2015 and more than 70% in 2010, according to figures released Tuesday by data-tracking firm Euromonitor. P&G says its internal numbers show a lesser decline.  Gillette razors and blades are important, high-margin products for P&G, which bought the business for $57 billion in 2005. The Cincinnati giant finds itself under the microscope after Trian Fund Management, one of the biggest activist investors, announced in February it had built up a stake in the company. Trian has yet to say what changes, if any, it will push for at P&G. “We are very aware of what happening in the North American landscape and we are very focused on addressing some of the challenges that we face,” Gillette spokeswoman Kara Buckley said. The decision on pricing, she said, came as the company realized the drawbacks of its singular focus on creating ever more sophisticated razors with higher and higher prices. “We need to do a better job of telling guys we are available for them at a multitude of price points,” she said. Refills for Gillette men’s razors range from around $2 to $6 per cartridge, depending on the features, when not bought in bulk. That compares with Schick’s $2 to $2.75 per cartridge, when not bought in bulk. The cheapest Dollar Shave Club option features refills for 20-cents a cartridge. Even as lower-cost shave clubs entered the scene, P&G continued to roll out new, pricier products, such as a razor featuring a swiveling-ball hinge that allows the blade to pivot. Last month, the company filed a patent application for a razor cartridge that heats up. Among the items getting a price cut: cartridges for the Fusion razor that features five blades in a single head and a special trimmer on the back for hard-to-reach areas.  A four-pack that was selling for around $19.50 will now go for closer to $15. On average, prices will fall by 12%, P&G says. P&G in recent years also launched its own competitor to online razor services, the Gillette Shave Club. Ms. Buckley said P&G will still offer and develop high-end products, but also will put more resources into marketing and expanding lower-priced product lines. The company’s upgrade last year of its lower-end Mach 3 razors and blades was the first in many years. Ms. Lieberman, the Barclay’s analyst, called Gillette’s move a “full capitulation on price,” and said she doubted it would stem the company’s market-share erosion in the long run. “We think it will be very tough to switch users back from Dollar Shave Club & Harry’s,” she wrote. Both Dollar Shave Club—acquired last year by P&G rival Unilever PLC for $1 billion—and smaller competitor Harry’s continued to grow substantially last year.  Combined, the two companies’ share of the U.S. market rose to 12.2%, up from 7.2% in 2015, according to Euromonitor, which estimates both online or in-store sales. U.S. sales at Harry’s, launched in 2013, more than doubled to $113 million last year, according to Euromonitor. The growth in part came from a deal with Target Corp. to sell razors in its nearly 1,800 stores, the company’s founders said last month.  Harry’s co-founder Jeffrey Raider said he was confident Harry’s could retain customers even as Gillette cut prices.  “People trust that our pricing is fair,” he said. “And there is significant pent-up frustration among guys that Gillette has been methodically overcharging them for decades.” Dollar Shave Club declined to comment on Gillette’s price drop. The company said its internal data show a higher market share than Euromonitor.  Edgewell Personal Care Co.’s lower-priced Schick is most vulnerable to Gillette price cuts given that the brands are sold side-by-side at retailers, according to analysts. The company also sells private-label razors, which are in growing demand. Edgewell Chief Executive David Hatfield said in a January earnings call that P&G “continues to do promotion levels that we’ve never seen” for Gillette. An Edgewell spokesman declined to discuss Gillette’s move or Edgewell’s plans.  Source: The Wall Street Journal Sharon Terlep Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
TV Reality Gossip Music Red Carpet New! VIDEO Privacy Policy Terms of Service Latest News Kendall’s Pepsi Ad Empire Kailyn Lowry RHOA vs. L&HH Videos 0 Saved Articles Recently Viewed Advertisement Credit: BlindLight Studio     Laurie Hernandez Laurie Hernandez on Val Chmerkovskiy: “He’s the Happiest He’s Ever Been” — Exclusive April 5, 2017 by Zoe Jewell 0 Shares Advertisement After winning big at the Rio Olympic games and snagging the Mirrorball Trophy on Dancing With the Stars Season 23, it’s safe to say Laurie Hernandez had a very successful 2016. Oh, and did we mention she’s only 16?! Though life has certainly slowed down since her breakthrough year, the girl known as the “human emoji” isn’t stopping anytime soon. The athlete told Wetpaint all about DWTS and her plans for Tokyo 2020 while receiving a Latinovator Award at the Hispanicize 2017 luncheon sponsored by Crest and P&G’s Orgullosa. Credit: BlindLight Studio     While most of us were learning to drive and navigate high school at 16, Laurie’s accepting awards and unveiling her brand new commercial. “It was absolutely amazing. I got this from the Olympics, which was super exciting, and also just being a part of the Crest and Orgullosa family….I mean, I can’t even believe that I did a commercial!” Though it may be surprising for the teenager, fans of DWTS certainly aren't shocked this starlet snagged her own TV spot. Credit: BlindLight Studio     Her amazing dance skills, combined with her bubbly personality, helped her to win Season 23 of the hit ABC show. Credit: ABC/Eric McCandless     “I loved being able to learn so many new dances, just because I would’ve never thought to try ballroom dancing,” she said. “But this gave me the opportunity to learn from professionals. It was a really cool experience.” Her partner, Val Chmerkovskiy, is currently paired up with Fifth Harmony star Normani Kordei, and Laurie couldn’t be more excited for the new duo. Credit: Instagram     “I actually texted him yesterday because I was watching the show and I told him what a great job he did with Normani because they looked amazing.” The ballroom professional and the singer have been traveling in Asia due to Fifth Harmony’s tour, but Val’s not letting it stress him out. A post shared by Valentin (@iamvalc) on Mar 22, 2017 at 1:41am PDT “I think he’s a little bit tired, but it’s also the happiest he’s ever been. He’s very good at embracing every moment and I learned that from him,” she continued. We all know Val is a fan favorite — just look at him! — but he’s also known for being a bit tough on his partners from time to time. However, Laurie promises he’s actually a giant teddy bear. “Just understand that he has a big heart and he wants the best for you. Just because he gets tough doesn’t mean he’s mad at you,” she said. Though she’s biased towards Team Valmani and her Olympic teammate Simone Biles, the brunette beauty isn’t playing favorites. “I’m rooting for everybody, honestly. I was able to go on tour and got to know the professional dancers as people,” she revealed.   “I got to hear everything that they like and everything that they didn’t like and we became family on that tour.” A post shared by Laurie Hernandez (@lauriehernandez_) on Dec 31, 2016 at 7:08pm PST She is taking some time off from gymnastics, which is well deserved, but you can expect to see the New Jersey native back on the bars in no time. “I’m planning on coming back in a few months,” she spilled, and when asked about going for Tokyo 2020 she said, “Yeah, I think so!”   A post shared by Laurie Hernandez (@lauriehernandez_) on Feb 1, 2017 at 12:14pm PST We can’t wait to see what Laurie does next. Make sure to watch her brand new commercial with Crest below! Dancing With the Stars airs Mondays at 8 p.m. ET on ABC. Check out more of Wetpaint’s coverage of Dancing With the Stars below: 12 Things to Know About DWTS Contestant Bonner Bolton (PHOTOS) 15 Times Len Goodman Was the Meanest DWTS Judge (PHOTOS) Ranking the Most Cringe-Worthy Performances in Dancing with the Stars History A Look Into DWTS Season 24 Pro Sharna Burgess’s Dating Past Dancing With the Stars Season 24 Pros: Then & Now (PHOTOS) Advertisement Advertisement Share Show Comments Advertisement Around the Web From Sites We Love Advertisement Advertisement Check out Wetpaint Video With celebrity interviews and exclusives Most Popular Pepsi Pulls Offensive Kendall Jenner Ad (UPDATE)1You’ll Want to Pin Jenelle’s Daughter’s Nursery Pic Right Now2One of These 16 YA Novels Could Be the Next 13 Reasons Why3Mel B Reveals Husband Impregnated Nanny, Gave Her $300K — Report4OMG — Is TMOG's Catelynn Pregnant?5Santa Monica Freakout Woman Turns Out to Be Amateur Porn Star (UPDATE)6 Advertisement Get Updated Add your email to get news about your favorite shows or celebrities Add Me! TV Reality TV Kardashians Real Housewives GoT Walking Dead Music Beyoncé Drake Justin Timberlake Kanye West Katy Perry Taylor Swift Celebrities Breakups Deaths Feuds Moms & Babies Red Carpet Emmys Grammys Oscars Video Street Challenge The Good Things: Los Angeles Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright 2017 FunctionX, Inc.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search POLL: Does Pepsi's Kendall Jenner Ad Celebrate a New Generation of Protest, or Just Co-Opt It? 11 minutes ago Array 0 Unilever Gives Birth to Baby Dove as Johnson's Tries to Bounce Back By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Internet Privacy 2017: What You Need to Know By Shelly Palmer - 1 hour ago Array 0 CNN Debuts Next Digital Business With Anthony Bourdain By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago Array 0 Purchase of Panera Fuels a Fast-Growing Coffee-Bagels-and-Doughnuts Conglomerate 2 hours ago Array 0 Pepsi's Kendall Jenner-Joins-a-Protest Ad Sparks Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 13 hours ago 0 Amazon Prime Suits Up as NFL's New 'Thursday Night Football' Streaming Partner By Anthony Crupi - 13 hours ago 0 Behind SoulCycle's First Branding Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 3 hours ago 0 Wahl Out as McDonald's U.S. CMO, Replaced by PepsiCo's Flatley By Jessica Wohl - 13 hours ago 0 YouTube Invites in Safety Inspectors, but Powers Are Limited By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Pepsi's Kendall Jenner-Joins-a-Protest Ad Sparks Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 13 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Inside Esports Star Franchise Optic Gaming By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Unilever Gives Birth to Baby Dove as Johnson's Tries to Bounce Back By Jack Neff. Published on April 05, 2017. Most Popular Unilever's Dove and Dove Men+Care are proud parents of Baby Dove, the brand's first major category extension since launch of the aforementioned men's line seven years ago. The new line of baby washes, lotions and wipes kicks off with a digital video today to be followed by a broader digital, TV and #RealMoms social campaign. Related Stories Rulings Linking Baby Powder to Cancer Dent J&J Image Baby Dove arrives just as the category leader, the Johnson's Baby brand, copes with declining sales and negative publicity from lawsuits claiming its baby powder is responsible for ovarian cancer in some women -- something the company vigorously denies. It also comes after Unilever appears to have walked away from a reported interest in acquiring an upstart that rattled the category in recent years, Honest Co., which is now apparently off the market after hiring a new CEO. Both companies declined to comment on that. Big brand extensions into baby bath products have been slow going in the past, even from brands with a close connection to the category. Kimberly-Clark Corp.'s Huggies discontinued its foray into bath products, and Procter & Gamble Co. sold Kandoo, an offshoot of its giant Pampers brand, to orphan-brand marketer Nehemiah Manufacturing in recent years. So why will things be different for Dove? "Baby Dove is building on the 60-year heritage of cleansing and care and moisturization of the Dove brand," said Nick Soukas, VP of Dove. One of the key insights behind the products is that baby skin loses moisture five times faster than adult skin, so Dove's heritage of moisturizing products fits particularly well, he said. He declined to comment on the litigation woes afflicting the Johnson & Johnson competitor, but said Dove was coming to market because it has a products line that can make a positive impact. Beyond the moisturizing heritage, Dove has been squarely focused on moms and dads with its existing product lines for years, making the leap to babies fairly easy. Marketing for Dove Men+Care in particular has been focused on men's roles as fathers since day one. But Baby Dove will be focused on the primary buyer in the category -- moms -- and in particular bucking up women's self-esteem vs. pressure to be perfect. Instead of Real Beauty, think of it as a campaign for real parenting. "When you look at how brands are talking about parenting, there's a real opportunity to bring a modern, updated view of parenthood," Mr. Soukas said. Baby Dove marketing will aim to "show parents as they really are, and the reality of parenting." Dove research shows nine of 10 moms feel pressure to be perfect, but only 26% feel they can live up to the ideals portrayed in media. Backing the launch are media shop WPP's Mindshare on media, Publicis Groupe's Razorfish and WPP's Ogilvy & Mather on creative, and Edelman on PR and influencer marketing. J&J, while admittedly having a rough time of late on the Johnson's Baby business, will be putting up a renewed fight, Baby Dove or no. In a presentation to the Consumer Analyst Group of New York conference in February, Jorge Mesquita, worldwide chairman of Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies, said, "Johnson's Baby is a category where we are clearly underperforming" and "losing share." But he said turning the business around is his biggest priority, and that the company is preparing a restage and "brand transformation" that "recognizes it clearly is not connecting with consumers as it once did." In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Digital Video Health Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Home Issues Experts Newsletters & Trading Services Login Invest in the ‘New Silicon Valley’ Posted on April 5, 2017 by Grant Wasylik There’s a small country in the Middle East. It’s about the size of New Jersey, with just 8.5 million people. It may be easy for investors to overlook it, but that would be a big mistake. That’s because this mighty mite is a global technology powerhouse. It holds the following world rankings: #2 in innovation (World Economic Forum in 2016) #3 in quality of scientific institutions #3 in company spending on R&D #3 in university-industry collaboration on R&D #4 in capacity for innovation #5 in patent applications per million citizens #2 in R&D spending as a % of GDP And when it comes to technological advancements, it actually scores higher than the U.S.! This country has more scientists, engineers, tech companies and venture capital investment per capita than any other country in the world … More than 270 major international technology and industrial companies have significant operational and R&D centers there. That long (and growing) list includes 3M, Apple, Cisco Systems, General Electric, General Motors, Google, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Intel, Lockheed Martin, Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Qualcomm, Renault-Nissan, Samsung, SAP, Siemens and Tata Group. Plenty of universities and governments also partner with this country’s campuses and institutions, or on bilateral R&D projects: But the thing is, few people know about it — or don’t make the connection. That means this country is an uncharted territory for the overwhelming majority of the investment community. So amateur and professional investors, and even many large institutional investors, are missing out on its potential. However, some pretty smart folks DO know about it. And they have commented on this country’s investment prospects. But you won’t find their comments in the mainstream media … Warren Buffett stated: If you’re going to the Middle East to look for oil, you can skip [this country]. If you’re looking for brains, look no further. [This country] has shown that it has a disproportionate amount of brains and energy. [This country] is the leading, largest and most-promising investment hub outside the United States. Bill Gates declared: The innovation going on in [this country] is critical to the future of the technology business. Rupert Murdoch commented: Armed with the energy and drive of a young nation, [this country] has overcome its small size and population to achieve some truly remarkable developments in science, technology and medicine. With such a wealth of creativity and drive, I fully expect [this country] to remain at the forefront of technological development into the future. Even Albert Einstein saw its promise when he once said: [This country] can win the difficult battle for survival only by developing, painstakingly, the intelligence and expert knowledge of her young people in the field of technology. Warren Buffett and Bill Gates aren’t the only prominent investors with vested interest in this country’s burgeoning tech sector. Carlos Slim, Mark Cuban, Jeff Bezos and Donald Trump are investing there. And celebrities Leonardo DiCaprio, Ashton Kutcher, Toby Maguire, Bono, Serena Williams, Lance Armstrong, Billie Jean King and Jay-Z have investment dollars there, too. So, what do all these companies, colleges, governments, institutions, masterminds and famous affluent people know about this country that most investors don’t? Well, they recognize Israel is a sleepy technology dynamo with an abundance of innovation and intelligence. They understand why Israel has been named the "Start-Up Nation." And why it’s home to more start-ups and innovative companies than any other country in the world. They know the "technology" coming out of Israel goes beyond just computers and chips. A wide range of innovative technology is derived from Israel: biotech, agriculture-tech, defense-tech, clean-tech, info-tech, etc. And they’re aware of one key ingredient that’s present in most Israeli companies … The real genius of Israel — specifically, its tech sector — comes from the military. There’s obligatory military service in Israel. Men must serve from age 18 to 21. And women must serve from age 18 to 20. In terms of imagination and creativity, the mind at 18 is very different than the mind at 30. So, this nation has a lot of really diverse, well-educated, well-trained, highly motivated young people who are constantly coming up with new ideas. Young Israeli men and women are forced to assume leadership responsibilities and to be self-sufficient … After all, you have to be innovative when you’re outnumbered 100-to-1, if not 1,000-to-1, by your enemies. Israelis can’t fight by manpower, so they fight with brainpower. They’re constantly reinventing technologies. The help of the government really brings that intelligence to market. When Israeli computer engineers and intelligence department workers finish their military service, they go out into the Israeli business world. They’re free to use everything they learned in the military and build new technologies that will be important to the rest of the world. Private and public Israeli companies — and U.S. companies with R&D operations in Israel — covet these workers. Remember, more than 270 major international technology and industrial companies have chosen to set up offices there to tap into the country’s tech talent. Virtually every Israeli tech company that’s involved in communications has its roots in the Israeli military. Most of the publicly traded and private-sector companies have founders who came from intelligence units or the engineering department of the military. Many of the military-to-business-world transformers are responsible for creating innovative technologies … For example, high-tech Israel companies have developed:   Machine Vision Technology. Using advanced camera technology and sophisticated algorithms to assist in driver navigation and collision avoidance.   Smart Drip Irrigation. Releasing water in controlled amounts has allowed for precise crop irrigation and water conservation.   PillCam. A "pill" capable of recording images of the digestive tract. It has revolutionized the visualization and detection of digestive-tract diseases and medical disorders.   USB Flash Drive. A compact device that allows for easy storage and transportation of files. And there are many others, as well. How can a country with such a massive footprint in the global tech ecosystem fall through the cracks? An Under-covered, Under-researched, Not-yet-realized Opportunity Most people … and most investors … have no idea that many of the world’s leading companies have important R&D facilities — or are domiciled — in Israel. Nor do most technology users — from online shoppers to Fortune 500 companies — know that they’re using Israeli tech applications and solutions daily, and that there is a lot of "Israel Inside" their devices and technology. Israeli tech is in the news all the time. But the media, readers and watchers usually don’t make the connection. Israeli tech companies frequently provide the critical "back end" to companies like Amazon (AMZN), IBM (IBM), Microsoft (MSFT) and Samsung (SSNLF). Many Israeli-born, technology-related companies like Check Point Software Technologies (CHKP), Mobileye (MBLY) — with Intel’s major $15.3 billion buyout announced mid-March, Amdocs (DOX), Stratasys (SSYS), CyberArk Software (CYBR), Mazor Robotics (MZOR), SodaStream International (SODA) and Wix.com (WIX) are leaders in their fields. On top of a general lack of recognition, most of these companies don’t make it into the portfolios of actively managed funds, popular indexes or ETFs. Part of the reason is Israel moved from an emerging market to a developed market in 2010. While that’s an upgrade for the country, its weight dropped from 3%-3.5% in emerging-market indexes to 0.4%-0.5% in developed-market indexes. Because of this large weight reduction, most active international equity managers can either completely ignore Israel equities … or simply grab a name or two to fill a miniscule weight in their portfolio. So, even with Israel’s importance in the global tech supply chain, investors still don’t get exposure through major tech indexes and ETFs. Steven Schoenfeld, the Founder and CIO of BlueStar Indexes, told me: The Nasdaq-100 Index (tracked by the QQQ ETF) has only one Israeli company … the Nasdaq-100 Technology Index (tracked by the QTEC ETF) has one Israeli company … the S&P Global 1200 Information Technology Index (tracked by the IXN ETF) has zero Israeli companies … and the S&P Small Cap 600 Information Technology Index (tracked by the PSCT ETF) has just three Israeli companies. Clearly, the representation of Israeli tech stocks in the world’s most-prominent tech indexes/ETFs does not comport with Israel’s significance in the global tech sector. There’s a solid workaround (actually, two efficient ways) for this. And you don’t need to be a billionaire or private equity or venture capital investor to capture Israeli tech in your portfolio. The BlueStar TA-BIGITech Israel Tech ETF (ITEQ) and VanEck Vectors Israel ETF (ISRA) can make investing in the new Silicon Valley accessible to investors of all types and sizes. The Nasdaq-listed ITEQ tracks the TASE-BlueStar Israel Global Technology Index. This index currently has 56 constituents that are Israeli companies, regardless of their listing venue. This ETF and the index provide exposure exclusively to Israeli "high-tech" companies such as information technology, cyber-security, biotechnology and defense technology. The NYSE-listed ISRA tracks the BlueStar Israel Global Index. The index currently has 118 constituents made up of Israeli companies, including those listed on the NYSE, Nasdaq, London Stock Exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. This ETF and the index provide exposure to all sectors of the Israeli economy, including pharmaceuticals, technology, real estate, energy and consumer-related sectors. Both Israel ETFs are off to a nice start in 2017. For Q1, ITEQ finished up +14.3%, while QQQ finished up +12%. And ISRA was up +8.7%, while SPY was up +5.9%. Combined, these two ETFs have less than $50 million in assets. Considering there’s about $15 trillion in U.S. mutual funds and another $3 trillion in U.S. ETFs, that’s barely a blip on the radar. Whether Israeli tech companies are shunned due to their domicile, a negative country stance or other index methodology restrictions, they will likely receive more recognition — and investor interest — at some point soon. The compelling Israel Tech story and the two ETFs’ outperformance in Q1 2017 should help raise the profile of both ITEQ and ISRA. BlueStar Indexes Director of Research Joshua Kaplan suggests an Israeli equity discovery could be under way … When we speak to financial advisers about investing in Israel they are often confounded as to how their clients have such little exposure to Israel. The country is one of the most stable and strongest economies in the world with an explosive tech sector. Israeli equities have the potential to be strong alpha generators outside the well-covered large cap space and more informationally-efficient areas of the market. There’s also strong fundamental investment case for Israeli stocks to boot. To learn more about the BlueStar TA-BIGITech Israel Tech ETF (ITEQ), click here. To learn more about the VanEck Vectors Israel ETF (ISRA), click here. And to learn more about BlueStar Indexes, click here. Best, Grant Wasylik Your thoughts on “Invest in the ‘New Silicon Valley’” Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Next → Grant Wasylik Originally from Pennsylvania, Grant graduated from Juniata College with an economics major and accounting minor. Since graduation, Grant has worked in the investment industry for almost two decades by serving in various roles … Prior to coming to… → Recently by Grant Wasylik 05 Apr Invest in the ‘New Silicon Valley’ 29 Mar Investing in Veterans: Life, Liberty & 5% Interest for All 22 Mar A Superb Stock-picker Jumps into the ETF Asset Race 15 Mar A Push for Gender Diversity & a Play to Profit from It Weiss Research Contact Us Uncommon Wisdom Daily 4400 Northcorp Parkway Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 Copyright © 2017 Uncommon Wisdom Daily | Contact | Privacy | Terms | Advertising
Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Education Food and Water Safety Agriculture Infectious Diseases Public Health Respiratory Diseases and Disorders Pharmaceuticals All Journal News Technology Physics Cybersecurity U.S. Politics Influenza West Nile Virus Ebola Zika Virus U.S. Supreme Court Tsunami U.S. National Security Terrorism  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Expert Directory Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions American Psychological Association (APA) University of Portsmouth Human Computation Institute NYU Langone Medical Center Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania University of Manitoba Arizona State University (ASU) American Academy of Neurology (AAN) About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   < Previous Article Return to Article List Next Article > IU's Kelley School Establishing Personal Leadership Center to Coach Business Professionals Draws upon expertise of a dozen Kelley faculty and professional staff members who are certified executive coaches Article ID: 672373 Released: 4-Apr-2017 9:00 AM EDT Source Newsroom: Indiana University Add to Favorites more news from this source Share MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CHANNELS Business Ethics, Economics, Education, Entrepreneurship KEYWORDS Executive Coaching, Executive Coach, Leadership, Kelley School Of Business Credit: Indiana University Ray Luther Newswise — BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Individualized coaching is a key part of graduate and undergraduate degree programs at Indiana University’s Kelley School of Business. But with the establishment of a new leadership center, the Kelley School will offer personalized executive coaching to business professionals looking to meet personal and business goals. “This is an extension of our DNA,” said Ray Luther, executive director of the new Center for Coaching Excellence and Personal Leadership. “Kelley as a culture and as a community is a big coaching community. We’ve done a very good job of making this the heart of what we do, as demonstrated by our investments in coaching for our students. “We look forward to building on that legacy and expanding on it to serve the needs of top professionals,” said Luther, who also co-directs the Kelley Full-Time MBA Program's Leadership Academy. The center draws upon established resources from across the school, including a dozen professional staff and faculty members at Kelley who have completed the most rigorous coach training and certification program in the industry, offered by the Coaches Training Institute. They also will be certified by the International Coaching Federation. Center clients will work directly on professional development goals closely aligned with their career objectives. Ultimately, the center will provide “concierge coaching,” a premium service that may include systemic elements from Kelley, such as communications and technical business coaching by Kelley faculty. Clients are in positions as corporate directors and above in their organizations. Luther, an IU Kelley MBA alumnus, returned to the school in 2009 after spending nearly 12 years as consumer products leader at Procter & Gamble and after serving as an officer in the U.S. Army's 3rd Infantry Division. He credits his military service for generating his passion for coaching and leadership growth. At Kelley, he has worked with hundreds of MBA students, focusing on their professional development throughout their experience in the program. His LinkedIn blog has more than 2,500 followers. He has written about topics such as servant leadership, creativity in management and how executives can respond to setbacks. Services will be offered through Kelley Executive Partners, the school’s executive education arm. Ron Thomas, Kelley Executive Partners' executive director, has more than 20 years in the executive education industry designing and conducting custom management and executive education programs and services. "The coaching industry has grown exponentially over the last decade," Thomas said. "With the need for high-quality executive coaching expressed by our clients, coupled with the coaching expertise and culture here at Kelley, it made perfect sense to add this to our product and service offerings at Kelley Executive Partners." This new initiative is a continuation of efforts by the Kelley School to improve individualized professional development at every level of instruction. The Kelley Compass program at the undergraduate level, Me Inc. in the residential MBA program and Propel in the online Kelley Direct MBA program each combine individualized academic and career advising that helps students develop a career and life plan. Others have recognized the value of these innovations. The Economist consistently has ranked Kelley's career services operation in the top 10 worldwide, including a No. 7 ranking in 2017. Kelley ranks highly among corporate recruiters and was No. 1 among all public universities and fourth overall in Bloomberg Businessweek's latest 2016 rankings of undergraduate programs. “For years, the Kelley School has prided itself on its ability -- at all levels -- to coach students," Luther said. "We’re well known for our ability to use the power of one-on-one coaching to improve the lives of everyone we interact with. Our coaches also bring with them wonderful industry experience to share." Luther, who received his certification at the Hudson Institute of Coaching, said many people erroneously equate executive coaching with the approach used to direct athletes. In sports, it's about the coach's agenda. In executive coaching, the coach has a process, but the client owns the agenda. Instead of telling people what they should do, it's much more about "leading from behind," using meaningful questions that help clients reflect and find answers that challenge assumptions. Citing an example of a current client, Luther said, "I'm working with a V-level executive who wants to become a C-level executive in IT, and part of what we're working on is how do they start showing up as the C-level executive, so the board and others start to see them perform in that capacity. "Most managers give advice and think they're coaching people," Luther said. "Coaching is working off the client's agenda and is about forming a partnership with the person and helping them to achieve the goals that they see as important. "A lot of managers focus on the quality equation -- 'let me tell you what's right or wrong,'" he added. "While we work through that, for me it's more about how do I coach a person's commitment to their own quality of an idea. We help our clients to appreciate how they can see that idea through a different perspective and understanding the importance of their own level of commitment to their idea." Luther, Thomas and others involved in executive coaching at Kelley actively work with alumni. They hope they can leverage that service as part of a greater plan to create a mechanism for working with alumni at their firms and where they are today in their post-MBA careers, as well as other corporate clients. “We coach alumni informally through a great number of phone calls -- what I would call spot coaching -- and maintain a deep relationship with a lot of key players," Luther said. "That’s continuous. If you’re a Kelley, then you’re always a Kelley, and the family takes care of each other. As we expand outward, we’d like to work more formally with these alumni at their firms.” Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2017 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 0.4485 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JAB's Billionaire Backers Want to Create a Global Coffee Empire by David De Jong @DamscoDave More stories by David De Jong December 7, 2015, 1:56 PM EST December 7, 2015, 4:40 PM EST $13.9 billion bid for Keurig Green Mountain challenges Nestle BDT Capital's Byron Trott part of JAB's well-connected network Keurig Brews $13.9 Billion Deal With JAB Holding JAB Holding Co. wants to rule the coffee world. The closely held investment firm that manages the fortune of Austria’s billionaire Reimann family took another step toward that goal Monday by acquiring Keurig Green Mountain Inc. for almost $14 billion in the industry’s biggest-ever deal. The Luxembourg-based group, known as JAB, has spent more than $30 billion in the past four years acquiring coffee companies in the U.S. and Europe to challenge global leader Nestle SA. Run by a trio of well-connected executives with decades of experience in food and beverage, JAB has bought assets including D.E Master Blenders 1753 NV, Mondelez International Inc.’s coffee unit and high-end chain Peet’s Coffee & Tea. “This is part of a much, much bigger strategy. JAB wants to be the Budweiser of the coffee space,” Pablo Zuanic, a Susquehanna Financial Group analyst, said, referring to Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, the world’s biggest brewer. “Just as you’ve seen Bud consolidate beer, they want to consolidate coffee.” Alongside coffee, the three men -- Peter Harf, Bart Becht and Olivier Goudet -- invest the $16 billion Reimann fortune in a variety of consumer-goods companies such as fragrance maker Coty Inc. and Durex condom maker Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc. The trio is also involved in some of the year’s biggest deals, from Coty’s $12.5 billion acquisition of some Procter & Gamble Co. beauty brands to AB InBev’s $110 billion takeover of SABMiller Plc. While the JAB trio control well-known brands including Peet’s, Jimmy Choo shoes and Douwe Egberts java, they’re not household names. The four billionaire Reimann siblings who entrust JAB with their fortunes are even less visible. Renate Reimann-Haas, 64; Wolfgang Reimann, 63; Stefan Reimann-Andersen, 52; and Matthias Reimann-Andersen, 50, have individual net worths of $4.1 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Seeking a favorable tax environment for the Reimanns, Harf moved their family offices to Vienna from Ludwigshafen, Germany, in 2006. The family traded their German passports for Austrian ones. Transformed Company Harf, a 69-year-old German, led JAB for almost a quarter century, during which he transformed a sleepy chemical company into a consumer-goods investor with stakes in Reckitt Benckiser, Coty and Jimmy Choo Plc. He brought in Dutchman Becht, 59, who ran Reckitt Benckiser before joining JAB as chairman in 2011. Goudet, 50, a Frenchman who’s now JAB’s CEO, was chief financial officer of candy maker Mars Inc. Harf met Goudet on the board of beermaker AB InBev, of which Goudet is chairman. Goudet developed JAB’s coffee strategy, Harf has told Bloomberg News. Coffee Gains Price wars and health concerns have dented sales of grocery items from soda to soup. The coffee market, meanwhile, is expanding at about 5 percent a year, according to data tracker Euromonitor. Sales of single-serve capsules, delivered by machines made by Keurig and Nestle’s Nespresso unit, are rising at more than twice that rate. Becht was an early investor in Keurig, which went public in 1993 under the name Green Mountain Coffee Roasters. He later sold those shares. JAB’s coffee play has some deep-pocketed backers. Byron Trott, chairman of investment and advisory firm BDT Capital Partners, has enlisted BDT’s billionaire clients -- including Colombian beer billionaire Alejandro Santo Domingo -- to invest in JAB’s coffee deals. Harf, the former chairman of AB InBev, tapped two of the brewer’s founding families. Challenging Nestle JAB’s challenge to Switzerland’s Nestle began in June 2012, when it bought a stake in Amsterdam-based D.E Master Blenders 1753, which makes Douwe Egberts. It bought the whole company a year later for $10.4 billion, then followed with a $5 billion cash deal for Mondelez’s coffee unit. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up This year JAB combined the Mondelez business -- the world’s second-largest coffee maker -- and No. 3 Master Blenders into a new company called Jacobs Douwe Egberts. JAB also runs a number of coffee-shop chains in the U.S., including Peet’s, Caribou Coffee Inc., and Einstein Noah Restaurant Group Inc. What it lacked, and has now in Keurig, is a strong position in the single-serve coffee market, the industry’s fastest-growing segment. “Overall, JAB is clearly aiming to build a global powerhouse in coffee and is now adding more extensive single-serve expertise,” said Jon Cox, an analyst at Kepler Cheuvreux. Zuanic, the Susquehanna analyst, said JAB likely has more deals up its sleeve, and its next move might be to acquire Dunkin’ Brands Group Inc., owner of Dunkin’ Donuts. Becht, speaking in an interview in November 2014, said: “Nothing is excluded, ever.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Keurig to Go Private in $13.9 Billion Buyout Led by JAB Coffee Harvest in Vietnam Moves Slowly as Prices Extend Decline The King of Little Italian Coffees Prepares a Big Push for American Connoisseurs Most Read Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Young Americans Are Killing Marriage These Are the World’s 50 Best Restaurants Global Shipping Fleet Braces for Chaos of $60 Billion Fuel Shock Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Cook DeKalb DuPage Kane Kendall Lake McHenry McLean Metro East Peoria Tazewell Winnebago Woodford Weather Forecast 41° Rain News Cook County DeKalb County DuPage County Kane County Kendall County Lake County Madison County McHenry County McLean County Metro East Peoria County St. Clair County Tazewell County Winnebago County Woodford County Agriculture News State News Public Notices Cook DeKalb DuPage Kane Kendall Lake Madison McHenry McLean Peoria St. Clair Tazwell Winnebago Woodford View Public Notices Submit a Notice Government Lifestyle E-Editions Cook County Chronicle FreeShopper Subscribe Chronicle newspaper subscriptions Cook County Chronicle digital edition Find a Copy Contact Contact Us Advertise   News + Cook County DeKalb County DuPage County Kane County Kendall County Lake County Madison County McHenry County McLean County Metro East Peoria County St. Clair County Tazewell County Winnebago County Woodford County Agriculture News State News Public Notices + Cook DeKalb DuPage Kane Kendall Lake Madison McHenry McLean Peoria St. Clair Tazwell Winnebago Woodford View Public Notices Submit a Notice Government Lifestyle E-Editions + Cook County Chronicle FreeShopper Subscribe + Chronicle newspaper subscriptions Cook County Chronicle digital edition Find a Copy Contact + Contact Us Advertise GOOD HOUSEKEEPING REPORTS: Your beauty problems, solved April 5, 2017 The right brush is key when it comes to properly applying powder, blush or bronzer. (Photo by Christopher Coppola/Studio D) Good Housekeeping’s beauty pros have tried-and-trusted solutions for your most frustrating makeup, skin and hair issues.   Problem Skin: I got new bangs, and now my forehead is breaking out. Solution: The oil from your hair touching your skin is likely the culprit. Between washes, minimize bangs’ grease — and keep fringe looking fresh — with a spritz of oil-absorbing dry shampoo (try Beauty Lab test winner L’Oreal Professionnel Fresh Dust Hair Powder/Dry Shampoo, $24, us.lorealprofessionnel.com). If you tend to go days without shampooing, spot-clean bangs in the sink by pulling hair back, dampening them with a wet brush, dabbing on shampoo and then rinsing and drying.   Problem Lips: Bold lips are so pretty, but I’m afraid to try red. Solution: The best way to experiment with a high-impact or bright shade is to use a sheer lip crayon, said Daniel Martin, a creative color consultant for Honest Beauty. Its pointed tip is easy to draw on lips with, and “you’ll get a hydrated feeling with a punch of color.” A Beauty Lab favorite: GH Seal star Neutrogena MoistureSmooth Color Stick ($8).   Problem Skin: My skin is super dry, but nothing seems to hydrate it! Solution: Not all body moisturizers are created equal. For one to be effective, it must contain two types of ingredients: Humectants (like glycerin), which draw water from the air into skin, and occlusives (such as shea butter and cocoa butter), which form an invisible barrier to trap that moisture as well as what’s already in your skin so it doesn’t evaporate, explained GH Beauty Lab Director Birnur Aral, Ph.D. For the right combo, try GH Seal picks Olay Ultra Moisture Body Lotion ($6) and the richer Aquaphor Healing Ointment ($16).   Problem Eyes: My mascara always clumps! Solution: Avoid volumizing formulas. Generally, mascaras labeled “defining” or “lengthening” tend to have less of the thickening properties that cause buildup on lashes. In the GH Beauty Lab’s mascara test, the winners at right were found to be the least clumping of all 37 evaluated. Don’t want to switch products? Brush through lashes with a lash comb (like Sonia Kashuk Lash Comb, $5, target.com) or a clean mascara wand once mascara has dried to remove any clumps.   Problem Hair: I stress out if I don’t have matching shampoo and conditioner brands. Solution: Be matchymatchy. “Mixing brands can result in an undesirable texture and under- or over-conditioning, so I recommend using matching formulas,” says Aral. “These are typically developed and tested for efficacy as pairs.” In particular, a P&G study found that following dandruff shampoo with regular conditioner reduced the effects of its flake-fighting ingredient pyrithione zinc; you need to use conditioner that also contains the active ingredient to get the full benefit. Try GH Seal holders Head & Shoulders Classic Clean Shampoo and Conditioner with 3-Action Formula ($6 each).   Problem Cheeks: Blush makes my face look either muddy or clownish. Solution: “You want a blush to mimic your natural flush,” said Cassandra Garcia, an editorial makeup artist for Bobbi Brown Cosmetics. Her suggestions for your skin tone: If you’re fair, try soft pink; medium, poppy peach; dark, a brighter cranberry. The secret to not looking overdone is in the application. “Smile, then glide blush along apples of cheeks, brushing down toward the jawline so color fades into skin,” she said.   Problem Skin: I can’t find the right foundation formula for my skin type. Solution: Getting the best base for your complexion is all about looking for key words on the packaging. Tim Quinn, Giorgio Armani celebrity face designer, shows you how: Dry/aging pick “moisturizing” and “luminous” liquid and cream foundations, like tinted moisturizers and BB and CC creams. Combination, you want a “lightweight” liquid base, topped with “mattifying” powder, on your T-zone. Oily skin? Choose a liquid or a powder labeled “matte.”   ON ANOTHER MATTER … Your Body: Snack Report GH Nutrition director Jaclyn London answers your snacking questions. Q: What’s “clean eating”? It’s all over Facebook. A: The #cleaneating craze may have a health halo, but I don’t love it. When I first started seeing the phrase, it seemed to refer to choosing wholesome foods and quality ingredients and knowing where your food came from — all great! But lately, people have been using the term in misleading (and, frankly, uncool) ways, which can cause more harm than good. The tag appears on foods that aren’t actually nutritious, such as sugary smoothies and greens drowning in fatty dressing. And some use it to food-shame others on social media: Not everyone can find or afford supposedly healthy green juice and protein powder. No one should feel like a failure because of that. Bottom line: Prioritize eating lean proteins and produce, nuts, seeds, legumes and whole grains; this will allow a balanced diet to fall into place. Too many women already feel as if they’re falling short — food should be joyful, not agonizing.   Recalls Alert The following products and vehicles were recalled by the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Unless otherwise indicated, discontinue use of the products immediately and return them to the store where purchased for a refund. For more information about the products, call the manufacturer or CPSC’s toll-free hotline, (800) 638-2772. Only some cars or trucks recalled are affected. Contact a dealer for your model to see if it is included in the recall. The dealer will tell you what to do.   PRODUCT/VEHICLE PROBLEM Discount School Supply/Environments children’s waterproof bibs, sold at DiscountSchoolSupply.com and Environments.com nationwide from January 2008 to October 2016 for about $50 for the pocket bib set, and $70 for the cover-up set. The bib has a waterproof plastic backing that can separate from the terrycloth fabric, creating a suffocation hazard to children. Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled bibs and contact Discount School Supply for a full refund. Discount School Supply is contacting all known purchasers. Consumers can contact Discount School Supply at (800) 338-4430 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, by email at recall@discountschoolsupply.com, or online at www.discountschoolsupply.com. Click on “Product Safety” for more information. Volkswagen 2017 Jetta, equipped with a 1.4L engine These vehicles have an engine that may seize due to an improper casting of the block. If the engine seizes, the wheels may suddenly lock up, causing a loss of vehicle control and increasing the risk of a crash. Volkswagen will either buy back the vehicle or replace the engine block for free. The recall began February 2017. Owners may contact Volkswagen customer service at (800) 893-5298. Volkswagen’s number for this recall is 10F4.   © Hearst Communications Inc. Distributed by King Features Syndicate   Tagged with: chronicle media Chronicleillinois.com chroniclemedia.com Illinois Ad 1 – 300×250 – Google ROS Ad 2 – 300×250 – Medianet ROS Contact Us Advertise with Us Find a Copy Legal Notices Privacy Policy Copyright © Chronicle Media, LLC.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Home Home Bloomberg Businessweek Share on Facebook Share on Twitter What Would Jesus Disrupt? Entrepreneurs from Cincinnati’s Crossroads Church try to scale their startups without selling their souls. Brian Tome, senior pastor at Crossroads, appears in a recorded message during a service in Cincinnati. Photographer: Josh Anderson for Bloomberg Businessweek by Mya Frazier More stories by Mya Frazier April 5, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT From Subscribe Reprints For two days, the crowd sits in darkness in plush theater seats, watching the church stage. There are smoke machines and LED screens, harnessed climbers scaling a scaffold “mountain” and raising their arms in symbolic victory over the startup world’s arduous climb. There’s talk of destiny-defining “exits.” Of Jesus and his disciples: “The most successful startup in history!” Of the parable of the talents, in which two servants are lauded by their master for turning a profit with money he staked them: “The first recorded instance of venture capital and investment banking in history!” Of ancient business elites: “A church is the oldest marketplace in the history of the world.” Of the promised land of angel investing, where divinely inspired entrepreneurs dwell: “Because God creates things, too!” Mark Burnett, the producer of The Apprentice and Shark Tank, shows up to remind everyone that “the Bible is full of merchants and people doing work.” At last, near the end of Unpolished 2015, a faith and entrepreneurship conference hosted by Crossroads, an evangelical church in Cincinnati, the marquee event begins: the final round of a pitch contest. Organizers have selected three prospective company founders out of more than 100 entrants, each of whom submitted a minute-long video pitch deck. One of the finalists, Lyden Foust, a 25-year-old ethnographer, presents his entry on the LED screens flanking the church stage. With his chiseled jawline, tightly trimmed beard, and three-button henley, he looks like an L.L. Bean model, save perhaps for his rectangular glasses. In a voice-over, he describes his vision to divide the world’s cities by “vibe,” calling his idea “Google Maps wearing a mood ring.” The cityscape of Nashville rolls past, overlaid in swaths of color: blue for blue-collar neighborhoods, brown for yuppie ones, green for hipster, purple for commercial, teal for family, yellow for artsy. Every successful pitch deck, like every successful religion, includes an origin story, and Foust’s is no different. He recounts booking a place in Nashville through Airbnb Inc., only to find the house situated between a strip club and a manufacturing plant. While retrieving something from his car, he turned to see a man pointing a gun at his face. “I just handed him my wallet,” Foust says. The robbery led to an epiphany: Why not mine social data to tell people what a neighborhood is really like? The idea isn’t entirely new: An app that launched in 2014 with a similar aim (albeit a different crowd-sourcing methodology), SketchFactor, foundered after being widely criticized for appearing to help white people avoid black neighborhoods. But at this point, Foust’s product is pure concept. He has no employees to build it, only a name, Spatial. The other finalists pitch a family-run app-development company and a board-game-rental app; then the judging is turned over to the audience of 1,200 aspiring entrepreneurs. Foust’s idea prevails, and Brian Tome, Crossroads’ senior pastor, hands him an oversize check for $3,000. Soon after, Foust will begin the next stage of the church’s path to entrepreneurial success, applying for a spot in a member-funded, Bible-based accelerator program, beginning in a few months, that’s designed to train startups in how to raise money and grow. Finally, the house lights come up. At the end of the aisles, attendants await, holding pails overflowing with packets of apple seeds. “God’s placed a seed in you. And he wants to see it come to fruitfulness,” Tome says to the crowd, his spiked and styled dirty-blond hair and untucked plaid shirt lending him the air of an aging film star. Bowing his head, he prays, asking God to lead everyone to “the right seed that will bring forth the right fruit at the right time in every business.” It’s a remarkable altar call: Those who feel inspired are to take these seeds from the attendants and go forth, claiming their spiritual destinies … as entrepreneurs. At the edge of the waist-high stage, people mingle, hugging and holding hands. Others bow their head or kneel under the outstretched hands of strangers to receive prayer. Foust joins them, walking down the aisle and asking for blessings and prayers at the start of his entrepreneurship journey. The accelerator and, across the street, the church. Photographer: Josh Anderson for Bloomberg Businessweek Named the fastest-growing church in America in 2015, Crossroads has been described by the Cincinnati Business Courier as both an entrepreneurial church and a church for entrepreneurs. Indeed, it was originally a startup—or more accurately an unofficial spinoff from Procter & Gamble Co., the $65 billion conglomerate based downtown, a few freeway exits south of the main church. In 1990, Brian Wells, a brand manager for Clearasil, started a singles Bible study with a P&G power couple, Vivienne Lee Bechtold, then a brand manager in beauty care, and Jim Bechtold, a marketing executive. The group, which met at the Bechtolds’ home, quickly grew to more than 100 people. Eventually the singles started marrying and having children, and Jim Bechtold asked Wells one morning, while the two carpooled to work, whether it made sense to start a church. Over the next few months, a core of 11 people, some of whom had helped build billion-dollar consumer brands, reimagined church as one might expect P&G executives to do. (The company more or less invented brand management, and it’s been a prime breeding ground for business talent—Microsoft ex-CEO Steve Ballmer, Intuit’s Scott Cook, HP’s Meg Whitman, and GE’s Jeffrey Immelt, among many others, are all P&G alumni.) They gathered demographic data on Cincinnatians’ churchgoing habits, with a focus on the city’s affluent east side, which includes the P&G enclave suburbs of Hyde Park and Oakley. They scoured secular popular music and TV comedies for tips on how to keep churchgoers’ attention. They settled on a target demographic, 25- to 35-year-old males, figuring that if they could get the guy, they would get his wife. They wrote brand positioning statements—a church for friends who don’t like church; a church for people who’ve given up on church. Finally they built a slide deck featuring a mix of data and Scripture and began raising money from friends, family, and business connections. Tome. Photographer: Josh Anderson for Bloomberg Businessweek In the spring of 1996, Tome led Crossroads’ first official service, speaking before more than 450 people at a rented auditorium in a local junior high school. Five years later, its rolls swelling, the church purchased a vacant big-box store, using the homes of some senior leaders as collateral. Crossroads spent millions converting the space into a 3,500-seat auditorium with two balcony tiers and enough stage lights to rival a Broadway theater. Today, the church has nine locations in the greater Cincinnati area (with another opening soon), some 30,000 congregants, an annual operating budget of $33 million, and a staff of 274 people, many with ties to P&G. Among the employees is a 75-person “experience team,” the equivalent of an in-house advertising agency, whose branding efforts encompass direct-marketing campaigns, in-church clicker surveys, and customized stage sets aligned with sermon themes. The church also has a labs division—essentially a two-person market-research team led by a corporate brand ethnographer. Its eight satellite churches operate almost as franchises, all of them mirroring the main branch’s tailored signage and other brand imagery. Congregants all watch the same sermons, which are telecast from the main church to the satellites with a brief delay. Crossroads is even in the mergers-and-acquisitions game, having lately acquired (its officials prefer the term “adopted”) a church in Lexington, Ky., with 2,500 members and four locations. In recent years, Crossroads’ version of the prosperity gospel has begun to borrow from Silicon Valley’s. The church included the pitch contest at Unpolished 2015, its inaugural entrepreneurship conference, and that same year some of its members created a for-profit angel-investment wing, Ocean Capital, and the nonprofit Ocean Accelerator Inc., whose mandate is to “increase God’s presence in the marketplace.” Ocean Capital’s first fund, of $230,000, was seeded entirely by six Crossroads members. Ocean Accelerator got an early boost from Crossroads’ annual Beans & Rice Week, when congregants forgo regular meals in favor of beans and rice, then donate the savings to the church. Traditionally, the money goes mainly to fighting the city’s homelessness and heroin epidemics, but in 2015 the church put $120,000 toward the accelerator, a significant share of the program’s operating expenses. Selected entrepreneurs would embark on five-month residencies, and each startup would receive $25,000 from Ocean Capital. (The amount rose to $35,000 in 2016 and $50,000 in 2017.) Also included were free office space and access to dozens of spiritual and business mentors from the church’s membership rolls, a who’s who of Cincinnati’s—and America’s—corporate elite. One rainy morning in February 2016, Foust and founders from eight other startups, some of them fellow Crossroads members, are gathered before a whiteboard for a talk called “Developing Intellectual Capital.” The speaker is Todd Henry, a longtime Crossroads member and motivational guru who promotes himself as an “arms dealer of the creative revolution.” Ocean Accelerator is across the street from the Crossroads headquarters, in a converted car dealership owned by the church. Among the participants in the accelerator’s second cohort are an app offering restaurant discounts, a social network for sports fans, a recruiting tool matching employees with companies according to cultural fit, a site connecting college athletes with high school students for personal training, and an online auction site for churches to sell used goods. Only one of the nine startups is solely headed by a woman, who’s from London. For a few weeks now, each team has been attending daily spiritual seminars and weekly Bible studies, working from long tables in an open-air room. They’re all preparing for Demo Day, a couple of months hence, when they’ll stand on the Crossroads stage and give five-minute pitches to an audience of venture capitalists and angel investors. Photographer: Josh Anderson for Bloomberg Businessweek With Foust at Ocean is Will Kiessling, a 35-year-old developer who left a job writing software for jet-engine tests at General Electric Co. to become a partner at Spatial (since formally renamed Spatial Labs). The two met years earlier at events in the city’s startup scene but only really got to talking after bumping into each other at church one Sunday. “Not only did we have this commonality of startups,” Foust says, “but we both loved Jesus.” Henry, dressed in a crisp white oxford and bluejeans, begins his talk by asking how entrepreneurs might turn thoughts into value. He cites Warren Buffett, who reportedly spends four to five hours a day reading, as someone who wrests profits from the market by analyzing what’s going on in the world. We have this ability, Henry says, “to co-create new things, to partner with God in transforming creation.” He points out that pattern recognition is crucial for a successful startup, as is understanding what he terms the law of the harvest: “Many of us, especially as entrepreneurs, we live in perpetual harvest mode, constantly trying to reap gain, and some of that is because our investors are telling us, ‘We want to see a return,’ ” he says. “The problem is when you are living in perpetual harvest mode, you aren’t taking the time to go back and plant seeds and cultivate seeds.” He calls on the entrepreneurs to see God as the source of wisdom and Jesus as a brilliant thinker with a “deep systematic understanding of life,” skilled in the practice of pattern recognition. This message resonates with Foust’s original concept for Spatial, which was, in essence, to identify social media and crime-data patterns to help people “navigate like a local” in unknown cities. But as the accelerator unfolds over the next three months, he runs into technical and ethical problems with that goal. Early iterations of the service compile a “heat map” of different areas in cities, using crime data on specific neighborhoods in addition to social data. The approach has clear racial implications; not only are the sweeps of color reminiscent of decades of redlining in black neighborhoods, the data might have integrated biases prevalent on social media into Spatial’s mapping platform. After a few months, Foust and Kiessling drop crime data completely. “People were talking about not going to a certain part of a city because it looked like there was a lot of crime there. It made me realize that’s not what I wanted people to do,” Foust says. More than the Bible, he credits Jane Jacobs’s classic book The Death and Life of Great American Cities for the insight. Invoking Jacobs, he cites three questions that best indicate neighborhood safety: “Are there lights on the streets? Are there eyes on the streets? And does the community know each other? None of those things are in crime data. It wasn’t solving the problem.” Instead, Foust concludes that people want something much simpler: quick and decisive answers about where to go. “They couldn’t care less about, ‘Is this an artsy area?’ It was less about experience and more about ‘Can you just get me to the right place, right now?’ ” As the product takes shape and Foust prepares to move from the concept phase to fundraising, a more explicitly spiritual question begins to nag at him: “How do you raise money like Jesus?” Foust has attended Crossroads for five years, but his evangelical faith began when he was a child growing up in a devout household on a tree farm in Paris, a town in northeast Ohio. He’s heard from other entrepreneurs how brutal fundraising can be. You’re going to have to sell your soul, they warn. You’re going to have to lie. To forestall this, he starts a reading group with five other founders. The book they choose is secular: Venture Deals: Be Smarter Than Your Lawyer and Venture Capitalist, by Brad Feld and Jason Mendelson. For five weeks, every Friday afternoon, the participants meet, discussing term sheets and the ins and outs of investor control over startups. The book demystifies the process for the group, but it doesn’t help with the concern about integrity. After a few sessions, Foust decides that Jesus’ first words in the New Testament, from Mark 1:15, best address his fears: “The time has come,” Jesus says. “The kingdom of God has come near. Repent and believe the good news!” In the verse, Jesus has just been baptized, and he’s emerging from the desert to begin his ministry. Describing the passage later, Foust invokes the Greek translation, interpreting “time” not as chronos, chronological time, but as kairos, the “right or opportune moment.” The word for “repent,” he continues, means “to turn away from” or “to change one’s mind.” The etymology leads him to a decidedly contemporary exegesis of the verse. “The kingdom of God was Jesus’ startup,” he says. “A new future he was selling to people. And that’s the same thing I’m saying as a startup founder—a moment of time has come, and there’s a new future for us.” Ocean Accelerator. Photographer: Josh Anderson for Bloomberg Businessweek Buoyed by this insight, Foust arrives in April to present at Demo Day. Following an early morning group prayer, he strides onto the stage at Crossroads in front of an audience of more than 1,000 people. He’s wearing jeans and a tight-fitting gray T-shirt emblazoned with the Spatial logo—the company name in a sans-serif typeface, with the letters’ midsection blanked out by a horizontal bar—to pitch to 30 potential investors. The LED screen behind him displays ominous, looping swirls of dark blue ocean waves behind the Ocean logo. The origin story he tells is familiar, but he explains how Spatial’s model has evolved, describing its patent-pending algorithm, Luminate, which he says will create a layer of social data around cities, or a “third dimension of maps.” Among its possible markets, he says, are travel booking companies, who might pay for click-thrus to vacation rentals and other services. He suggests that Spatial could increase booking rates on sites such as Airbnb and FlipKey, which he claims fail to turn 95 percent of their visitors into customers. “Think of the millions they are leaving on the table,” he says. In recent weeks, as Spatial has begun promoting its solution, Foust tells the audience, 10 companies have started using its data. These clients are mostly early-stage startups, including PoshPacker in Washington, D.C., a hotel-booking site that targets people who want a “hip and high-end-like travel experience.” Foust displays screen shots of maps from PoshPacker’s site: Areas popular with the LGBT community are highlighted in puffs of purple. Orange puffs represent foodie zones. Foust says PoshPacker has doubled its conversion rate since deploying the Luminate algorithm (though the company will later go out of business). “The day of static maps is over,” he concludes. The others go through their pitches, and afterward everyone gathers in another cavernous auditorium to drink craft beer with the investors. By design, no startup talks terms on Demo Day, says Scott Weiss, a retired corporate chief executive officer who serves as Ocean Accelerator’s volunteer CEO and chairman. “Our core approach is developing the capability and training them to raise money,” he says. But, Weiss adds, “If you are a Christian and you want to produce in your faith, Ocean teaches you how to raise money in a Christian way and that there’s got to be an ethical standard to doing that. … We teach them to pick your investors with care and to be very careful, because you are going to be married a very long time.” Scott Weiss, CEO of Ocean Accelerator. Photographer: Josh Anderson for Bloomberg Businessweek For Crossroads, embracing the gospel of Silicon Valley isn’t solely about money; it’s also about bringing the next generation into the church. Ocean Accelerator offers a way to reckon with two converging trends: growing anxiety about jobs and a decline in church attendance among young people. “Up until the millennial generation, there was inherent faith in large corporations, social enterprises, and governments to drive employment,” Weiss says. “But this millennial group has come along and said, ‘No, no. It’s actually my responsibility to create jobs.’ ” In his sermons, Tome, the senior pastor, frequently mentions job growth and lionizes entrepreneurs. “A business endeavor is close to the heart of God and every bit as important as anything else on God’s green earth,” he recently preached. Sitting in the church lobby a few weeks later, he describes entrepreneurship as an ancient practice with Biblical roots. Jesus constantly used business metaphors in his parables, he says, and founded the “first multinational corporate entity.” The emphasis appears to be working: According to a survey Crossroads conducted in the fall, 43 percent of adults who’d joined the church in the previous two years were age 18 to 35. And the accelerator’s startup classes are showing some early financial promise. Fifteen of the 19 startups that have gone through Ocean in its first two years have survived, raising a combined $6 million and creating 66 jobs. In keeping with their goals of appealing to younger generations and tapping into the widest possible market, Weiss and the other officials are working to diversify their roster of startup founders. At the close of 2016, Ocean announced its next seven companies. Two of the startups are led by women, and four are international—one of these, Owl Labs, which is building a prosthetic hand that incorporates machine learning, is headed by three entrepreneurs from Sudan. These founders may soon have a larger investment pool from which to draw. Ocean Capital is planning this summer to raise $1.6 million for a new fund, its third. With the money, it will seed three more accelerator classes, keeping the program running until at least 2020. Crossroads is also increasing its commitment; having donated nearly a quarter of a million dollars to Ocean Accelerator for the program’s first two years, the church plans to give an additional $420,000 in 2017. (The money will also help cover the next Unpolished conference, which the accelerator is taking over.) Secular organizations are getting in on the action, too: The foundation of PNC Financial Services Group is donating to the accelerator, and Fifth Third Bancorp is the lead sponsor of Unpolished 2017. Members watch a musical performance during a service at Crossroads. Photographer: Josh Anderson for Bloomberg Businessweek In the months after participating in Ocean, Foust and Kiessling gain admittance to another accelerator, a highly competitive secular one, TechStars Mobility, in Detroit. The experience is much different: For one, they sleep on bunk beds in a house shared by founders from 12 other startups. For another, Foust later recalls, “God never came up.” The pace is breakneck: The first month, called Mentor Madness, requires the pair to talk with 150 different people about Spatial. The second month consists of dozens of sales presentations. By the time Foust takes the stage for TechStars’ Demo Day, following the third month’s arduous vetting process, Spatial’s business model has shifted yet again, to target the automobile navigation market. The work he and Kiessling have put in—fueled by the $120,000 stake they received for winning entry to the accelerator—pays off in a more polished product and presentation. The robbery anecdote remains, but the colored swaths are gone; instead, hexagons appear in response to a driver’s commands. A request for family-friendly educational events, for example, produces teal hexagons and info on a museum show. A request for a bar with sunset views prompts a digital assistant to suggest a steakhouse on the 72nd floor of a skyscraper downtown: “Would you like me to route you there?” she asks. Then comes the big reveal: the Ford Motor Co. logo, filling an entire slide. Foust announces a partnership with the automotive giant, and the auditorium erupts in cheers. The news comes as Spatial is preparing to kick off its first fundraising round. Originally the plan is to raise $500,000, but the deal with Ford’s Smart Mobility subsidiary helps Foust’s company meet that target almost immediately, and more people want in. A few weeks on, in late September, I meet with Kiessling in a tiny conference room at Ocean, where Spatial is renting space temporarily. As we talk, he points to a clear-glass dry-erase board where financial scenarios have been hashed out. “We raised more money and got more people to agree to give us money than we thought we could get,” Kiessling says. “Now it’s kind of like, we have to go back.” To let more people in, Spatial will have to dilute the equity percentages Foust originally offered, without giving up too much of his own equity—and control—in the process. “How do you negotiate that, and do that in kind of a biblical way?” Kiessling asks. Foust is away in Detroit, renegotiating the terms. He recounts later that things went smoothly: “Everyone unanimously said yes, because from an investor standpoint it was less risky.” At other points in the process, he says, “investors offered us a lot of money, and they were in it for the money and not for our vision, and we had to turn down some money. We retained our vision, and we didn’t sell our soul and didn’t have to lie to raise money.” By the end of October, Spatial has attracted more investment—$1.8 million, including $190,000 from Ocean Capital—than any other Ocean Accelerator startup. Foust and Kiessling reopen the round one more time for two investors eager to get in on the ground floor, bringing the total raised to $2.1 million. A few months later, Spatial opens an office in Cincinnati’s Over-the-Rhine neighborhood, where many of the city’s startups are located, and hires three more employees. The company also has an office in Detroit; while there, Foust and Kiessling sleep on the same bunk beds they did over the summer. And Foust is flying regularly to Palo Alto, establishing a footprint for the company and meeting potential clients there. He won’t say what deals might be in the works, but the immediate goal isn’t to build Spatial into the next unicorn or make a lucrative exit. “I feel like now, even more so than before, I’m having to submit to God’s will, because it’s getting bigger and bigger. You think when you raise a bunch of money, you’d become more confident, but that’s not the case. It gets harder,” he says. “Now we have a bunch of people who believe in us and work for us, and we have to make sure they are taken care of as well.” —With reporting supported by the McGraw Center for Business Journalism at the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Top WBENC Consumer Companies Join Together for the First Time in Collective Initiative to Source from Women-Owned Businesses BENTONVILLE, Ark., Mar. 30 /CSRwire/ – Walmart announced today that they are one of nine corporations joining in a collaborative effort to track and report sourcing from self-identified and certified women-owned businesses (WOBs) over the next five years. This marks the first time the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), the largest third-party certifier of businesses owned, controlled and operated by women in the U.S., will launch a formal initiative to publicly report aggregated spending on WOBs. Walmart helped form this unified front of major corporations, including Campbell Soup Company, The Coca-Cola Company, ExxonMobil, General Mills, Johnson & Johnson, Mondelēz International, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble, in order to create a more visible movement and raise awareness for the importance of sourcing from women-owned businesses. Walmart made the announcement on behalf of the other companies involved and WBENC at Walmart’s Women’s Economic Empowerment (WEE) Summit in Washington, D.C., a convening of leaders from business, government, NGOs and academia to discuss and celebrate the achievements of women’s empowerment. “Creating economic opportunity and growth is central to who we are as a company,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. “We are proud to be part of this important initiative, and together we can make an even bigger impact in elevating these successful women-owned businesses. Our customers care where products are sourced, and we believe supporting women-owned businesses helps us put innovative products on our shelves while helping these businesses thrive and grow.” “Campbell is proud to join this collaborative effort in order to raise awareness and foster more opportunities for female business owners,” said Denise Morrison, president and CEO, Campbell Soup Company. “One of the core values of our company is to ‘seek the power of different’ and we are committed to assemble a supplier base that reflects the diversity of the consumers and communities we serve.” “Empowering women entrepreneurs and women-owned firms is smart business and smart economics,” said Muhtar Kent, chairman and CEO of The Coca-Cola Company. “Whenever you do the right thing and give businesswomen a real opportunity to compete, this creates a positive ripple effect that allows her to strengthen her company, her family and her community. And stronger families and communities help fuel more growth and opportunity.” “Women and minority-owned businesses are critical to both their communities and our company as they spur economic development and drive growth,” said Irene Rosenfeld, Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz International. “We are proud to support this important initiative, as we continue to strive for inclusion and diversity in our company and women’s empowerment around the world.” „Supporting women-owned businesses and diversity across our suppliers is central to who we are at PepsiCo,” said Indra K. Nooyi, Chairman and CEO of PepsiCo. “Our commitment to diversity is not only a source of pride, it is a source of strength. And it’s part of our broader commitment to what we call Performance with Purpose, our approach to building a healthier, sustainable future for all our stakeholders — from our suppliers to our shareholders to our consumers, customers, employees, and the communities we serve.” „P&G is committed to Gender Equality,” said Carolyn Tastad, group president of P&G’s North America business. „Supplier Diversity has been an important business strategy at P&G in the United States for more than 40 years. We are proud to join this initiative to empower women-owned businesses, as we believe in the power of economic inclusion. When the ownership of our supply base reflects the diversity of our employees, consumers, and stakeholders, our business grows and our community thrives.” “By participating in this initiative, these companies will help fuel innovation and growth for women-owned businesses across the U.S.,” said Pamela Prince-Eason, president and CEO of WBENC. “With women-owned businesses currently supporting the creation or maintenance of 23 million American jobs, investing in their growth means investing in more opportunities for the workforce overall.” The initiative comes at a critical time when women entrepreneurs across a range of countries report having smaller and less diverse networks, leaving them at a disadvantage for growth, innovation and ability to be relevant to a global market (Global Entrepreneurship Monitor). Walmart helped to recruit this initial group of corporations to take part in this initiative and is encouraging others to join as well. This announcement comes on the heels of the culmination of Walmart’s five-year Global WEE Initiative, which included a set of goals to help empower women around the world through sourcing, training and supporting diversity and inclusion. As part of the WEE Initiative, Walmart sourced $20 billion from women-owned businesses in the U.S. and increased sourcing from women-owned businesses internationally. Additionally, in 2014, working with WBENC and WEConnect International, a global network that connects women-owned businesses to qualified buyers around the world, Walmart helped fund the creation of the “Women-Owned” logo which can be used by any woman-owned supplier certified by those organizations at any retailer to highlight their products to consumers. Today, Walmart has more than 1,500 suppliers who identify as women-owned businesses, producing everything from apparel to produce. In addition to participating in this collective initiative, Walmart announced plans to launch a Knowledge Center that will house the key tools, resources, learnings and achievements of the WEE Initiative and help serve as a guide for any company or institution in their work to empower women. For additional details on Walmart’s Global WEE Initiative, visit http://corporate.walmart.com/womensempowerment. About Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Free Webinar, April 5: The 2016 Anti-Slavery Compliance Benchmarking Study – Trends and Good Practices Next PostNext The Importance of UN Sustainable Goals in Corporate Strategies and Reporting Search Recent Posts Trending Report of Resettable Thermal Fuses Market – Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2021 Trending Report of Resettable Thermal Fuses Market – Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2021 Orangehook, Inc. (NUVLD: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change COPsync, Inc. (COYNW: OTC Pink Current) | Venue Change Green Dragon Wood Products, Inc. (GDWP: OTC Pink Current) | Symbol Change Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Cosmetic Ingredients Market by Key Players, Growth, Trends and Applications 2021 Summary Orbis Research Inclusive Report: Global Cosmetic Ingredients Market 2017-2021 Major players in this industry and the key strategies adopted by them to sustain and grow in the studied market. Description Latest Research Report – Global Cosmetic Ingredients Market 2017-2021 The Following Companies as the Key Players in the Global Cosmetic Ingredients Market: AkzoNobel, Ashland, BASF, Clariant, and Evonik Industries. Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: Active Organics, Bayer, Croda International, Eastman Chemical, Emery Oleochemicals, FMC, Pilot Chemical, Procter & Gamble (P&G), Solvay, and United-Guardian Incorporated. Commenting on the report: “The increasing health and wellness trend across the globe has also left its impression on the beauty and personal care products industry. Realizing the growing trend, manufacturers are focusing on developing natural and organic cosmetic products. For instance, Maine Chaga Age-Defying Face Serum uses a unique mushroom-derived formula with high antioxidants and amino acids for younger looking skin. The formula also contains melanin and betulin that, generally, vitamin C serums do not contain. Another company, Pestle & Mortar, has a pure hyaluronic serum product offering that is 100% free of animal-derived raw materials and organic solvent remnants, paraben, propylene glycol, and fragrance, and is not tested on animals.” According to the report, perceptions regarding cosmetics use have changed among male consumers. The increasing emphasis on personal grooming by the male consumer segment is driving the cosmetic ingredients market globally. Hair care products like hair serums are highly popular among male consumers. Male celebrity endorsements are being increasingly used by cosmetics companies to advertise their products. Get a PDF Sample of Global Cosmetic Ingredients Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/199589 Further, the report states that the major challenge in the global cosmetic ingredients market is the dependence on cosmetic product sales. Cosmetic ingredients by themselves are not sold to end-consumers, but they are processed further for the creation of cosmetic products. For consumers, the perception of cosmetics varies in accordance with price and affordability. In addition to complying with regulations posed by governments of different countries and adhering to them, manufacturers also must focus on branding, marketing, and endorsements. Added to this, the multi-region structure of the market creates fluctuations in key raw material costs from one region to another. Political and economic disruptions also have an adverse effect on the global sales and profitability. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. TagsCosmetic Ingredients, Google News, Personal Care, satPRnews, skin care products Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ayurvedic Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Genital Herpes – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 Search Recent Posts DLX, WHITE en DENTSU ontwikkelen gezamenlijk „Micro VR Kit”, een van ‘s werelds kleinste VR-brillen voor smartphones Diet Doc Says hCG Weight Loss Results Come From Extreme Calorie-Restriction, not the Hormone Le chef exécutif honoraire Hirochika Midorikawa s’est vu octroyer « La Coupe d’Or Internationale d’Art Culinaire Marius Dutrey », prix de chef de cuisine français Küchenchef Hirochika Midorikawa mit der Auszeichnung „La Coupe d’Or Internationale d’Art Culinaire Marius Dutrey“ geehrt Honorary Executive Chef Hirochika Midorikawa Was Awarded the French Cuisine Chef Prize, „La Coupe d’Or Internationale d’Art Culinaire Marius Dutrey” Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Disinfectants Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Disinfectants Market is expected to reach around $6.2 billion by 2022. Increasing concerns over the stretch of infectious diseases and increased focus on hygiene are the drivers of the disinfectants market. Increasing demand from healthcare and food industries will continue to drive the market. Aerosol and liquid products are the common disinfectants used in hospitals, although growing number of healthcare facilities are implementing ultraviolet disinfection systems as further measure. North America dominates the global market for disinfectants and is expected to grow at a faster pace during the forecast period. The growth rate in Asia Pacific region is high owing to its growing population as well as standard of living. The increasing demand from developing markets in Asia pacific will also help push the market to new heights. Some of the key players in the disinfectants market include Dow Chemical, Lonza Group, BASF, DuPont, ABC Compounding Co., Inc., The Clorox Company, Ecolab Inc, Procter & Gamble Co, Sealed Air Corporation, 3M Company, SC Johnson & Son Inc, Prestige Brands, Inc, Henkel AG & co. KGaA, Kao Corporation, Medical Chemical Corporation, Metrex Research LLC, ABC Compounding Company, Unilever Plc., and Zep Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/disinfectants-market Types of Disinfectants Covered: • Air disinfectants • Water disinfectants • Surface disinfectants Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/disinfectants-market Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gable Top Cap And Closures Market Industry Trends and Developments 2017 – 2027 Next PostNext Intelligent Transportation Systems Market 2016 Global Trends, Market Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities, and Forecast to 2020 Search Recent Posts Renew Spinal Care announces Strategic Alliance Agreement with SonoSpine Surgery: Alliance of Renew and SonoSpine should treat up to 95% of ALL back and neck pain issues Dr. Ragui Sadek, MD., is recognized by Continental Who’s Who Dr. Natasha R. Chinn is recognized by Continental Who’s Who Market Research Report Store:Europe Water Massage Tables Market Report 2017 Fingerprint Sensors Market – Global Analysis &amp; Forecast 2017 to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Nanomaterials In Cosmetic And Personal Care Market: Asia-Pacific Industry Size, Analysis, Innovation, Overview, Growth, Share and Forecasts Latest industry research report on: Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials In Cosmetic And Personal Care Market | Industry Size, Share, Research, Reviews, Analysis, Strategies, Demand, Growth, Segmentation, Parameters, Forecasts Geographically, this report split Asia-Pacific into several key Regions, with sales (K MT), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), including China Japan South Korea Taiwan India Southeast Asia Australia Request For Sample Report @ www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/1045499 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including LOreal Procter and Gamble Johnson and Johnson Zelens Anna Pegova Revlon Dermazone Solution Chanel Skinceuticals Estee Lauder Shiseido Garnier On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K MT), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/MT), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Inorganic Nanomaterials Organic Nanomaterials On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume (K MT), market share and growth rate of Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care for each application, includin Skin Care Products Sunscreen Drug Cosmetics Table of Contents Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Market Report 2017 1 Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care 1.2 Classification of Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care by Product Category 1.2.1 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Types (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Inorganic Nanomaterials 1.2.4 Organic Nanomaterials 1.3 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Applications (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Skin Care Products 1.3.3 Sunscreen 1.3.4 Drug Cosmetics 1.4 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Market by Region 1.4.1 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 South Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 2 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Competition by Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application 2.1 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Sales Volume and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care (Volume) by Application 2.4 Asia-Pacific Nanomaterials in Cosmetic and Personal Care (Volume and Value) by Region About us MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Us State Tower 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Website: www.marketresearchreports.biz/ Email: sales@marketresearchreports.biz This release was published on openPR. TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Chitosan Derivatives Market Research Report 2017: Global Industry Size, Analysis, Innovation, Overview, Growth Rate, Share and Forecasts Next PostNext Machine Tools Market Research Report 2017: Asia-Pacific Industry Analysis, Size, Technology advancement, Overview, Growth Rate, Share and Forecasts Search Recent Posts Automotive Sensors Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Asia-Pacific Military Load Carriage Systems Market Size 2017, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Global Piling Machine Market to Garner Brimming Revenues US$ 1,577.6 Million by 2024 Spherical Bearings for Aerospace Market 2017 Supply, Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) and Manufacturers Profiles Active Noise and Vibration Control System Market Analysis: Growth Challenges, Opportunities and Forthcoming Developments Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   MiR Press Release Receive press releases from MiR: By Email RSS Feeds: Mobile Industrial Robots Launches New MiR200 More Powerful Autonomous Mobile Robot That Supports Easier Programming and Flexible Deployment for Faster ROI MiR200 adds significant user interface and programming enhancements, doubles payload to 200kg and towing capacity to 500kg and offers ESD compliance for electronic assembly applications. Chicago, IL, April 05, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Automate 2017, and Odense, Denmark – Mobile Industrial Robots, (MiR), a next-generation developer and manufacturer of autonomous mobile robots (AMRs), is launching its newest robot, the MiR200, at Automate 2017 in Chicago today. The MiR200 is a more powerful mobile robot in almost every aspect than the company’s flagship MiR100, which has already been installed in more than 30 countries by companies such as Airbus, Boeing, Flex, Honeywell, Michelin, Procter & Gamble, Toyota and Walmart. MiR’s industry-leading AMRs are a dramatic improvement over legacy automated guided vehicles (AGVs), which require the expensive and inflexible installation of sensors or magnets into factory floors for guidance. MiR products are designed to give owners the flexibility to easily redeploy the robots to different processes or facility layouts to support changing business needs and agile manufacturing processes. With the launch of the MiR200, customers now have even more choices in how to effectively, quickly and cost-effectively automate their material transportation needs. “Our robots are changing the game for any size business, from small, regional companies to large multinationals,” said MiR CEO Thomas Visti. “With the new interface of the MiR200, it’s even easier for companies to program the robot themselves and adapt its deployment as their business evolves. That’s critical for their competitiveness, and supports extremely fast ROI. The robot typically pays for itself in less than a year, even in very dynamic environments.” MiR200 offers game-changing user interface, performance and ROI The MiR200 updates MiR’s already-intuitive web-based user interface, making programming even easier for users who have no previous experience and allowing for even more optimized implementation. Updates include customizable dashboards, improved mapping, easier creation of robot missions and tasks, multi-level permissions, responsive web design and comprehensive browser support. Integrated help and product documentation provides additional guidance. The powerful MiR200 doubles the payload capacity of the MiR100 to 200kg/440lbs, and offers a MiRHook option for autonomous towing of carts up to 500kg/1102lbs. The robot offers exceptional flexibility for top modules—including racks, shelves, conveyors, lifts or even collaborative robot arms—which can be easily customized and mounted to meet specific application requirements. With its ESD-compliant exterior, the MiR200 is ideal for electronic assembly applications where parts being transported must be protected from electrostatic discharge. MiR robots offer more high-performance sensor technologies than any other mobile robot on the market. Six separate sensor systems feed data to the robot’s real-time navigation and safety algorithms. This enables quick decisions for highly efficient and safe operation of the robot, even in changing situations where people, extension cords, pallets or boxes can create unpredictable obstacles. Full 360-degree scanning allows the robot to safely back up, rather than being limited to forward motion. Additional sensors prevent blindspots by identifying obstacles above the robot, such as a table, and can look ahead and down to identify holes or stairwells, as well as clear obstacles such as glass walls. Visit MiR at Automate 2017, Booth #1468 to see the MiR200 in action, along with the rest of the MiR product line. Additional photos can be downloaded here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/about-us/marketing Additional information is available here: http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/products/mir200 About MiR Mobile Industrial Robots is headquartered in Odense, Denmark where the company was founded in 2013 by experienced professionals from the Danish robotics industry. MiR develops and sells the most advanced mobile robots for internal transportation of goods in both the manufacturing and health care industries. MiR has quickly established a global distribution network in more than 30 countries, and the company has grown rapidly with a 500 percent increase in sales from 2015 to 2016. The company recently set up regional offices in Shanghai and New York. MiR supplies its collaborative, safe and autonomous robots to multinational industrial groups and mid-sized companies. MiR robots carry out internal transportation tasks quickly, easily and cost-effectively, to free employees for more valuable activities. Hundreds of manufacturers worldwide, as well as hospitals and care facilities, already use MiR’s innovative robots. Contact Information Hughes Communications, Inc. Cheryl Coupe 503-705-4189 Contact http://www.mobile-industrial-robots.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from MiR Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segment, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products The Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022 in India, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. In India market, the top players include many company. With key sales data like sales (volume), revenue, market share for top players.such as Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1138986-2017-2022-india-hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-market-report Procter & Gamble L’Oreal Unilever Taisho Henkel Merck Shiseido Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Rohto Lifes2Good Gerolymatos International Toppik Nanogen Oxford BioLabs Ltd. Ultrax Labs Avalon Natural Products Bayer Pharma Medico Kirkland Signature Phyto Ales Group Amplixin Kerafiber Phyto Keranique DS Healthcare Group Kaminomoto Softto Bawang Zhang Guang Hairmax Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1138986-2017-2022-india-hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-market-report Split by product types/category, covering many types. with sales, revenue and market share for each type, such as Hair Loss and Growth Devices Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product Split by applications/end use industries, covers many application. This report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products in each application.suach as Homecare Hair Loss Treatment Clinic Other Table of Contents 2017-2022 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Report (Status and Outlook) 1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products 1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Segment by Types 1.2.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Present Situation and Outlook by Types (2012-2022) 1.2.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Market Share by Types in 2016 1.2.3 Hair Loss and Growth Devices 1.2.4 Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product 1.3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Segment by Applications/End Use Industries 1.3.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Present Situation and Outlook by Applications/End Industrials (2012-2022) 1.3.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Market Share by Types in 2016 1.3.3 Homecare 1.3.4 Hair Loss Treatment Clinic Other 1.4 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Overview and Market Size (Value) (2012-2022) 1.4.1 India Market Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Overview 1.4.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Size (Value and Volume) Status and Forecast (2012-2022) 2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Vendors/Manufacturers 2.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Market Share (2012-2017) by Vendors/Manufacturers 2.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Revenue and Market Share by Vendors (2012-2017) 2.3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Average Price by Vendors in 2016 2.4 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types by Vendors 2.5 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Vendors 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Type and Application (2012-2017) 3.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Market Share and Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.1.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.1.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.1.3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 3.3 India Market Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue (Million USD), Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Vendors/Manufacturers Profiles and Sales Data 4.1 Procter & Gamble 4.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.1.2.1 Category One 4.1.2.2 Category Two 4.1.3 Procter & Gamble Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.1.5 Procter & Gamble News 4.2 L’Oreal 4.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.2.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.2.2.1 Category One 4.2.2.2 Category Two 4.2.3 L’Oreal Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.2.5 L’Oreal News 4.3 Unilever 4.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.3.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.3.2.1 Category One 4.3.2.2 Category Two 4.3.3 Unilever Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.3.5 Unilever News 4.4 Taisho 4.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.4.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.4.2.1 Category One 4.4.2.2 Category Two 4.4.3 Taisho Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.4.5 Taisho News 4.5 Henkel 4.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.5.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.5.2.1 Category One 4.5.2.2 Category Two 4.5.3 Henkel Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.5.5 Henkel News 4.6 Merck 4.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.6.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.6.2.1 Category One 4.6.2.2 Category Two 4.6.3 Merck Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.6.5 Merck News 4.7 Shiseido 4.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.7.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.7.2.1 Category One 4.7.2.2 Category Two 4.7.3 Shiseido Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.7.5 Shiseido News 4.8 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. 4.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.8.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.8.2.1 Category One 4.8.2.2 Category Two 4.8.3 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.8.5 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. News 4.9 Rohto 4.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.9.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.9.2.1 Category One 4.9.2.2 Category Two 4.9.3 Rohto Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.9.5 Rohto News 4.10 Lifes2Good 4.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.10.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.10.2.1 Category One 4.10.2.2 Category Two 4.10.3 Lifes2Good Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.10.5 Lifes2Good News 4.11 Gerolymatos International 4.11.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.11.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.11.2.1 Category One 4.11.2.2 Category Two 4.11.3 Gerolymatos International Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.11.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.11.5 Gerolymatos International News 4.12 Toppik 4.12.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.12.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.12.2.1 Category One 4.12.2.2 Category Two 4.12.3 Toppik Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.12.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.12.5 Toppik News ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1138986 Contact Us: Norah Trent Partner Relations & Marketing Manager Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)          TagsBusiness, Global 1, Google News, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Industry Analysis, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Opportunities, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Share, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Trend, International Space Station, ISS, NASA, Roscosmos, satPRnews, SpaceX, Telecommunications, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Deep Packet Inspection And Processing Market Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2017-2027 Next PostNext Judge rules Zimmer liable for $2 million in hip implant case Search Recent Posts CMMI® Institute meldet Rekordwachstum im fünften Jahr in Folge CMMI® Institute Regista Quinto Ano Consecutivo de Crescimento Recorde Enviro-Serv, Inc. (EVSV: OTC Pink Current) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Teenaged Genius Juthawong Naisanguansee Introducing the Revolutionary Ampare Voice Sound Changer App iHeartCommunications, Inc. Announces Extension of Private Term Loan Offers Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Brand Equity LATEST NEWS Fresh case against Prashant Bhushan for his tweet on Lord Krishna High Court to UP: Food habits linked to right to life Rural jobs scheme: 3 northeastern states on top, two at the bottom Ravindra Gaikwad attends Lok Sabha proceedings Syria gas attack is enormous political gamble Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Magazines Panache Tech and GadgetsWorklifeCars & BikesLifestyleHealthPeopleEntertainmentBooksCity LifeHumourBetween The Lines ET Wealth Brand Equity Corporate Dossier ET Magazine Travel ET Home›Magazines›Brand Equity 12:27 PM | 06 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,876-97.82 NIFTY 50 9,235-29.95 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,914109.00 USD/INR 64.960.08 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty trade negative ahead of RBI policy outcome Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Is the FMCG major as litigious as it seems to be or is lawyering up its last resort? By Delshad Irani & Amit Bapna, ET Bureau | Apr 05, 2017, 05.20 AM IST Post a Comment With the frequency with which HUL has dragged others or has been dragged by others to court over advertising, one can't help but wonder is HUL as litigious as it seems to be? Tax Alert: Fake rent receipts won't help you anymore MUMBAI: The ongoing legal battle between Hindustan Unilever and Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), the makers of Amul, over the debate of ice-cream versus frozen desserts, has been aptly, albeit unimaginatively, named by the press and people as a "Cold War". But, in the past, HUL has been in Water Wars, Toothpaste Wars, Soap Wars, White Wars, Kitchen Wars and Shampoo Wars. In the last decade, the country's biggest consumer goods manufacturer and maker of Dove, Clinic Plus, Lifebuoy, Pepsodent, Kwality Wall's, Vim, Rin and Surf, among others, has found itself regularly locked in court room scuffles with competitors over either theirs or its own combative advertising, whether issued in public interest or the company's. In the long-drawn case of Reckitt Benckiser's 'Dettol Healthy Kitchen' cleaner versus HUL's Vim, the first shot was fired by Dettol and HUL hit back with "a harsh antiseptic or the power of 100 lemons - which one would you choose to clean your child's tiffin?" Soon after, Dettol anti-septic soap and Lifebuoy found themselves saying "Milord, I object!" In the case of Colgate, HUL aired a combative Pepsodent ad at the start of a long-weekend giving Colgate no option to invoke the law. The Water Wars saw HUL's Pureit fighting Eureka Forbes over disparaging ads. And there's the evergreen Safedi Wars between Rin and P&G's Tide. Being the "traditional" organisation HUL is, it would be safe to assume that the company doesn't think combative communication, whether directly aimed at it or not, is any laughing matter. Or an invitation to take light-hearted digs at each other as many "startuppers" do today. A little friendly fire, if you will. A former HUL marketing head told BE on the condition of anonymity, that the FMCG major is "not a tame organisation"; "Any communication showing them in a bad way is not taken lightly." Especially in categories where it's the market leader, HUL is hard-pressed to respond by slapping a legal notice on transgressors. Ten years ago, there wasn't any set policy on deploying legal. As another former employee points out, "If there was a claim made that would hurt the brand's prospects, the legal course would be taken." He adds, HUL has always been rather strong on their internal legal processes. For example, every single packaging decision has to be run by the legal head. With the frequency with which HUL has dragged others or has been dragged by others to court over advertising, one can't help but wonder is HUL as litigious as it seems to be? While the above evidence would make a jury unanimously go 'guilty as charged', however we might be inclined to believe that pursuing legal action is typically not the least resort but the last. The first course of action is a letter to the offending party, and an appeal to the ASCI. In its most recent high-profile case, HUL, according to industry sources, gave Amul almost 20 days to respond to its letter. That's a life-time in marketing because by then Amul's ad that draws on the distinction between 'milk-walla ice-cream' and 'vanaspati- walla frozen dessert', without naming the competition, had been viewed millions of times. Clearly, HUL's letter to Amul was met with an unsatisfactory response thus landing the matter in Bombay High Court. While the company did not respond to questions about its general approach in these cases, and when and under what circumstances it opts for legal recourse, on the current matter in court it said: "HUL manufactures and markets both ice creams and frozen desserts in India. Both contain milk/milk solids and do not contain vanaspati. We filed the petition so as to stop the airing of the factually incorrect advertisement on frozen desserts being aired by Amul as it was creating apprehensions among consumers." Self-regulation is key today so that the company is able to define the rules of engagement in the future. Company insiders, who wish not to be named, told BE that typically HUL prefers to sort out differences out of court instead of being strapped with lengthy and often expensive legal battles. In 2011, for instance, in an unprecedented move the company appointed four retired HC judges as independent ombudsmen in different regions to resolve cases filed against the company by its suppliers, distributors, stockists and retailers, as reported by The Economic Times. HUL's executive director - legal Dev Bajpai told ET then, "The idea is to have an alternate dispute resolution mechanism with the whole philosophy of customer centricity and the main reason is resolution of matters." In another case that could have shaken up the fairness cream category, industry insiders told us when HUL found its patented Fair & Lovely formula active in its competition's premium cream, the company chose to resolve the matter out of court. It was decided that the competition's formula would be tweaked and the patent infringement would therefore be invalid. While combative advertising is not new, we've seen this genre of ads make a vengeful comeback in recent times. The device's most prolific user today is Patanjali, every one of its ads made to expose "real facts" about the competitions' products. Brand consultant Harish Bijoor, and a former HUL employee himself says, "To an extent I do believe Amul always had this campaign in its back-room. The bravado to take it out into the drawing rooms of Indians has come from the Patanjali-style of advertising. Patanjali is the new Indian Samurai on this count!" Bijoor tells us to expect a lot more action of a similar kind for today the eco-system for this type of ad warfare is just right. The current Cold War flare-up isn't HUL and Amul's first public brawl over 'ice-cream versus frozen dessert'. As of this writing, Bombay High Court had provided no interim relief to HUL and Amul's ad continued airing. Whatever the final verdict may be, what we know for sure is that it will certainly leave one party in a summer of discontent. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Clifton: Dinner Delivered? Here's Why I Love Plated Food & Wine for Plated This game will keep you up all night! Vikings: Free Online Game Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage TCS COO, NG Subramaniam sees healthy demand in a tough FY18 To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Spotty internet? YouTube unveils app that allows you to watch videos offline My dad didn’t speak to me properly for 5 yrs when I wanted to be a beerpreneur: Ankur Jain, Founder, Bira Deep Nishar, MD, SoftBank, follows a simple Gujarati way to make money! Xiaomi's Redmi 4A may be cheap and light but scores high on features and performance Nokia 3310 to finally launch globally in April, followed by Nokia 3, 5 and 6 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRBI Policy|IPL 2017 BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
DailyTimes | ABB buys B&R to help it challenge Siemens in industrial automation Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives ABB buys B&R to help it challenge Siemens in industrial automation By:   agencies 05-Apr-17 218 Top News MQM assails Sindh govt’s performance 06-Apr-17 231 KARACHI: The Muttahida Qaumi M ... PPP wants early decision on reference against ZAB trial 06-Apr-17 228 ISLAMABAD: The Central Executi ... ZURICH: Swiss engineering group ABB has bought Austrian industrial automation company Bernecker & Rainer, a move that fits in with its strategy of expanding its products to better challenge German rival Siemens on the factory floor. ABB gave no purchase price for Bernecker & Rainer Industrie-Elektronik (B&R) when it announced the deal on Tuesday, but a person familiar with the matter said it was nearly $2 billion, the biggest deal under Chief Executive Ulrich Spiesshofer's four-year leadership. ABB had considered other targets in industrial automation, including US firm Rockwell Automation, before deciding on B&R, according to a person familiar with the matter. ABB spokesman Saswato Das declined to comment or confirm the purchase price. The Swiss company said the acquisition would increase its sales in industrial automation to around $15 billion by adding B&R's annual sales of more than $600 million. It would also consolidate ABB's No.2 position in the $130 billion processing and industrial sector behind Siemens but ahead of rivals such as Emerson, Rockwell Automation and General Electric. B&R makes programmable controls for machines used by companies including Nestle, Procter & Gamble and Roche. The private company, founded by two electrical engineers in 1979, also makes components for machines used by automakers BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen. Its products include industrial PCs and factory automation devices designed to increase productivity. ABB's largest shareholder, Investor AB which holds a 10.48 percent stake according to Reuters data, welcomed the deal. "As we see it, this is a very important, strategically sound acquisition which clearly strengthens ABB's position in factory automation," spokesman Stefan Stern said. "It is important for ABB to continue to work with internal efficiency and at the same time invest for the future within strategic areas." ABB's second-largest investor Cevian Capital, which campaigned for a break-up of ABB last year, declined to comment. Shares in ABB were up 0.9 percent. The Swiss company, which depends on oil and gas for around 15 percent of its revenue, has been hit as low oil prices have dented demand from oil producers for products such as temperature and pressure transmitters and flow measurement devices. Takis Spiliopoulos, an analyst at Bank Vontobel, said global corporate spending on industrial automation is expected to grow by around 5 to 6 percent annually in the years ahead as Western companies bring back production from emerging markets, while oil and gas spending would remain subdued. "This is a sensible acquisition, increasing ABB's footprint on the factory floor where we expect higher growth in the future than in process industries like oil and gas," Spiliopoulos said. Spiesshofer said the B&R purchase would make ABB the only industrial automation provider offering customers the entire spectrum of technology and software solutions around measurement, control, actuation, robotics, digitalisation and electrification. "There will be more acquisitions ... as one of the drivers of growth going forward, but there is no 'must haves' we are desperate about," Spiesshofer told reporters. "We are closing today perfectly the big gap we had in machine and factory automation, that was one gap we were always concerned about and wanted to close." ABB aims to increase B&R's annual sales to above $1 billion from around $600 million now and said the business would add to operating earnings per share from the first year. The purchase is being funded from ABB's own cash and is expected to close by mid-year. Sunday Magazine sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Investor Information Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2017 DailyTimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Apr 06, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Economy Businesses seek action, not trade war, in summit REUTERS Published on April 5, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print This combination of file photos shows Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and U.S. President Donald Trump. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge WASHINGTON — Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China’s leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Mr. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida on Thursday and Friday will be “very difficult” and “American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.” The President has said he wants U.S. companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home.  He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within U.S. industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the U.S. market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world’s second-biggest economy. But they also worry Mr. Trump’s policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a “grand bargain” involving other issues such as North Korea. Mr. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisers, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. Some of the largest U.S. companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China; automakers such as General Motors and Ford; heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar; retailers like Starbucks; and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. U.S. steel producers want Mr. Trump to press Mr. Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. And U.S. automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China’s is 25 percent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China’s new cyber-security law sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM, Google, and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump Administration to pressure China to “stop rigging markets.” It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Related Items trade , china , China government , Xi Jinping , United States government , Donald Trump Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Research and Markets - Global Medicated Confectionery Market to Grow at a CAGR of 3.29% by 2021: New Product Launches by Regional & International Players are Aiding Growth News provided by Research and Markets Apr 05, 2017, 14:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, April 5, 2017 Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Medicated Confectionery Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global medicated confectionery market to grow at a CAGR of 3.29% during the period 2017-2021. The report, Global Medicated Confectionery Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. New product launches by regional and international players are aiding the growth of the market. The market players are encompassing innovative and distributive strategies to increase the market size of these products. They are coming up with products containing healthy plant extracts and differentiated medicated herbs like ginger, and other variants. The preference for sweetened medicated products over bitter ones, especially among children, is also fueling the market growth. According to the report, smoking bans are public policies including criminal laws and occupational safety and health regulations that prohibit tobacco smoking in workplaces and other public spaces. Smoking ban in public places across the world is helping the market grow as more people are switching to medicated confectionery such as print-based candies or chewing gums instead of smoking. Key vendors Mondelez International Nestlé P&G Perfetti Van Melle Reckitt Benckiser Ricola Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company Other prominent vendors Ernest Jackson Herbion International Hershey's HEXOS Others Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Market segmentation by product PART 07: Geographical segmentation PART 08: Segmentation by distribution channel PART 09: Key leading countries PART 10: Market drivers PART 11: Impact of drivers PART 12: Market challenges PART 13: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 14: Market trends PART 15: Vendor landscape PART 16: Key vendor analysis For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/2q7fkz/global_medicated Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---global-medicated-confectionery-market-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-329-by-2021-new-product-launches-by-regional--international-players-are-aiding-growth-300435160.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Apr 05, 2017, 14:45 ET Preview: Research and Markets - Global Breast Biopsy Market to Grow at a CAGR of 10.7%, 2017-2021 with BD, C.R. Bard, Hologic & Leica Biosystems Leading the Way Apr 05, 2017, 14:15 ET Preview: Global Zinc Market to Grow at a CAGR of 3.96% by 2021: Infrastructure Growth in Emerging Markets is a Key Driver - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 05, 2017, 17:45 ETResearch and Markets - Global Offshore Supply Vessel (OSV) Market... Apr 05, 2017, 17:30 ETOne and a Half Day Seminar: Effective Quality Oversight of... Explore More news releases in similar topics Food & Beverages Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Global Medicated Confectionery Market to Grow at a CAGR of 3.29% by 2021: New Product Launches by Regional & International Players are Aiding Growth News provided by Research and Markets Apr 05, 2017, 14:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News United States Cleaning Chemicals Market By Product Type, By End Use Sector, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2026 NEW YORK, April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Cleaning chemicals are used to clean contaminants such as stains, oil, dust, grease, etc. on different surfaces. These chemicals also offer the capability to kill viruses, bacteria and other micro-organisms present on the surface to be cleaned. United States cleaning chemicals market grew at a moderate pace during 2012-2016, due to rising awareness among customers and increasing incidents of various viral infections across the country. Moreover, increase in demand for cleaning chemicals over the past few years can also be attributed to rising per capita disposable income, growing demand for eco-friendly chemicals and launch of new cleaning chemical products. Cleaning chemicals are majorly used in industries such as food service, laundry & dry cleaning, offices, car washes and hotels & other lodging. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has laid down strict regulations against the use of carcinogenic ingredients such as VOCs (Volatile Organic Compounds) in cleaning chemicals. Additionally, implementation of Cleaning Product Right to Know Act 2017, under which the manufactures have to list chemical ingredients used in manufacturing of cleaning chemicals, is further driving product innovation in the country’s cleaning chemicals market. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04812655/United-States-Cleaning-Chemicals-Market-By-Product-Type-By-End-Use-Sector-Competition-Forecast-and-Opportunities-.html According to „United States Cleaning Chemicals Market By Product Type, By End Use Sector, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012 – 2026”, cleaning chemicals market in the US is forecast to surpass $ 16.4 billion by 2025. Anticipated growth in the US cleaning chemicals market can be predominantly attributed to rising consumer spending and growing focus on sustainable products. Institutional end-use sector continues to be the largest consumer of cleaning chemicals in the US, followed by industrial and residential sectors. In 2016, south region accounted for the largest market share in the US cleaning chemicals market, majorly on account of expanding healthcare sector in this region. However, cleaning chemical market in the country’s West region is forecast to witness fastest growth during the forecast period. Few of the key players operating in the US cleaning chemicals market include Ecolab, Diversey Holdings, Clorox, Zep Incorporated, and Proctor & Gamble. „United States Cleaning Chemicals Market By Product Type, By End Use Sector, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012 – 2026” report elaborates following aspects related to cleaning chemicals market in the United States. – United States cleaning chemicals Market Size, Share & Forecast – Segmental Analysis – By Product Type (General purpose cleaners, Sanitary Care Cleaners, Kitchen Care Cleaners, Laundry Care Cleaners, Disinfectants & Sanitizers, Others (Vehicle Wash Products, Hand Cleaners), By End Use Sector (Institutional, Industrial and Residential) – Policy & Regulatory Landscape – Changing Market Trends & Emerging Opportunities – Competitive Landscape & Strategic Recommendations Why You Should Buy This Report? – To gain an in-depth understanding of United States cleaning chemicals market – To identify the on-going trends and anticipated growth in the next five years – To help industry consultants, cleaning chemical manufacturers, vendors and dealers align their market-centric strategies – To obtain research based business decisions and add weight to presentations and marketing material – To gain competitive knowledge of leading market players – To avail 10% customization in the report without any extra charges and get the research data or trends added in the report as per the buyer’s specific needs Report Methodology The information contained in this report is based upon both primary and secondary sources. Primary research included interviews with cleaning chemicals suppliers, distributors and industry experts. Secondary research included an exhaustive search of relevant publications like company annual reports, financial reports and other proprietary databases. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04812655/United-States-Cleaning-Chemicals-Market-By-Product-Type-By-End-Use-Sector-Competition-Forecast-and-Opportunities-.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com _________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/united-states-cleaning-chemicals-market-by-product-type-by-end-use-sector-competition-forecast-and-opportunities-2012-2026-300435439.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ChildLine Staff Recognized for Child Abuse Prevention Efforts Next PostNext Tidewater Agrees to Short-Term Waivers with its Lenders and Noteholders to Conclude Restructuring Discussions Search Recent Posts Point of Care Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Safe Deposit Locker (SDL) Market 2022: Analysed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects BREAKING NEWS – Tori V – Hollywood’s New IT Girl on the rise. BREAKING NEWS – Tori V – Hollywood’s New IT Girl on the rise. Global Rice Bran Oil industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Online Beauty and Personal Care Market – Trends and Opportunities for the Industry by 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Beauty and personal care products are applied to the skin in order to avoid symptoms such as early aging, black patches, and pimples. The increasing number of millennial shoppers has added to the growth of online retail channels, most of which are price-sensitive. Moreover, consumers prefer shopping online at discounted rates and therefore increasingly adopt online shopping. Hair conditioners, hair styling gels,bath gels,and shower products are the commonly purchased beauty and personal care products online. Additionally, the wide range of products available on online platforms and the time-saving aspect of the medium are factors that have contributed to the rise of the online retail phenomenon. E-retailers offer better security features for online payments, customer-friendly services, easy-to-navigate shopping websites, and easy delivery, due to which the number of consumers using online shopping portals is anticipated to increase significantly in the next few years. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=18323 The global online beauty and personal care market is divided in terms of product types into the following categories: skin care, oral hygiene, hair care, color cosmetics, fragrances, sun care, bath and shower, deodorants, baby and child care, male grooming, and depilatory products. Among all of these, skin care products are prominently purchased across different regions. This segment includes facial care products and body lotions which enhance skin quality, prevent wrinkles, rejuvenate the cells, and brighten the complexion. The availability of several brands and new features in the market is expected to boost the online sales of skin care products in the next few years. In addition, leading vendors focus on launching products comprising ingredients derived from organic and natural sources to amplify their revenue generation. The online beauty and personal care market is geographically distributed over North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa (MEA), and Latin America. Asia Pacific accounted for the maximum share in the market in 2015, which is primarily driven by the availability of new brands, consumer experimentation with new products, and an increased demand for fragrances and colored cosmetics. The growing adoption of specific products such as skin lightening products across different age groups as well as anti-aging cosmetics are projected to fuel the expansion of the market in this region. In addition to this, regional brands are also gaining popularity due to their unique properties. Latin America is a potentially attractive market for online beauty and personal care and its share is estimated to rise over the forecast period. Browse Market Research Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/online-beauty-personal-care-market.html The global market is highly competitive with the presence of a large number of large-scale and small-scale vendors who compete with each other in terms of product differentiation, quality, prices, innovation, distribution, and brand promotion. Key players operating in this market include Amazon, Estée Lauder, Sephora, L’Oréal, and P&G. Other prominent vendors include Macy’s Inc., Drugstore.com, Ulta, e-Bay, Groupon, Kroger, J.C. Penney, Target, and Walmart. They sell different brands including their home brands and private consumer products to end-users. The increasing scope of network marketing and espousal of m-commerce (mobile-commerce) is predicted to be beneficial for these market players during the forecast period. These players dominate the market with their vast geographic presence and production facilities in different countries. However, the global online beauty and personal care market is also characterized by the presence of several regional and small manufacturers who lead the market in countries such as the U.K. and China. Manufacturers are focusing on opening new retail outlets to strengthen their distribution channels and increase their earnings. In order to meet the growing demand of the consumers in the market, a variety of different products are launched by various leading as well as emerging manufacturers. About Transparency Market Research (TMR) Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR’s data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious How to Select Automatic Gates for Commercial or Residential Properties Next PostNext Print Labels Market – Pin Point Analysis for Changing Competitive Dynamics Search Recent Posts Renew Spinal Care announces Strategic Alliance Agreement with SonoSpine Surgery: Alliance of Renew and SonoSpine should treat up to 95% of ALL back and neck pain issues Dr. Ragui Sadek, MD., is recognized by Continental Who’s Who Dr. Natasha R. Chinn is recognized by Continental Who’s Who Market Research Report Store:Europe Water Massage Tables Market Report 2017 Fingerprint Sensors Market – Global Analysis &amp; Forecast 2017 to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Mobile Marketing Association Study with Allstate Insurance Company Reveals Importance of Attribution and Cross Channel Metrics Mobile Marketing Association Study with Allstate Insurance Company Reveals Importance of Attribution and Cross Channel Metrics Posted on April 5, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Cross Marketing Effectiveness (SMoX) research proves fine-tuned targeting strategy a success. New York (PRWEB) April 05, 2017 The optimal combination of formats and targeting can create significant shifts in sales and consideration, according to the most recent SMoX attribution study done for Allstate Insurance by The Mobile Marketing Association (MMA). The study also proved the clickthrough rate (CTR), a widely-use measurement of impact, has no direct correlation to conversions. “The insights we learned will have immense value over time as our marketing efforts evolve,” says Allstate’s Chief Marketing Officer Sanjay Gupta. “This confirms our belief that in this fast-changing world, what’s seen as tried and true in the past may not always be the best method for the future.” The new research suggests brands should leverage some form of unified, real-time data measurement practices, and apply them across all their channels and down to individual users, in order to accurately attribute performance and optimize campaigns on the fly. Leveraging such an approach, the study revealed a number of specific opportunities that drastically improve the performance of mobile: The right format for the right goal: Mobile video and mobile audio were more efficient than the campaign average of all media in driving brand consideration, performing at 85 percent and 32 percent, respectively. On the other hand, mobile banners that successfully targeted consumers who were in the market for insurance were 12 percent more efficient as compared to the campaign average (across all media) in terms of driving sales. Targeting changed the game: The best targeting performer was behavioral targeting which far outperformed untargeted banners, scoring 272 out of an index of 100 when it came to incremental sales per dollar spent. Re-targeting was also very efficient– performing more than two times better as compared to when it was not applied. Location drives sales at scale: Banners that employed location targeting improved the efficiency of sales per dollar spent compared to untargeted banners by a factor of nearly two. The study also validated the importance of physical location patterns of consumers as predictive in terms of defining an audience that is in the market for insurance. Shorter is better for audio and video: Video’s efficiency was hugely dependent not just on its placement in the sales funnel but also on length. A 15-second video was twice as effective in delivering on consideration as a 30-second version and audio was 18 percent better when it was a shorter length, as well. “It is critical for marketers to understand the potentially huge swings in ROI that both format and targeting opportunities unique to mobile can have,” says MMA’s Chief Executive Officer Greg Stuart. “Metrics need to be integrated cross-channel to accurately attribute business outcomes. The impact this level of marketing maturity can have to drive topline business growth as well as greater personalization of the consumer experience is unprecedented.” To date, MMA has conducted 10 SMoX attribution studies providing marketers with an idea of what an optimized marketing mix should look like for brands. About SMoX SMoX is a global research initiative conducted by the MMA, which has included studies with Allstate, AT&T, Coca-Cola, MasterCard, Walmart and Unilever. SMoX applies research techniques from person-centric marketing analytics firm Marketing Evolution to provide a granular read of mobile and other media. For more on SMoX, click here. SMoX methodology has been independently reviewed by the Advertising Research Foundation (ARF). The MMA thanks the following companies that support SMoX: Jun Group, PlaceIQ, The Weather Company, xAd, ESPN, Foursquare, Pandora, Turner, Ubimo and Verve. About the MMA The MMA is the world’s leading global non-profit trade mobile marketing association comprised of more than 800 member companies, from nearly fifty countries. Its members hail from every faction of the mobile marketing ecosystem — including brand marketers, agencies, mobile technology platforms, media companies, operators and others. The MMA’s mission is to accelerate the transformation and innovation of marketing through mobile, driving business growth with closer and stronger consumer engagement. Anchoring the MMA’s mission are four core pillars; to cultivate inspiration by driving innovation for the Chief Marketing Officer; to build the mobile marketing capabilities for the marketing organizations through fostering know-how and confidence; to champion the effectiveness and impact of mobile through research providing tangible ROI measurement; and advocacy. MMA industry-wide committees work collaboratively to develop and advocate global best practices and lead standards development.  Mobile Marketing is broadly defined as including advertising, apps, messaging, mCommerce and CRM on all mobile devices including smartphones and tablets. Members include: Allstate, American Express, Bank Of America, Campbell’s, Chobani, Choice Hotels, Citi, Colgate-Palmolive, DataXu, Dunkin’ Brands, E*TRADE, Electronic Arts, ESPN, Facebook, Ford, Foursquare, Goodyear, Google, Hilton, iHeartMedia, InMobi, Johnson & Johnson, Kellogg, Krux, Marriott, MasterCard, McDonald’s, Nestle, Pandora, Pepsi, Pernod Ricard, Pfizer, Pinterest, PlaceIQ, Procter & Gamble, R/GA, RadiumOne, Razorfish, Salesforce, Samsung, SAP, Snap, Spotify, Target Brands, The Coca-Cola Company, The Rubicon Project, The Weather Company, T-Mobile, TUNE, Uber, Ubimo, Unilever, Verve, VEVO, Vibes, Walmart, Wendy’s, xAd , Zurich and many more. The MMA’s global headquarters are located in New York with regional operations Asia Pacific (APAC), Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA) and Latin America (LATAM). For more information about the MMA please visit http://www.mmaglobal.com. About Allstate The Allstate Corporation (NYSE: ALL) is the nation’s largest publicly held personal lines insurer, protecting approximately 16 million households from life’s uncertainties through auto, home, life and other insurance offered through its Allstate, Esurance, Encompass and Answer Financial brand names. Other growth platforms include predictive analytics company Arity and consumer-product protection plan company SquareTrade. Allstate is widely known through the slogan “You’re In Good Hands With Allstate®.” Allstate agencies are in virtually every local community in America. In 2016, The Allstate Foundation, Allstate, its employees and agency owners gave $42 million to support local communities. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14216900.htm Latest News Mobile Marketing Association Study with Allstate Insurance Company Reveals Importance of Attribution and Cross Channel Metrics ARCpoint Labs Shares Safety Tips for Parents with Students Heading on Spring Break Pink Elephant Launches Smart Kits Through New “My Pink” Online Portal Latest WebEOC Update Provides Advanced Mapping Capabilities for Emergency Management Pictometry® Adopts the EagleView® Brand Random Forest Capital Raises $1.75 Million for Strategic Talent Acquisition MI Windows and Doors Celebrates Window Safety Week with Information Campaign and Five Tips for Ensuring Home & User Safety It’s Reigning Cats and Dogs in Petplan Pet Insurance’s Tournament of Tails Greenberg Traurig Expands Corporate Strength with 2 Additions in New Jersey Web-Based Mass Notification System Enables Clients to Send Alert Messages via Telephone, Email, SMS Text, and Mobile App © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Food and Beverage Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Kendall Jenner ad uproar 'shows how far Pepsi has fallen,' marketing exec says Mack Hogan | @hogan_mt 13 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Pepsi faces backlash over Kendall Jenner ad    15 Hours Ago | 02:52 A pulled advertisement featuring Kendall Jenner handing a can of Pepsi to a police officer during a protest shows the company's failure to maintain cultural relevance, marketing expert Mike Jackson said Wednesday. The ad, which debuted Tuesday, was aimed at making Pepsi products resonate more with younger consumers. But it received a storm of backlash on social media, with critics saying it trivialized institutional racism and appropriated Black Lives Matter. Jackson said the problem isn't that Pepsi centered an ad on cultural hot-button topics, it's that it failed to do so sensitively. "It's really kind of sad because it shows how far Pepsi has fallen as it relates to its relevance in pop culture," Jackson, senior advisor at Talespin, said on CNBC's "Squawk Alley." "I mean, if Apple or Nike … had executed a similar ad, I think they would have taken into consideration that you probably wouldn't want to cast a white supermodel, Kendall Jenner, in an iconic Black Lives Matter scene." PepsiCo originally defended the ad, but after wide-ranging criticism the company said it would remove it. "Pepsi was trying to project a global message of unity, peace and understanding," a spokesperson said in a press release. "Clearly we missed the mark, and we apologize." Jackson said PepsiCo hasn't been active enough in matters of race for this "important message" to feel genuine. If a company wants to take on an important topic, it has to make sure it has some presence in the space. Procter & Gamble's Dove brand, for instance, has promoted feminist causes and therefore has more authority speaking on those issues, he says. Pepsi, Jackson said, doesn't have any history in promoting racial issues. "I think it was the right idea, I think it was the wrong brand," he said. "Brands need to stay in a space where they're authentic, where they're relevant and a place where they've been consistent. This is kind of a one-off ad from Pepsi. You haven't seen that kind of messaging from them previously." Mack HoganSpecial to CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PEP --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Grey Group Chooses Centrespread As Its Lead Agency In Nigeria SINGAPORE, April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — GREY, Adweek Global Agency of the Year 2015, is re-entering Nigeria with immediate effect, having appointed Centrespread, one of Nigeria’s largest independent advertising communications groups as its affiliate in that market. The Centrespread Group, which operates from offices in Lagos and Abuja, will rebrand as Centrespread GREY, re-establishing the global advertising giant as a leader in providing creative and effective full-service marketing solutions across the African continent. WPP, the world’s largest global media and communications agency network, made the announcement in Singapore today, signalling yet another critical step in GREY’s growth strategy of developing its networks in fast growing and important markets and sectors in the MEA region. The Centrespread Group will focus on developing a strong local GREY presence in Nigeria and is another step in GREY’s expansion in key African markets. Kola Ayanwale, Centrespread CEO, says he is enthusiastic about the alliance with an iconic agency such as GREY. „The GREY Group ranks among the world’s top advertising and marketing organisations, with an enviable global footprint. GREY’s credentials and achievements are impressive and their unique positioning of ‚Famously Effective’ resonates with the same values that have shaped Centrespread into one of Nigeria’s most successful integrated marketing communications agencies over the last three decades. The decision to take on the exciting opportunity of re-establishing GREY in Nigeria and across the continent is one that is met with great enthusiasm by both parties, and we look forward to being an integral part of the continued global success of GREY.” As a full service, through-the-line communications group, Centrespread has been operating since 1982 and employs about 200 staff in its seven business units. Today, Centrespread is made up of all-inclusive integrated marketing communications units which include Centrespread Advertising; DKK, a full service agency offering the full gamut of marketing communications; Interactive Communications, a digital media and online reputation management agency; Pure Activation, a below-the-line agency focused on presence branding and activations; PR Redline, a Public Relations and Reputation Management agency; KontactPoint, an Out of Home channel company and Mediamore, a media specialist agency. „Africa is the continent of opportunity for future-focused clients,” said James R. Heekin, Chairman and CEO of GREY Group. „We are delighted to partner with Centrespread, a world-class marketing organization, and look forward to what we’ll accomplish together in Nigeria and beyond in the coming years.” Nirvik Singh, Chairman and CEO of GREY Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa, is confident and energised by the new partnership. „The most important outcome of this exciting partnership is the association with talent and expertise that will re-ignite our efforts in establishing a dynamic Nigerian presence for GREY and will also allow us to truly focus on serving international clients across the African continent,” says Singh. About Grey Grey is the advertising network of Grey Group, which is led by James R. Heekin III, Chairman and CEO.  Grey Group ranks among the largest global communications companies. Its parent company is WPP (NASDAQ: WPPGY). Under the banner of „Grey Famously Effective Since 1917,” the agency serves a blue-chip roster of many of the world’s best known companies: Procter & Gamble, GlaxoSmithKline, Kellogg’s, Pfizer, Canon, NFL, Boehringer Ingelheim, Marriott Hotels & Resorts, Nestlé, Papa John’s and T.J. Maxx.  Grey was named ADWEEK’s „Global Agency of the Year” for 2015. For more information, visit www.GREY.com. About WPP WPP is the world’s largest communications services group with billings of US$73 billion and revenues of US$19 billion. Through its operating companies, the Group provides a comprehensive range of advertising and marketing services including advertising & media investment management; data investment management; public relations & public affairs; branding & identity; healthcare communications; direct, digital, promotion & relationship marketing and specialist communications. The company employs 194,000 people (including associates and investments) in over 3,000 offices across 112 countries. WPP was named Holding Company of the Year at the 2016 Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity for the sixth year running. WPP was also named, for the fifth consecutive year, the World’s Most Effective Holding Company in the 2016 Effie Effectiveness Index, which recognizes the effectiveness of marketing communications. For more information, visit www.wpp.com. About Centrespread Nigeria Established in 1982, Centrespread is one of Nigeria’s largest independent Agency groups. It services more than 30 of the world’s most respected brands including Kia, Airtel, Heinz, Samsung, MasterCard, Philips, NLPC, KFC, L’Oreal, MoneyGram, Roche, Quick Lotto, MTN (PR), FBN Insurance, Ecobank and Skye Bank. Centrespread was founded by Kola Ayanwale, a veteran adman of 35 years, fellow of the Advertising Practitioners Council of Nigeria (APCON) and former president of the Advertising Agencies Association of Nigeria (AAAN). The Centrespread Group operates from offices in Lagos and Abuja and consists of Centrespread Advertising; DKK, a full service agency offering the gamut of marketing communications; Interactive Communications, a digital media and online reputation management agency; Pure Activation, a Below-the-line agency focused on presence branding and activations; PR Redline, a Public Relations and Reputation Management agency; KontactPoint, an Out of Home channel company and Mediamore, a media specialist agency. For more information, visit www.centrespreadng.com. Media contacts Owen Dougherty Chief Communications Officer Grey Group 212-546-2551 odougherty@grey.com www.grey.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/grey-group-chooses-centrespread-as-its-lead-agency-in-nigeria-300435168.html SOURCE GREY Related Links http://www.grey.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts, Corporate Expansion Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Predictive Analytics Technology from automotiveMastermind on Display at the 2017 Digital Dealer 22 Conference and Expo Next PostNext BoltBus Offers All New On-Board Entertainment System Across Entire Fleet Search Recent Posts Nanotechnology-based Medical Devices Market Analysis by Top Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis to 2021 Metal Laryngoscope Blade Market: Regional Industry Segment by Production, Consumption, Revenue and Growth Rate by 2021 Medical Vacuum Regulators Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 How PR pros can reach journalists Kidney Stones Management Devices Market 2017; Region Wise Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Grey Group Chooses Centrespread As Its Lead Agency In Nigeria SINGAPORE, April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- GREY, Adweek Global Agency of the Year 2015, is re-entering Nigeria with immediate effect, having appointed Centrespread, one of Nigeria's largest independent advertising communications groups as its affiliate in that market. The Centrespread Group, which operates from offices in Lagos and Abuja, will rebrand as Centrespread GREY, re-establishing the global advertising giant as a leader in providing creative and effective full-service marketing solutions across the African continent. WPP, the world's largest global media and communications agency network, made the announcement in Singapore today, signalling yet another critical step in GREY's growth strategy of developing its networks in fast growing and important markets and sectors in the MEA region. The Centrespread Group will focus on developing a strong local GREY presence in Nigeria and is another step in GREY's expansion in key African markets. Kola Ayanwale, Centrespread CEO, says he is enthusiastic about the alliance with an iconic agency such as GREY. "The GREY Group ranks among the world's top advertising and marketing organisations, with an enviable global footprint. GREY's credentials and achievements are impressive and their unique positioning of 'Famously Effective' resonates with the same values that have shaped Centrespread into one of Nigeria's most successful integrated marketing communications agencies over the last three decades. The decision to take on the exciting opportunity of re-establishing GREY in Nigeria and across the continent is one that is met with great enthusiasm by both parties, and we look forward to being an integral part of the continued global success of GREY." As a full service, through-the-line communications group, Centrespread has been operating since 1982 and employs about 200 staff in its seven business units. Today, Centrespread is made up of all-inclusive integrated marketing communications units which include Centrespread Advertising; DKK, a full service agency offering the full gamut of marketing communications; Interactive Communications, a digital media and online reputation management agency; Pure Activation, a below-the-line agency focused on presence branding and activations; PR Redline, a Public Relations and Reputation Management agency; KontactPoint, an Out of Home channel company and Mediamore, a media specialist agency. "Africa is the continent of opportunity for future-focused clients," said James R. Heekin, Chairman and CEO of GREY Group. "We are delighted to partner with Centrespread, a world-class marketing organization, and look forward to what we'll accomplish together in Nigeria and beyond in the coming years." Nirvik Singh, Chairman and CEO of GREY Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa, is confident and energised by the new partnership. "The most important outcome of this exciting partnership is the association with talent and expertise that will re-ignite our efforts in establishing a dynamic Nigerian presence for GREY and will also allow us to truly focus on serving international clients across the African continent," says Singh. About Grey Grey is the advertising network of Grey Group, which is led by James R. Heekin III, Chairman and CEO.  Grey Group ranks among the largest global communications companies. Its parent company is WPP (NASDAQ: WPPGY). Under the banner of "Grey Famously Effective Since 1917," the agency serves a blue-chip roster of many of the world's best known companies: Procter & Gamble, GlaxoSmithKline, Kellogg's, Pfizer, Canon, NFL, Boehringer Ingelheim, Marriott Hotels & Resorts, Nestlé, Papa John's and T.J. Maxx.  Grey was named ADWEEK's "Global Agency of the Year" for 2015. For more information, visit www.GREY.com. About WPP WPP is the world's largest communications services group with billings of US$73 billion and revenues of US$19 billion. Through its operating companies, the Group provides a comprehensive range of advertising and marketing services including advertising & media investment management; data investment management; public relations & public affairs; branding & identity; healthcare communications; direct, digital, promotion & relationship marketing and specialist communications. The company employs 194,000 people (including associates and investments) in over 3,000 offices across 112 countries. WPP was named Holding Company of the Year at the 2016 Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity for the sixth year running. WPP was also named, for the fifth consecutive year, the World's Most Effective Holding Company in the 2016 Effie Effectiveness Index, which recognizes the effectiveness of marketing communications. For more information, visit www.wpp.com. About Centrespread Nigeria Established in 1982, Centrespread is one of Nigeria's largest independent Agency groups. It services more than 30 of the world's most respected brands including Kia, Airtel, Heinz, Samsung, MasterCard, Philips, NLPC, KFC, L'Oreal, MoneyGram, Roche, Quick Lotto, MTN (PR), FBN Insurance, Ecobank and Skye Bank. Centrespread was founded by Kola Ayanwale, a veteran adman of 35 years, fellow of the Advertising Practitioners Council of Nigeria (APCON) and former president of the Advertising Agencies Association of Nigeria (AAAN). The Centrespread Group operates from offices in Lagos and Abuja and consists of Centrespread Advertising; DKK, a full service agency offering the gamut of marketing communications; Interactive Communications, a digital media and online reputation management agency; Pure Activation, a Below-the-line agency focused on presence branding and activations; PR Redline, a Public Relations and Reputation Management agency; KontactPoint, an Out of Home channel company and Mediamore, a media specialist agency. For more information, visit www.centrespreadng.com. Media contacts Owen Dougherty Chief Communications Officer Grey Group 212-546-2551 odougherty@grey.com www.grey.com SOURCE GREY TagsAdvertising, Contracts, Corporate Expansion Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oil and Gas News: Willbros (NYSE: $WG) Announces New President of Canada Segment Next PostNext Exercise of Warrants and Issue of Equity Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News By 2021, Adult Diapers Market Demand Will Increase $14.5 Bn Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Adult Diapers Market (Pad Type, Pants Type, and Flat Type Adult Diapers): Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2015 – 2021.” published by Zion report, global demand for adult diapers market was valued at USD 9.24 billion in 2015, and is expected to generate revenue of USD 14.5 billion by end of 2021, growing at a CAGR of slightly above 7.48% between 2016 and 2021. An adult diaper is a disposable diaper consists of an absorbent inserted in between two non-woven fabric structure. This helps in avoiding the leakage, maintain the body fluid level and improve comfort. Fluff pulp, spolypropylene polymer, film, polypropylene fiber, polyester fiber, bio component fiber, rayon/fiber, cotton and other are some of the raw materials used in adult diapers. Diapers can be used by adults with various conditions, such as severe diarrhea, dementia, incontinence or mobility impairment. Request Sample Report: http://bit.ly/2fFukfq Growing aging population, urbanization and increased awareness of treatment methods for urinary incontinence are expected to be the major drivers for the global adult diaper market. Aging population, economic affluence and improvement of healthcare sector is expected to support the adult diaper market growth in the near future. However, volatility in prices of raw material may curb the demand for adult diaper within the forecast period. Also, ever increasing demand for the new products which includes body fit, skin friendly, superior absorption, stretchable, stylish and odor free is expected to grow new opportunities in the adult diaper market. The adult diaper market is segmented on the basis of different products including pad type adult diapers, pants type adult diapers, flat type adult diapers and others. Pad type adult diapers and flat type adult diapers together account for the major share of the global adult diaper market in 2015. Do Inquiry before buying: http://bit.ly/2fA9MX4 Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. North America dominated the adult diapers market followed by Europe. Asia Pacific also expected to show moderate growth in the years to come. Developing countries are anticipated to experience largest growth owing to changing lifestyle and rising population. China followed by India, has the biggest population of senior citizens and is also anticipated to demonstrate fastest growth in the next few years. In the past couple years, baby diaper market giants, Kimberly-Clark KMB and Procter & Gamble have introduced novel products and marketing intended at non-senior adults with bladder leakage. Daio paper, first quality enterprises, inc., fu burg industrial, covidien, kao corp., Kimberly Clark, Medline Industires, Unicharm, Hengan Group, Nippon paper industries, ontex international, and DSG international, are some of the key participants in the adult diaper market. Browse the full „Adult Diapers Market (Pad Type, Pants Type, and Flat Type Adult Diapers): Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2021” report at http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/adult-diapers-market-z59713 The report segments the global adult diapers market as: Adult Diapers Market: Product Segment Analysis Pad Type Pants Type Flat Type Adult Diapers Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East and Africa About Zion Research Zion Research is a market intelligence company providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Zion Research experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants uses proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact US: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: http://www.marketresearchstore.com TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious By 2021, Baby Diapers Market to Witness Increasing Growth $63.4 Bn Next PostNext Worldwide Luggage Market 2021: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, Forecast) Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Feminine Hygiene Products Market to Grow at 4.83% CAGR during 2017-2021 Feminine hygiene products market report considers the revenue generated from the retail sales of feminine hygiene products such as menstrual cups, tampons, sanitary napkins (only menstrual pads), pantyliners, and feminine hygiene wash products. The analysts forecast global feminine hygiene products market to grow at a CAGR of 4.83% during the period 2017-2021. Complete report on www.reportsnreports.com/reports/929003-global-feminine-hy… . Market of feminine hygiene products refer to products that are used by women during menstrual periods to maintain personal hygiene, and enhances general well-being. There have been several initiatives by vendors targeting women to educate them, in terms of highlighting benefits of using feminine hygiene products to improve overall health and well-being. Also, there is an increase in awareness among women about feminine hygiene products. This trend is visible even among women in rural areas, which may increase the growth prospects of the market in the coming years. Inquire for Discount on the Report at www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=929003 This report, Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global feminine hygiene products market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Purchase a Copy of the Report @ www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=929003 Key players in the global feminine hygiene products market: Procter & Gamble, Unicharm, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget (SCA), and Edgewell Personal Care. Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: Bella, Bodywise (UK). Cora, Corman, First Quality Enterprises, Fujian Hengan Group, Lil-Lets, Masmi, Moxie, Ontex, Pee Buddy, Kao, The Honest Company, Seventh Generation, and Vivanion. According to the feminine hygiene products market report, one driver in market is rise in disposable income. Per capita disposable income shows low volatility in developed countries because of the increase in double-income households. The disposable income is increasing globally, especially in countries such as India, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Vietnam. In 2015, more than 57% of the women were working in the US, creating a financial boost in the overall household income. The rise in disposable income enables consumers to spend on feminine hygiene products, including tampons, pantyliners, and menstrual cups. ReportsnReports.com is single source for all market research needs. The database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, ReportsnReports.com help in purchase decision by mapping information needs with it’s huge collection of reports. Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to inox theatre, Bund garden road, Pune-411001. + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com This release was published on openPR. TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Penetrating Oil Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022: Market Study Report Next PostNext Global Veterinary Vaccine Market Size Analysis by Live Attenuated, Inactivated and DNA Vaccines Type 2017 Search Recent Posts Schneider National, Inc. Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering Newport HT70 and HT70 Plus Ventilators by Medtronic: Field Corrective Action – Ventilator May Reset Spontaneously IMF Staff Completes Article IV Mission to Pakistan High Mark Plumbing Announces Expansion Into Calgary Market Greenberg Traurig Represents McKinley Paper Company, a subsidiary of Bio Pappel S.A.B. de C.V., in the Acquisition of a Paper Mill Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Braun Launches New Series 3 Shave & Style, the Perfect Tool for Starting a Styling Journey Braun Launches New Series 3 Shave & Style, the Perfect Tool for Starting a Styling Journey (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Braun Launches New Series 3 Shave & Style, the Perfect Tool for Starting a Styling Journey (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 05, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Braun, the world’s most trusted* grooming brand, today announces the launch of the new Series 3 Shave & Style, the ideal starter kit for men who are just starting their styling journey. In striving to provide the tools for the best shave, new research commissioned by Braun in June 2016 examines key typologies of the modern man to identify the worst environments, climates, and lifestyles for skin. When polling an 18-34 year old audience, Braun discovered the aggressors most commonly plaguing these men and designed its newest Series 3 Shave & Style specifically to combat these problems. Braun’s research revealed that with added challenges and environment stressors, men are struggling with their skin more than ever before, and that over half of all men feel that they are being held back by their skin. Most significantly, more than 50% of all men across the globe are being held back by sensitive skin, with more than one in three men naming spots, dryness, and redness being their biggest sensitive skin concerns. In a separate survey, Braun found that 79 of US women think it’s very important for the men in their lives to appear well groomed, while 44% found scruff the most attractive facial hair style for 2017. Knowing this, men are likely to style their facial hair, even in sensitive areas and with their sensitive skin concerns. Braun, committed to helping to alleviate these struggles and provide the best shave and style experience for men, has created a shaver that minimizes skin irritation and provides a three-in-one solution for ease of shaving and styling. The Series 3 Shave & Style is the most affordable 3-flex shaver within the Braun electric shaver portfolio. It is a three-in-one versatility solution for the man who wants to have the freedom of choice between a clean shave and a precise beard style with one device. Established ProSkin technology pairs up with a set of changeable beard trimmer attachments. Built with the power of German precision engineering, it does not compromise on skin comfort. The shaving head attachment works in straight, intuitive strokes so men do not have to circle over the same spot twice, helping to minimize skin irritation. Three independently floating cutting elements, forming the 3-flex head, adapt to every facial contour for an optimized close shave that is sensitive on skin. “Men often overlook how much a shaver can influence how their skin looks and feels,” says Ben Wilson, Industrial Designer at Braun. “The human face can be compared to a landscape full of curves and contours. Keeping close contact with the skin at any time during the shave is thus a challenge for any shaving system. At Braun, we strive to design shavers that ensure that their skin is the last thing a man has to worry about.” “No matter the facial hair style men sport, they are likely to shave and trim around sensitive areas, like the neck,” says Braun Grooming Expert, Sascha Breuer. “To ensure the most comfortable experience, allowing men to achieve their perfect shave or style look, Braun has introduced the Series 3 Shave & Style, for ease and versatility.” The Series 3 Shave & Style is a Wet and Dry model that can be used in the shower with foam or gel for a more comfortable shaving experience. The Series 3 Shave & Style provides versatility for the man who wants to have the freedom of choice between a clean shave and a precise beard style, featuring a set of interchangeable beard trimmer attachments for creating sharp beard styles with the utmost precision. Not only is it built to combat skin sensitivity men are most concerned about, but it is also a great multi-tasker. The new Series 3 shaves and styles in one, so there is no need for two different products, making this the idea new shaver for a man just beginning his grooming journey. For more information, please visit news.braun.com. About Braun Braun, a subsidiary of Procter & Gamble founded in Germany in 1921, develops and manufactures a wide variety of small domestic appliances that marry technical innovation, reliable quality and distinctive design. These range from electric shavers to beauty products. Braun products enjoy worldwide distribution. Please visit http://www.braun.com for the latest news and in-depth information about the Braun brand. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Ketchum Kari Stephenson, 212-796-9813 kari.stephenson@ketchum.com Release Summary Braun Launches New Series 3 Shave & Style, the perfect tool for starting a styling Journey. The new kit is ideal for men who are just starting their styling journey. Contacts Ketchum Kari Stephenson, 212-796-9813 kari.stephenson@ketchum.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Senior-Level Neuromodulation Executive Joins AdvaStim BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–AdvaStim, Inc., www.advastim.com, a leading developer of ASIC-based technology platforms for neuromodulation therapies, announced today that George Cintra has joined the company as Strategic Advisor for Technology and Business Development. Mr. Cintra has more than 25 years of experience leading product development, engineering and business development functions in the medical device and consumer products industries. “Having someone of George’s extensive industry background join our team demonstrates the exciting commercial potential that our technology promises to the neuromodulation device field,” said Laurence Derose, CEO and Co-founder of AdvaStim. “Our ASIC-based platform can potentially open new avenues and approaches for targeted neurostimulation therapies, and George’s extensive industry contacts and long experience in the field can help us best leverage these opportunities.” “AdvaStim’s ASIC-based technology represents a breakthrough for neuromodulation therapeutic systems to expand into a variety of clinical indications,” said George Cintra. “I’m excited to join AdvaStim and help further this technology for the next generation of neuromodulation therapy options.” Mr. Cintra was the Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Integer Holdings, Inc. (formerly Greatbatch Medical), a global leader in the design and development of implantable medical devices, from 2013 through January 2016, and served in an advisory capacity through January 2017. In addition to leading research, development, engineering and regulatory & clinical affairs, he also led the QiG Group and CCC Medical Devices subsidiaries for the company. Prior to Integer, he had a 16-year career holding technology and product development positions at P&G, Gillette, and Duracell. He has been awarded 39 U.S. and foreign patents across a broad range of power systems and electromechanical products. Mr. Cintra earned his B.S. in chemical engineering and completed graduate studies at Carnegie Mellon and the University of Virginia. About AdvaStim, Inc. AdvaStim is a technology developer addressing the multi-billion dollar neurostimulation market with a disruptive hardware/software technology platform to help emerging device companies effectively implement the next generation of implantable device therapeutics. For more information, visit http://www.advastim.com TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Mobile Wallet and Payment Technologies Market Research Report 2017: Top Manufacturer like Apple, Amazon, AT&T, Airtel Money, Americ Express etc. Next PostNext Recycled Plastic & Plastic Waste to Oil Market Research Report: US$1,971.4 million by 2024 – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth Trends and Forecast Search Recent Posts Des laboratoires d’idées et des ONG de consolidation de la paix se réunissent à Tokyo et mettent l’accent sur les possibilités pour résoudre les conflits et la fragilité dans le monde Drive-through Signage to be Regulated Under New Council Bill Grassroots Coalition Prevails in Settlement Agreement, Supporting the California Coastal Commission’s Findings That Playa Capital’s Unpermitted Water Drainage Devices Are Destructive to Ballona Wetlands Ecological Reserve in Los Angeles Severe Thunderstorm Potential Moves into the Mid-Atlantic; Wet and Windy Weather Out West Spark and Skinny to launch ‘Freedom’ mobile plans Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Braun Launches New Series 3 Shave & Style, the Perfect Tool for Starting a Styling Journey NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Braun, the world’s most trusted* grooming brand, today announces the launch of the new Series 3 Shave & Style, the ideal starter kit for men who are just starting their styling journey. In striving to provide the tools for the best shave, new research commissioned by Braun in June 2016 examines key typologies of the modern man to identify the worst environments, climates, and lifestyles for skin. When polling an 18-34 year old audience, Braun discovered the aggressors most commonly plaguing these men and designed its newest Series 3 Shave & Style specifically to combat these problems. Braun’s research revealed that with added challenges and environment stressors, men are struggling with their skin more than ever before, and that over half of all men feel that they are being held back by their skin. Most significantly, more than 50% of all men across the globe are being held back by sensitive skin, with more than one in three men naming spots, dryness, and redness being their biggest sensitive skin concerns. In a separate survey, Braun found that 79 of US women think it’s very important for the men in their lives to appear well groomed, while 44% found scruff the most attractive facial hair style for 2017. Knowing this, men are likely to style their facial hair, even in sensitive areas and with their sensitive skin concerns. Braun, committed to helping to alleviate these struggles and provide the best shave and style experience for men, has created a shaver that minimizes skin irritation and provides a three-in-one solution for ease of shaving and styling. The Series 3 Shave & Style is the most affordable 3-flex shaver within the Braun electric shaver portfolio. It is a three-in-one versatility solution for the man who wants to have the freedom of choice between a clean shave and a precise beard style with one device. Established ProSkin technology pairs up with a set of changeable beard trimmer attachments. Built with the power of German precision engineering, it does not compromise on skin comfort. The shaving head attachment works in straight, intuitive strokes so men do not have to circle over the same spot twice, helping to minimize skin irritation. Three independently floating cutting elements, forming the 3-flex head, adapt to every facial contour for an optimized close shave that is sensitive on skin. “Men often overlook how much a shaver can influence how their skin looks and feels,” says Ben Wilson, Industrial Designer at Braun. “The human face can be compared to a landscape full of curves and contours. Keeping close contact with the skin at any time during the shave is thus a challenge for any shaving system. At Braun, we strive to design shavers that ensure that their skin is the last thing a man has to worry about.” “No matter the facial hair style men sport, they are likely to shave and trim around sensitive areas, like the neck,” says Braun Grooming Expert, Sascha Breuer. “To ensure the most comfortable experience, allowing men to achieve their perfect shave or style look, Braun has introduced the Series 3 Shave & Style, for ease and versatility.” The Series 3 Shave & Style is a Wet and Dry model that can be used in the shower with foam or gel for a more comfortable shaving experience. The Series 3 Shave & Style provides versatility for the man who wants to have the freedom of choice between a clean shave and a precise beard style, featuring a set of interchangeable beard trimmer attachments for creating sharp beard styles with the utmost precision. Not only is it built to combat skin sensitivity men are most concerned about, but it is also a great multi-tasker. The new Series 3 shaves and styles in one, so there is no need for two different products, making this the idea new shaver for a man just beginning his grooming journey. For more information, please visit news.braun.com. About Braun Braun, a subsidiary of Procter & Gamble founded in Germany in 1921, develops and manufactures a wide variety of small domestic appliances that marry technical innovation, reliable quality and distinctive design. These range from electric shavers to beauty products. Braun products enjoy worldwide distribution. Please visit http://www.braun.com for the latest news and in-depth information about the Braun brand. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Stanadyne LLC Recognized by General Motors as a 2016 Supplier of the Year Winner Next PostNext Power2Practice Gains Momentum in the Field of Integrative Medicine Search Recent Posts Austin, TX Author Publishes Religious Motivational Book San Antonio, TX Author Publishes Coming Home Memoir Bloomington, IL Author Publishes Spiritual Awakening Book Seattle, WA Authors Publish Children’s Book Kahului, HI Author Publishes Final Book in Trilogy Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Braun Launches New Series 3 Shave & Style, the Perfect Tool for Starting a Styling Journey Braun Launches New Series 3 Shave & Style, the Perfect Tool for Starting a Styling Journey (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Braun Launches New Series 3 Shave & Style, the Perfect Tool for Starting a Styling Journey (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 05, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Braun, the world’s most trusted* grooming brand, today announces the launch of the new Series 3 Shave & Style, the ideal starter kit for men who are just starting their styling journey. In striving to provide the tools for the best shave, new research commissioned by Braun in June 2016 examines key typologies of the modern man to identify the worst environments, climates, and lifestyles for skin. When polling an 18-34 year old audience, Braun discovered the aggressors most commonly plaguing these men and designed its newest Series 3 Shave & Style specifically to combat these problems. Braun’s research revealed that with added challenges and environment stressors, men are struggling with their skin more than ever before, and that over half of all men feel that they are being held back by their skin. Most significantly, more than 50% of all men across the globe are being held back by sensitive skin, with more than one in three men naming spots, dryness, and redness being their biggest sensitive skin concerns. In a separate survey, Braun found that 79 of US women think it’s very important for the men in their lives to appear well groomed, while 44% found scruff the most attractive facial hair style for 2017. Knowing this, men are likely to style their facial hair, even in sensitive areas and with their sensitive skin concerns. Braun, committed to helping to alleviate these struggles and provide the best shave and style experience for men, has created a shaver that minimizes skin irritation and provides a three-in-one solution for ease of shaving and styling. The Series 3 Shave & Style is the most affordable 3-flex shaver within the Braun electric shaver portfolio. It is a three-in-one versatility solution for the man who wants to have the freedom of choice between a clean shave and a precise beard style with one device. Established ProSkin technology pairs up with a set of changeable beard trimmer attachments. Built with the power of German precision engineering, it does not compromise on skin comfort. The shaving head attachment works in straight, intuitive strokes so men do not have to circle over the same spot twice, helping to minimize skin irritation. Three independently floating cutting elements, forming the 3-flex head, adapt to every facial contour for an optimized close shave that is sensitive on skin. “Men often overlook how much a shaver can influence how their skin looks and feels,” says Ben Wilson, Industrial Designer at Braun. “The human face can be compared to a landscape full of curves and contours. Keeping close contact with the skin at any time during the shave is thus a challenge for any shaving system. At Braun, we strive to design shavers that ensure that their skin is the last thing a man has to worry about.” “No matter the facial hair style men sport, they are likely to shave and trim around sensitive areas, like the neck,” says Braun Grooming Expert, Sascha Breuer. “To ensure the most comfortable experience, allowing men to achieve their perfect shave or style look, Braun has introduced the Series 3 Shave & Style, for ease and versatility.” The Series 3 Shave & Style is a Wet and Dry model that can be used in the shower with foam or gel for a more comfortable shaving experience. The Series 3 Shave & Style provides versatility for the man who wants to have the freedom of choice between a clean shave and a precise beard style, featuring a set of interchangeable beard trimmer attachments for creating sharp beard styles with the utmost precision. Not only is it built to combat skin sensitivity men are most concerned about, but it is also a great multi-tasker. The new Series 3 shaves and styles in one, so there is no need for two different products, making this the idea new shaver for a man just beginning his grooming journey. For more information, please visit news.braun.com. About Braun Braun, a subsidiary of Procter & Gamble founded in Germany in 1921, develops and manufactures a wide variety of small domestic appliances that marry technical innovation, reliable quality and distinctive design. These range from electric shavers to beauty products. Braun products enjoy worldwide distribution. Please visit http://www.braun.com for the latest news and in-depth information about the Braun brand. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Ketchum Kari Stephenson, 212-796-9813 kari.stephenson@ketchum.com Release Summary Braun Launches New Series 3 Shave & Style, the perfect tool for starting a styling Journey. The new kit is ideal for men who are just starting their styling journey. Contacts Ketchum Kari Stephenson, 212-796-9813 kari.stephenson@ketchum.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Green Car Reports News Today in Car News April 5, 2017 Electric bikes, plug-in sales update... Electric Cars April 5, 2017 Putting plug-in electric car sales in... Electric Cars April 5, 2017 Plug-in electric car sales for Mar: Leaf beats... Large corporations, manufacturers stick with... Why electric bikes may deserve purchase... More Bolt EV charging, VW diesel costs, London... Did Mercedes turn its back on hydrogen fuel-cell... More News » First Drives First Drives More » 2018 Toyota C-HR first drive March 20, 2017 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid video drive review March 6, 2017 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid: first drive review February 21, 2017 Guides Green Car Guides More » Buying Guides February 10, 2017 Plug-in hybrid price guide: every 2017 model... Buying Guides January 17, 2017 Electric Car Price Guide: every 2017 all-electric... Buying Guides March 29, 2016 How to buy an electric-car charging station... Electric All Cars Electric More » Putting plug-in electric car sales in... April 5, 2017 Plug-in electric car sales for Mar: Leaf beats... April 5, 2017 Why electric bikes may deserve purchase... April 5, 2017 Car Types News by Car Type See all new cars » HYBRID ELECTRIC DIESEL FUEL CELL Popular Green Cars 2017 Chevrolet Volt 2017 Nissan Leaf 2011 Tesla Roadster 2017 Toyota Prius Video Follow Like Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add Us on Google+ Home News emissions Large corporations, manufacturers stick with climate pledges despite Trump Email This Page Your Name Your Email To (separate emails with commas) Message (optional) Send Your email was sent successfully. Close Large corporations, manufacturers stick with climate pledges despite Trump John Voelcker Apr 5, 2017 Follow John Add to circle Walmart store sign (via Wikimedia)Enlarge Photo The new U.S. president, Donald Trump, is working to eradicate every Obama policy to limit the carbon emissions that contribute to climate change. Having variously called the science behind climate change a "Chinese plot" to hurt the U.S. and referred to it using an expletive for bovine excrement, this shouldn't come as a surprise. He pledged to do that, and he is doing exactly what he said he would. DON'T MISS: Trump Administration goal: undo every climate-change effort A substantial number of U.S. corporations, however, are not following suit. Instead, they are retaining policies that commit them to reducing their overall carbon emissions and otherwise working to limit climate change. Their reasons reflect bottom-line priorities: lower carbon emissions reflect less energy use, which saves them money. Donald TrumpEnlarge Photo And, as a Bloomberg story last week noted, the moves also both counter activist pressure and position the companies against a risk to their future profits from the effects of climate shifts on factories and markets. Corporations "don’t have the luxury of denying" climate change or its potential impact on their businesses, Gina McCarthy, former EPA administrator, told Bloomberg. "They have to invest wisely." Companies that signed the pledge and continue to support Obama's climate-change policies include Amazon, Apple, Best Buy, General Electric, Google, Ikea, Levi Strauss, Mars, Microsoft, Nestle, Pepsi, and Procter & Gamble, among others. CHECK OUT: Trump's climate-change order: now what happens? Wal-Mart is the nation's largest retailer, and it was one of 81 large companies that signed a pledge to cut its carbon emissions in the lead-up to last year's landmark Paris Climate Agreement. Cutting carbon emissions is “good for the business, our shareholders, and customers," Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner told Bloomberg. General Electric GE WattStation charging "If ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process," he continued, "that’s a win too.” A separate piece last week in The New York Times asked whether corporate executives have the president's ear and can affect his decisions on climate policy. It noted that Jeffrey Immelt, CEO of GE, says climate change is real—and sits on the president's manufacturing advisory council. Environmental groups suggest that corporate CEOs can play a key role in influencing the administration's climate policies. How that might play out, and any evidence that it is in fact the case, remains to be seen. Last week, President Trump directed the EPA to reassess the Clean Power Plan issued by the agency, which requires each state to come up with a greenhouse-gas emission-reduction plan tailored to local conditions—and empowers the agency to develop one if the state refuses. Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt, 2014Enlarge Photo Under fossil-fuel champion and climate-science denier Scott Pruitt, who now heads the EPA, the agency is widely expected to dispense with the plan, though it will need to provide scientific justification for doing so. (Which should be an interesting fight.) Trump also rescinded several orders signed by his predecessor that directed government agencies to consider how climate change will affect their actions and how their actions affect carbon emissions. Green Car Reports respectfully reminds its readers that the scientific validity of climate change is not a topic for debate in our comments. We ask that any comments that deny the accepted scientific consensus on climate change be flagged for moderation. Thank you in advance for helping us keep our comments on topic, civil, respectful, family-friendly, and fact-based. _______________________________________ Follow GreenCarReports on Facebook and Twitter. Prev Post Next Post Tags: climate change Donald Trump emissions energy policy EPA greenhouse gas Politics Posted in: Green News Recommended Galleries 2017 Honda Clarity Fuel Cell: first drive of hydrogen-powered sedan Riding in prototype autonomous Nissan Leaf electric car: what it's like (video) Fast-charging a 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV electric car All-electric personal watercraft launch for quieter lake journeys   Contribute Send us a tip Comment Contact the editor Follow Us Get daily e-mail updates GO I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Take Us With You!   News In Your Inbox GreenCarReports Sign Up I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Related Articles London's $27 entry charge for pre-2016 diesel cars to start April 2019 When will it be unacceptable to drive a car with a tailpipe? Poll results Trump's climate-change order: now what happens? Google Street View car used to spot, quantify methane leaks Follow Us On Facebook Green Car Reports on Get FREE Dealer Quotes From dealers near you Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Zip Code: Go! Most Popular This Week 1 Lessons learned from early electric car: 2011 Nissan Leaf at...   2 Elon Musk as stern daddy: no central Model 3 speedo, head-up...   3 Tesla Model X electric car vs Toyota Mirai fuel-cell car: CA...   4 Mercedes-Benz electric cars to arrive sooner as urgency increases   5 Don't start-stop systems wear out your car's starter?   More » Find Green Cars Select Make Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ford GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Bentley Ferrari FIAT Genesis Lamborghini Lotus Maserati McLaren Rolls-Royce smart Tesla Select Model Go! Topics GAS MILEAGE HYBRIDS ELECTRIC CARS DIESEL ALT FUELS AUTO SHOWS Photo Galleries All-electric personal watercraft launch for quieter lake journeys Riding in prototype autonomous Nissan Leaf electric car: what it's like (video) 2017 Honda Clarity Fuel Cell: first drive of hydrogen-powered sedan 2017 Kia Niro: gas mileage review Fast-charging a 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV electric car « 1 of 5 » Get the Web's best green cars newsletter! We'll email you the latest in green car news every day. Subscribe More from High Gear Media   2018 Chevrolet Tahoe, Suburban RST are 420-hp frat-boy specials This E30 BMW M3 can pull away from a Lamborghini Huracán Lego adds the McLaren 720S to Speed Champions series Chevrolet adds muscle to Tahoe, Suburban with new RST package 2014 Fiat 500L recalled over powertrain glitch Ford reaffirms promise of self-driving cars by 2021 (but you won't be able to buy them)   News Reviews Buying Guides RSS Feed Electric Gas Mileage Car Types Company About Us Contact Us Press Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy Reprints Follow Us   © 2017 Green Car Reports. All Rights Reserved. Green Car Reports is published by Internet Brands Automotive Group. Stock photography by izmostock. Read our Cookie Policy.
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Apr 05 2017. 12 21 PM IST News in Numbers | Gillette plans to cut prices of some of its razor products by 20% In other news, the Uttar Pradesh government waived Rs36,359 crore farm loans Subscribe to our newsletter. howindialives.com Gillette’s market share in men’s razors business fell to 54% in 2016. Photo: Bloomberg Rs36,359 crore What is it? The value of farm loans waived in Uttar Pradesh. Why is it important? The waiver would be 10.6% of UP’s revised estimates of revenue. The new Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government, coming through with one of its major election promises, waived loans for roughly 21.5 million small and marginal farmers (or 92.5% of UP’s farmers) in the state. Tell me more: The state government, which decided the waiver at its first cabinet meeting, will raise Kisan Rahat (farmers’ relief) Bonds to raise money for the waiver, and propose it in its upcoming budget. Loans up to Rs1 lakh will be waived and will include non-performing assets (NPAs) and crop loans, both applicable for 2016-17. $100 million What is it? The amount each of Snapdeal’s two large investors—Kalaari Capital and Nexus Venture Partners—and its founders have asked of SoftBank Group, the third large investor. Why is it important? The money is to facilitate their exit so SoftBank can go on to sell the homegrown e-commerce company, whose parent company is Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd. The decision was reportedly reached at the latter’s board meeting. While Kalaari and Nexus want compensation for their stake, after resisting a sale earlier for fear of devaluation, the two founders—Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal—want the payout for them and their management team. Tell me more: The reports of crisis at Snapdeal have emerged due to lack of cash for the business, though the company, in another report, clarifies that it is seeking to raise $100 million from existing and new investors. In February 2016, Snapdeal was last funded and valued at $6.5 billion. A sale would not realise as much, according to observers. Rs17.10 trillion What is it? The provisional estimate of tax collected by the Union government in FY17. Why is it important? The sum is 18% more than what was collected in FY16. It is also more than the last revised estimate of tax collection at Rs16.97 trillion. Indirect taxes, growing at 22% at Rs8.63 trillion, propelled collections. Starting from 1 July, the goods and services tax will further mobilise an expected rise in indirect taxes. Corporate tax collections went up 13.1% personal income tax collections went up by 18.4%—even though adjusting for refunds would bring their growth down. Tax refunds went up by 32.6% to Rs1.62 trillion in 2016-17. Tell me more: Direct taxes were more than indirect taxes in absolute terms at Rs8.47 trillion, but grew at 14.2%. 20% What is it? The percentage by which Gillette plans to cut prices of some of its razor products. Why is it important? It’s an impact of its shrinking market share even as the Procter & Gamble-owned brand fights competition from new companies such as Dollar Shave Club (now a part of Unilever) and Harry’s. From more than 70% in 2010, Gillette’s market share in men’s razors business fell to 54% in 2016. Tell me more: Gillette, besides cutting the prices by up to 20%, will also focus on cheaper products. Traditionally, it had charged high prices by adding more (but mostly useless) features/blades, drawing criticism that it’s ripping off customers. 242,938 What is it? The number of children reported missing in India in the last five years. Why is it important? Of this, only 170,173 children, or about 70%, were found. In Delhi, this ratio was dramatically worse—only 36% of missing children could be traced. Human trafficking in general rose by about 25% in 2016, most victims being women and children. In case of child trafficking, besides kidnapping, abduction, illegal adoption, there are also cases of runaway children and dislocation during natural calamities. Tell me more: Government programmes to tackle this issue include Integrated Child Protection Scheme and a national tracking system for missing children. It is also getting children in orphanages and childcare enrolled for Aadhaar, India’s biometric identification programme, to help fight against illegal adoptions and child trafficking. howindialives.com is a search engine for public data howindialives.com Topics: Gillette Razor products Farm loans BJP SoftBank More From Livemint READ MORE Lawyers in Donald Trump’s travel ban case seek emails, subpoenas The movement of ideas Twitter creates ‘lite’ version for data-starved users First Published: Wed, Apr 05 2017. 12 21 PM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart set to raise up to $1.5 billion amid talks to buy Snapdeal Going overboard with cow protection What does Gorakhpur tell us about Yogi Adityanath’s development record? Latest News Lawyers in Donald Trump’s travel ban case seek emails, subpoenas The movement of ideas Twitter creates ‘lite’ version for data-starved users Services PMI rises for second straight month in March, reaches 5-month high Zomato says revenue up 80% to $49 million in FY17 Mint On Sunday Forget Matt Damon, The Great Wall is about China’s quest for global dominance The search for god through the eyes of a child How a famine happens: The tale of South Sudan The thin line between greatness and madness Letter from... Baselworld Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Surfactants Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Surfactants market accounted for $31.12 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $47.53 billion by 2022 growing at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 6.2% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand for surfactants in personal care applications, new investments and upcoming projects in emerging economies are the factors propelling the market growth. On the other hand, expensive raw material costs, stringent government regulations are the restraints inhibiting the market growth. The amphoteric surfactants segment has a share around 7% of the global market in 2015 and is projected to have highest growth rate during the forecast period. Synthetic surfactants of substrate types hold the major share in the surfactants market, as of 2015. However, due to strict regulations, bio-based surfactants are expected to grow at a highest CAGR in the future. Asia Pacific is also expected to grow at the highest growth rate owing to the growth in segments such as personal care, oilfield chemical, pharmaceuticals, etc. The second largest consumer of surfactants is North America followed by Europe. Some of the key players in global surfactants market include Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Akzonobel N.V., BASF SE, Clariant AG, Dupont EI DE Nemours & Co., Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, Huntsman Corporation, KAO Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company, Stepan Company, Croda International PLC, Solvay, RHODIA S.A., P&G Chemicals, and Lion Corporation. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/surfactants-market-2016 Products Covered: • Amphoteric Surfactants • Cationic Surfactants • Non-Anionic Surfactants o Amine Oxides o Alcohol Ethoxylates (AE) o Alkyl Phenol Ethoxylates • Anionic Surfactants o Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) o Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) o Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) o Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) o Sulfosuccinates o FAI Ether Sulfates • Other Products o Fluorosurfactants o Silicone Applications Covered: • Crop Protection • Elastomers and plastics Industry • Food Industry • Oilfield Chemicals • Personal Care Industry • Pharmaceutical Industry • Soap/detergent Industry • Textile Industry • Home Care • Paints & Coatings • Construction • Other Applications Substrate Types Covered: • Bio-based surfactants o Bio Surfactants o Chemically Synthesized Bio-Based Surfactants • Synthetic Surfactants Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/surfactants-market-2016 CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anti-Static Foam Pouch Market Value Share, Analysis and Segments 2017-2027 Next PostNext Spectrum Analyzer Market with Current Trends Analysis Search Recent Posts Biometric Vaporizer Market – Differentiation to Keep Competition High through Forecast Period Ballast Control IC Market – Technological Innovations to Create Lucrative Opportunities Argon Annealed Wafer Market – Technological Advancements to Play Important Role in Market Growth Single Board Computers Market – Technological Innovations to Create Lucrative Opportunities 3D Semiconductor Packaging Market – Key Players Focus on Evolving market Trends and Dynamics Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
DailyTimes | US business seeks action, not trade war, in Xi-Trump summit Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives US business seeks action, not trade war, in Xi-Trump summit By:   agencies 05-Apr-17 299 Top News MQM assails Sindh govt’s performance 06-Apr-17 231 KARACHI: The Muttahida Qaumi M ... PPP wants early decision on reference against ZAB trial 06-Apr-17 228 ISLAMABAD: The Central Executi ... BEIJING/WASHINGTON: Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China's leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be "very difficult" and "American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives." Trump has said he wants US companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within US industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the US market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world's second-biggest economy. But they also worry Trump's policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a 'grand bargain' involving other issues such as North Korea. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisors, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the US State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled. "With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it," said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group's Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China. Some of the largest US companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. US steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. US automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China's is 25 percent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China's new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to "stop rigging markets". It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements. In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing's most sensitive issues - the status of Taiwan - after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington's long-held "one China" policy. Trump signed two executive orders on trade on Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the US trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were "going to get down to some serious business" and vowed that "the theft of American prosperity" by foreign countries would end. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday the US-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries' economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services. China tops the list of countries who have trade surpluses with the United States, with a $347 billion surplus last year. Some in the US business community worry about tit-for-tat retaliation in trade disputes with China.Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the US-China Business Council, said the two presidents need to take "positive actions that would lead to a more durable relationship, not retaliatory actions that would lead to a trade war". The list of commercial issues between the two countries was so long, it would be impossible to make a major dent in them with one meeting, he said.  Sunday Magazine sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Investor Information Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2017 DailyTimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Breaking News Trump says chemical attack in Syria crossed many lines Trump drops Steve Bannon from National Security Council Australian regulator sues Apple alleging iPhone 'bricking' For Trump, Mar-a-Lago is place to break the ice with China's Xi Little progress reining in North Korea, U.S. commander says before Trump-Xi summit House will not reach healthcare deal before two-week break Twitter creates 'lite' version for data-starved users Senator talks all night as Democrats fight Trump court nominee New York, other states challenge Trump over climate change regulation Macron's lead narrows in French presidential election: polls Thu 6 Apr 2017 - 8 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Vacancies Archive 2016 2015 Home → Analysis → US business seeks action, not trade war US business seeks action, not trade war Tuesday 04th, April 2017 / 22:20 Written by Oman Observer in Analysis Critics within US industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the US market with cheap products from steel to solar panels.   Michael Martina AND Diane Bartz Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China’s leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be “very difficult” and “American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.” Trump has said he wants US companies to stop investing in China and instead generate jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within US industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the US market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world’s second-biggest economy. But they also worry Trump’s policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a ‘grand bargain’ involving other issues such as North Korea. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisers, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the US State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled. “With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it,” said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group’s Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China. Some of the largest US companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. US steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. US automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 per cent tariff on auto imports, China’s is 25 per cent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China’s new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to “stop rigging markets”. It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements. In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing’s most sensitive issues — the status of Taiwan — after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington’s long-held “one China” policy. Trump signed two executive orders on trade last Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the US trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were “going to get down to some serious business” and vowed that “the theft of American prosperity” by foreign countries would end. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said last Friday the US-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries’ economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Seeking to swing voters Next Post → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Want to fish for fun, take a permit SEAOMAN gets prestigious diving honour SQU team finds Cambrian era fossils MoH, RAFO stage evacuation drill in Musandam Read More ... Facebook Twitter 3 hours agoEpaper of #Oman's only #English 24x7 daily at /t.co/TWriKgWDAJ /t.co/lziJNuDr6r 9 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: @OmanOil Duqm Development Co plans to set up a huge petrochemicals complex at Duqm SEZ @Duqm_voice @Mog_Oman /t.co/JTb… 9 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: @Orpicgroup's new, dedicated marketing unit will support the growth of a polymers based downstream industry in Oman /t… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News FMCG Packaging Market Set to Grow Exponentially During the Forecast, 2020 Fast-moving consumer goods are the high volume, low priced items that are quickest to leave the supermarket shelves. They include durable and non-durable goods such as cosmetics, toiletries, detergents, batteries, plastic goods, paper products, etc. Packaging is vital to the FMCG market as it is an essential element for proper positioning of the product. Packaging allows effective communication between consumers and brand owners through graphics, colours, images, product information and logos. This serves as an important medium for communication and a tool for companies to distinguish product appearance from that of their rivals. In the fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) sector, packaging plays a key role in affecting consumer choice and thus an important factor in point-of-purchase decisions. Nowadays, the marketing environment has become competitive and complex. This is due to inclusion of modern marketing tools such as packaging, branding and other aspects at a large scale as compared to basic marketing techniques. In order to enhance product visibility in the market, packaging has emerged as a unique tool to create a direct impact on consumer perception about the corresponding product. Factors such as increasing middle-class population in developing countries, changing consumer lifestyles and technological advancements to develop eco-friendly packaged products are expected to drive the demand for FMCG packaging in the near future. Furthermore, changing consumer lifestyles support the demand for varied consumer products which is expected to enhance the growth of this market. This has led to differentiated packaging which indirectly affects manufacturers. However, compliance of stringent environmental regulations related to packaging is a key factor restraining the market growth. Creation of new materials with the help of sustainable packaging to offer efficient designs is a key trend driving the FMCG packaging market. Request For Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-110 The FMCG packaging market is segmented on the basis of packaging type and end-user industries. The various types of packaging materials based on the type of product include protective packaging, flexible packaging, paper-based packaging, rigid plastic packaging, custom packaging and others. These packaging materials face challenges due to sourcing based on parameters like health consciousness, mobility and consumerism in pharmaceutical and health products. Shift in global buying patterns of consumers coupled with a surge for value-added products has led to an increase in consumer willingness for premium products. Thus, to target the consumer spending for packaging, companies are focusing on developing attractive packaging products. FMCG packaging serves end-user industries, such as food, beverages, healthcare, cosmetics and others. Among all the end-user industries, the food & beverages sector serves as the largest market for packaging companies to invest in the long run. The demand for packaging in recent years is being recognized across the emerging markets with developed markets retaining their market share with a modest growth. However, demand from emerging markets is expected to record a double-digit growth in the next five to six years. Packaging in the FMCG sector accounts for a large share in the material cost involved in developing a finished product. Thus companies at a global level are developing innovative packaging solutions to minimize the operational cost. The FMCG packaging market is highly fragmented when analysed from the supply side perspective with less number of companies having a substantial share in the total market. This leads to less entry barriers for new entrants in this market. However, skilled labour, equipment and machinery are identified as barriers for a sustainable growth in the near future. Nestlé S.A., Procter & Gamble Company and PepsiCo Inc. are among the leading FMCG companies across the globe. Other prominent players of the FMCG packaging market include Kimberly-Clark, Altria Group, Kraft Foods, Mondel?z International Inc., Philip Morris International Inc., Unilever Group, Amcor Limited and Tetra Pak International. Request For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-110 ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Research on Advanced Mobile UX Design Services Market 2015 and Analysis to 2025 Next PostNext Global Ticket Gate Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Cloud Security in Retail Overview and Analysis 2017-2022 Brad Nierenberg – On Projections for Vigorous Growth in Interactive Sports and Gaming Sector Brad Nierenberg – On Projections for Vigorous Growth in Interactive Sports and Gaming Sector Bill Lerner – Advocates for Children’s Health and Safety by Offering Free and Reliable Footwear against Infections Global X-Ray Security Scanner Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle navigation news city campus crime map sports football men's basketball women's basketball ice hockey volleyball men's soccer women's soccer baseball softball opinion features puzzles multimedia contact Thursday, April 6, 2017 Larry Nassar coverage |    Apply for Editor in Chief features Engineering student wins Hertz Foundation Graduate Fellowship By Jaimie Bozack April 5, 2017 10:45 pm By Jaimie Bozack April 5, 2017 10:45 pm The Hertz Foundation Graduate Fellowship Award received more than 700 applications from students across the country. Among the names in the pile of applications was chemical engineering senior Rebecca Carlson. Carlson is a chemical engineering student who has recently been awarded the fellowship. She is among the 12 people nationwide to receive it.  The fellowship is awarded to students pursuing an advanced degree in engineering and physical sciences. Her tuition and cost-of-living is covered by the award, giving her the opportunity to research in her field and connect with other Hertz fellows. Carlson said she is currently studying RNA molecules and siRNAs. She is working to determine how RNA can be engineered to silence genes more effectively. “I really like the combination of the engineering approach and the biology, so what we are doing at the lab is trying to design an RNA to be more active and so looking at what sequences are the best,” Carlson said. Carlson is working as a research assistant for associate professor Patrick Walton in his bioengineering lab. Carlson said her passion for chemical engineering stems from her love for math and science. “I didn’t know that much about my major going into undergrad, so I really liked chemistry and calculus and math problem solving so I thought chemical engineering was a good major to pick,” Carlson said. Carlson grew up in Italy. She said after living there for 14 years she developed a love for languages. Her love inspired her to pursue a minor in Chinese. Carlson said she would like to incorporate her love for languages in her future. Her goal is to become a professor at MSU or another large college and she would like to start a research center in West Africa. “I really like the honors college at MSU and also just the size of the College of Engineering,” Carlson said. “The fact that we are at this big school with so many different resources and so many different clubs and things to join, but also that within engineering, I have class with maybe 120 people but we take so many classes together that I know almost everyone in my year. I think MSU is great because it is a big school but it also feels small.” Chemical engineering senior Laura Azouz said she met Carlson through her chemical engineering classes and through the club Bridges International. Azouz and Carlson are currently roommates. Azouz said she shares Carlson’s passion for engineering but said it was a struggle to grasp at first. “It is definitely a learning curve especially sophomore year when I first started to take the pure chemical engineering classes because they are unlike anything I have taken in high school,” Azouz said. “It is a whole different approach to things, and you have to be able to deal with a lot of variables ... and not be intimidated by that. Sort of take it step-by-step until you get to the solution.” Ariel Rose graduated in 2016 with a major in engineering. Rose and Carlson were partners in labs and the two worked on a senior design project in a 30-day process. “It is rare to find an individual who has both a drive for an achievement of excellence to the level that she does while still possessing a deep sense of humility,” Rose said. Rose currently works at the north Chicago site of Procter and Gamble. She said Carlson helped prepare her for her current position at the company. “Becca was a big part of my preparation,” Rose said. “My work with her did help me to gain another angle on the way to approach some of the questions I encounter and also to give me inspiration for the possibilities of becoming excellent ... seeing her drive in that definitely encouraged me to look for those things more.” Want more articles like this? Subscribe to our email newsletter! Jaimie Bozack related ELPD to host open house Thursday The East Lansing Police Department will host their first open house on Thursday at 409 Park Ln. MSU renames study abroad office to Office for Education Abroad MSU's Office of Study Abroad officially changed its name — the office will now be known as the Office for Education Abroad. The name change is part ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Please note All comments are eligible for publication in The State News. Sections news sports features opinion puzzles classifieds Quick Links about us advertise board of directors photo reprints privacy policy religious guide work here Social alumni contact us email newsletter Latest Print Issue All Content © 2017 State News, Inc. Powered by Solutions by The State News.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Professional Dental Care Market Research Report Analysis, Forecast and Outlook 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/05/2017 — Professional Dental Care Market: Overview The growing awareness regarding oral care and the soaring problem of tooth caries and periodontal diseases worldwide have led to the evolution of the professional dental care market. Numerous subsidized oral care treatments in developed and developing nations have made dental care affordable for a large number of people. The inherent link between general health and oral health, coupled with increasing inclination toward a preventive dental care, has stimulated people to prefer routine check-ups with dentists. The proliferation of private dental clinics, especially in emerging nations, has offered a robust impetus to the professional dental care market. Several dental providers are implementing advanced technologies, such as CAD/CAM technology, and adopting automated dentistry practices to streamline their workflows to meet the rising demand for professional dental care services. Professional dental care products typically include various dental accessories/ancillaries, denture products, and electric toothbrushes. Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=1799 Professional Dental Care Market: Trends The demand for professional dental care services and products is majorly driven by the increasing prevalence of dental caries among children and adults, a rise in disposable incomes in emerging economies, and growing worldwide awareness regarding dental hygiene. Various government initiatives in developed and developing economies have been focused toward making oral care more affordable, mostly among rural and low-income communities, which has propelled the market. The growing focus of various governments in advanced nations of Europe and North America toward equitable access to oral healthcare is expected to drive the market along the forecast period. The increasing adoption of digital dentistry among a large number of general dental practitioners is expected to create abundant opportunities for market players. Coupled with this, the rising demand for the advance oral care products, such as electric toothbrushes, and the rising popularity of cosmetic dentistry are expected to spur the demand for professional dental care. Request for TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=1799 Professional Dental Care Market: Market Potential Integration between leading market leaders in digital dentistry has led to the introduction of advanced automations solutions that will transform digital practices, pointing to the enormous potential of the market. Recently, Align Technology, Inc. and exocad GmbH announced a partnership to connect iTero intraoral scanners and exocad Chairside CAD software. The technology integration is significant since it will provide various clinical settings advanced workflow solutions for carrying out efficient scanning, design, and production of in-house dental prostheses. iTero intraoral scanners are compatible with exocad DentalCAD software used in dental laboratories and the soon-to-be launched Chairside CAD connection is expected to provide accelerated productivity and manufacturing flexibility for dental care providers. Using the software, dentists can import iTero intraoral scans of the patients to the Chairside CAD software. The dentists can use a wide range of restorative and esthetic dental materials within a user-friendly and intuitive interface. The benefits of premium quality, predictability, and flexibility of the offered by the connectivity of Chairside CAD software and iTero intraoral scanners are expected to stimulate its demand. Restorations can be made using various connected milling systems or using 3D printing system. The connectivity option will be available to consumers somewhere at the end of 2017 and is a precursor to the adoption of advanced dental technologies. Dental professionals using the interface will have increased freedom to design and produce different types of restoration. Professional Dental Care Market: Regional Outlook The major markets for professional dental care are North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. Europe accounts for a significant share and the growth in the regional market is mainly attributed to the rising aging population, increasing expenditure by the governments of various countries of Europe, the proliferation of private dental practitioners, and increased awareness regarding dental care. Asia Pacific is anticipated to showcase ample opportunities for market players along the forecast period. The impressive growth of the Asia Pacific market can be attributed to the rising count of geriatric population suffering from dental caries, soaring number of periodontal diseases attributable to substance use disorders, and rising dental tourism across the emerging nations of the region. Read Complete Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/professional-dental-care-market Professional Dental Care Market: Competitive Analysis Top players are launching innovative digital technologies, which has led cost-effective dental restoration techniques and procedures to transform the professional dental care market. Increasing adoption of automated technologies by leading dental providers has offered them a competitive edge over others. Major companies vying for a sustained share in this market include Procter & Gamble Company, Young Innovations, Inc., Ultradent Products, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Koninklijke Philips N.V, 3M, and Colgate-Palmolive Company. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global CRO Services Industry 2017 Market Solutions, Applications, Consulting & Developments: PAREXEL, CharlesRiver, INC Research Next PostNext Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) Market – Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2025 Search Recent Posts Worldwide PTFE Membrane Market to Grow at CAGR of 7.8% by 2017-2021: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, Forecast) Global LVDS Repeaters Market Competition Analysis by Type, Region Forecast 2021 Alfredo Beltran Leyva Sentenced to Life in Prison for Leading an International Drug Trafficking Conspiracy Attorney General Jeff Sessions Updates United States Attorneys and DOJ Component Heads on the Department’s Task Force on Crime Reduction and Public Safety Nevada Tax Return Preparer Indicted for Filing False Tax Returns Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Tapad and Matter More Announce Strategic Partnership Tracey Scheppach's new marketing and media practice leverages Tapad's device-level data to help clients achieve "marketing nirvana" News provided by Tapad Apr 05, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK and CHICAGO, April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Tapad, the leading provider of unified, cross-screen marketing technology solutions, and Matter More, a next generation marketing and media practice with deep experience in the advanced TV space, announced a strategic partnership to bring together world class digital data and audience development expertise to help marketers improve how they connect with consumers. As consumer behavior continues to expand across multiple devices, today's marketers need robust, comprehensive data solutions to accurately engage the people who matter most to their brands. At the same time, the TV industry has reached an advertising tipping point, capitalizing on the power of device-level data. "Achieving unduplicated reach and frequency across all channels with true addressability, and the ability to measure outcomes, is marketing nirvana," says Tracey Scheppach, CEO and co-founder of Matter More, a new agency built for the modern age. "The best opportunity to deliver 'marketing nirvana,' at scale, is by partnering with Tapad and using their world-class Device Graph to help our clients simply matter more to the people they care about most." "By leveraging our access to rich TV data, we can now measure the actual performance of media across channels," says Marshall Wong, SVP, TV for Tapad. Tapad's proprietary Device Graph™ unifies consumer behavior data across all devices, uncovering the interests, passions and behaviors of the audiences who matter most. As with any data solution, privacy, transparency and trust are crucial to bringing marketers a solid offering that delivers results. "Tapad is excited to partner with Matter More to tap into their knowledge base and experience working with some of the largest brands on TV today," says Kate O'Loughlin, SVP and GM of Tapad's media division. "The time has come to truly unleash the power of device-level data at scale." About Tapad Tapad Inc. is a marketing technology company renowned for its breakthrough, unified, cross-device solutions. The company's signature Tapad Device Graph™ connects millions of consumers across billions of devices. The world's largest brands and most effective marketers entrust Tapad to provide an accurate, privacy-conscious and unified approach to connecting with consumers across screens. In 2015, Tapad began licensing the Tapad Device Graph™ and swiftly became the established gold-standard throughout the ad tech ecosystem. Tapad is based in New York and has offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Frankfurt, London, Los Angeles, Miami, Minneapolis, Oslo, San Francisco, Singapore and Toronto. Tapad's numerous awards include: Forbes' Most Promising Companies, Deloitte's Technology Fast 500, Crain's Fast 50, Entrepreneur 360 "Best Entrepreneurial Companies in America," SmartCEO Corporate Culture Award, TMCnet Tech Culture Award, Global Startup Award's "Startup Founder of the Year," Digiday Signal Award, iMedia ASPY Award and a MarCom Gold Award. Tapad was acquired by the Telenor Group in 2016. Telenor is one of the world's largest mobile operators with 214 million subscribers in 13 countries. About Matter More Matter More, LLC is a next generation marketing and media practice focused on providing services that empower marketers to improve how they connect with people. An agency built for the modern age, Matter More's capabilities include addressable and advanced video, strategic audience development, TV data analysis and closed loop measurement. Matter More leverages only the best solutions available in the marketplace to design and execute customized campaigns that deliver results for marketers. Matter More's founding partners bring more than 50 years combined experience in the marketing, media and advertising industry, servicing leading advertisers including P&G, General Motors, Bank of America, Wal-Mart and Disney. Having executed more than 5,000 campaigns across addressable/advanced TV, online video, VOD and local broadcast for more than 125 advertisers, their combination of expertise creates a highly distinctive capability not available elsewhere in the marketplace. Media Contact: Haley Dercher Senior Director of Public Relations, Tapad haley.dercher@tapad.com  (646) 561-6525 or Tracey Scheppach CEO, Matter More, LLC tracey@mattermoremedia.com  (312) 810-1060   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tapad-and-matter-more-announce-strategic-partnership-300434768.html SOURCE Tapad Mar 16, 2017, 14:37 ET Preview: Tapad Propeller Program Effectively Boosts Early-Stage Norwegian Entrepreneurs My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 16, 2017, 14:37 ETTapad Propeller Program Effectively Boosts Early-Stage Norwegian... Mar 16, 2017, 06:00 ETSignal and Tapad Partner to Expand Customer Reach Across Devices Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Advertising Publishing & Information Services Contracts You just read: Tapad and Matter More Announce Strategic Partnership News provided by Tapad Apr 05, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Tapad and Matter More Announce Strategic Partnership NEW YORK and CHICAGO, April 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Today, Tapad, the leading provider of unified, cross-screen marketing technology solutions, and Matter More, a next generation marketing and media practice with deep experience in the advanced TV space, announced a strategic partnership to bring together world class digital data and audience development expertise to help marketers improve how they connect with consumers. As consumer behavior continues to expand across multiple devices, today’s marketers need robust, comprehensive data solutions to accurately engage the people who matter most to their brands. At the same time, the TV industry has reached an advertising tipping point, capitalizing on the power of device-level data. „Achieving unduplicated reach and frequency across all channels with true addressability, and the ability to measure outcomes, is marketing nirvana,” says Tracey Scheppach, CEO and co-founder of Matter More, a new agency built for the modern age. „The best opportunity to deliver ‚marketing nirvana,’ at scale, is by partnering with Tapad and using their world-class Device Graph to help our clients simply matter more to the people they care about most.” „By leveraging our access to rich TV data, we can now measure the actual performance of media across channels,” says Marshall Wong, SVP, TV for Tapad. Tapad’s proprietary Device Graph™ unifies consumer behavior data across all devices, uncovering the interests, passions and behaviors of the audiences who matter most. As with any data solution, privacy, transparency and trust are crucial to bringing marketers a solid offering that delivers results. „Tapad is excited to partner with Matter More to tap into their knowledge base and experience working with some of the largest brands on TV today,” says Kate O’Loughlin, SVP and GM of Tapad’s media division. „The time has come to truly unleash the power of device-level data at scale.” About Tapad Tapad Inc. is a marketing technology company renowned for its breakthrough, unified, cross-device solutions. The company’s signature Tapad Device Graph™ connects millions of consumers across billions of devices. The world’s largest brands and most effective marketers entrust Tapad to provide an accurate, privacy-conscious and unified approach to connecting with consumers across screens. In 2015, Tapad began licensing the Tapad Device Graph™ and swiftly became the established gold-standard throughout the ad tech ecosystem. Tapad is based in New York and has offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Frankfurt, London, Los Angeles, Miami, Minneapolis, Oslo, San Francisco, Singapore and Toronto. Tapad’s numerous awards include: Forbes’ Most Promising Companies, Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500, Crain’s Fast 50, Entrepreneur 360 „Best Entrepreneurial Companies in America,” SmartCEO Corporate Culture Award, TMCnet Tech Culture Award, Global Startup Award’s „Startup Founder of the Year,” Digiday Signal Award, iMedia ASPY Award and a MarCom Gold Award. Tapad was acquired by the Telenor Group in 2016. Telenor is one of the world’s largest mobile operators with 214 million subscribers in 13 countries. About Matter More Matter More, LLC is a next generation marketing and media practice focused on providing services that empower marketers to improve how they connect with people. An agency built for the modern age, Matter More’s capabilities include addressable and advanced video, strategic audience development, TV data analysis and closed loop measurement. Matter More leverages only the best solutions available in the marketplace to design and execute customized campaigns that deliver results for marketers. Matter More’s founding partners bring more than 50 years combined experience in the marketing, media and advertising industry, servicing leading advertisers including P&G, General Motors, Bank of America, Wal-Mart and Disney. Having executed more than 5,000 campaigns across addressable/advanced TV, online video, VOD and local broadcast for more than 125 advertisers, their combination of expertise creates a highly distinctive capability not available elsewhere in the marketplace. Media Contact: Haley Dercher Senior Director of Public Relations, Tapad haley.dercher@tapad.com  (646) 561-6525 or Tracey Scheppach CEO, Matter More, LLC tracey@mattermoremedia.com  (312) 810-1060   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tapad-and-matter-more-announce-strategic-partnership-300434768.html SOURCE Tapad TagsContracts Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Post Earnings Coverage as Conagra’s Q3 Adjusted EPS Surged 37.1%; Beat Estimates Next PostNext Medical Marijuana, Inc. (MJNA: OTC Pink Current) | Por Grace Foundation Announces Publication of Positive Independent Study Results in Mexico Using RSHO-X&trade; Search Recent Posts Third Acquisition for Frutarom in 2017: Continues Expanding Its Global Reach and Deepening Its Presence in Growing Emerging Markets Huge public backing for councils to reduce grass-cutting to help save our bees The University of Tsukuba and Toyota Jointly Open the R&D Center for Strategic Frontiers in Social Planning Cellulose Ether Market – Global Industry Analysis 2024 Biological Organic Fertilizers Market – Global Industry Analysis 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Fatty Amines Market Expected to Approach US$ 2 Bn by 2020 Applications in several end-use industries will continue to fuel the market for fatty amines globally. By 2016 end, the global fatty amines market is estimated at US$ 1,855.3 Mn. Developing countries in Asia-Pacific will remain the key markets for fatty amines, whereas applications in water treatment and agro-chemical industries will continue to generate significant demand for fatty amines. Fatty Amines Market: Request to view Table of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/fatty-amines-market/toc Corrosion inhibition, fabric softening, lubricant additive, organoclaying, and sanitization are some of the most popular applications, which are expected to sustain the demand for fatty acids in a market. A few other prominent applications, including mining, water treatment, personal care, anti-caking, oilfield chemicals, paints and coatings, and agro-chemicals, are also likely to register significant consumption. Rising global population resulting in increasing demand for food products is eventually driving the market for asphalt-additives and agro-chemicals. Similarly, growing need for water treatment will be a major factor propelling the market for water treatment chemicals, and in turn escalating the sales of fatty amines. The advent of technology and new application development will be a vital factor favoring the market growth. Mining, paints and coatings, fabric conditioning, and detergents, are foreseen to be the major verticals recording notable consumption of fatty acids. Industries associated with the paints and coatings vertical, such as automotive and construction, are foreseen to be among the prominent consumers of fatty amines. The volatility of the prices of raw materials and uncertainty of the fatty amines availability may, however, continue to create unfavorable conditions for the global fatty amines market growth. By product type, the global fatty amines market will witness continued dominance by the tertiary fatty amines segment. With the largest market value share of over 47% by 2016 end, this segment may experience a slight decline in its market share post-2016. Primary fatty amines segment, with over 29% revenue share in 2016, is likely to witness a Y-o-Y of 4.9% in 2017 over 2016. Based on application, water treatment segment is anticipated to lead the global fatty amines market. Agro-chemicals will also be another key segment, followed by asphalt-additives. Oilfield chemicals segment will also remain a notable application segment. Other application segments include anti-caking and others i.e. mining, personal care, and fabric softener. By region, APAC is likely to remain dominant with nearly 30% market value share in 2016. In 2017, this region will witness moderate Y-o-Y growth of 4.2% over 2016.  The next key market is North America that is expected to exhibit a higher Y-o-Y of 6.3% in 2017 over 2016. Sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12913 DuPont, Kao Corporation, AkzoNobel N.V., Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Procter & Gamble Chemicals Company, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, CECA Arkema Group, Lonza, and Volant-Chem Group are some of the leading companies participating in the global fatty amines market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/12913 Long-term Outlook: The global fatty amines market is projected to attain a value of around US$ 2,193.2 Mn by the end of 2020, expanding at a CAGR of 4.1% over 2016-2020. TagsFatty Amine Market, Fatty Amines, Fatty Amines Market, Global Fatty Amines Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Edison Issues Update on Quantum Genomics (ALQGC) Next PostNext Global Environmental Disinfection Robots Market 2017- Outlook Trends, Growth Factors, Top Manufacturers, Research Methodology and Forecasts by 2021 Search Recent Posts Canon Reveals EF-S 35mm Macro Lens & PowerShot SX730 Digital Camera; More Info at B&H Rockcliff Discovers High Grade Gold at Talbot Property Grading 7.49% Cueq across 3.94 Metres Exploration Underway at Three Projects Geophysics at Aspen and Later – Drilling at Palmetto Global Semi-Trailer Industry 2017 Research Report Dermal Filler Market Globally Expected to Drive Growth through 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Julien Rath Apr. 5, 2017, 4:11 AM 1,138 facebook linkedin twitter email print Television personality Bill O'Reilly. Mark J. Terrill/AP Good morning. Here's everything you need to know in the world of advertising today. 1.The O'Reilly Show ad boycott is growing. BMW, Mitsubishi, Hyundai, and Lexus are pulling their ads from the show after new sexual harassment allegations were made against the host Bill O'Reilly, the Daily Beast reported. 2. Publicis lost a lawsuit against the founders of a British creative agency it sued. The founders of Kittcatt Nohr Alexander Shaw were awarded $3.2 million. 3. A former Snap employee wants to unseal a lawsuit he claims shows how the company inflated user numbers. Anthony Pompliano sued the company for allegedly "falsely misrepresenting" its user metrics to investors ahead of its IPO. 4. A New York court rejected Facebook's request to withhold hundreds of accounts from investigation. Prosecutors had in July 2013 obtained the warrants ordering Facebook to turn over account information belonging to people suspected of criminal fraud. 5. Amazon beat Twitter on its deal with the NFL. The online retailer's video platform will stream Thursday Night Football games after agreeing to a $50 million deal. 6. Verizon's final four ads were all about the company's new mission. The telecoms company wants to position itself as a tech actor playing a bigger role in people's lives. 7. WhatsApp is building a payments service in India. The company is looking for a "digital transaction lead" in the country. 8. Airbnb joined a number of global companies supporting marriage equality in Australia. The company created a new ad calling on people to support same sex marriage. 9. P&G's Mark Pritchard said the ad landscape needs to consolidate. The company's CMO called for a simplified industry, as The Drum reported. 10. AOL's marketing chief explained the meaning of Oath. The name, which will launch this summer after AOL and Yahoo merge, will be the umbrella brand for all of the companies in its portfolio, according to Ad Week. NOW WATCH: Hackers and governments can see you through your phone’s camera — here’s how to protect yourself Loading video... Follow Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: The Brief facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The 10 things in advertising you need to know today The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Good morning. Here's everything you need to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Advertising Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News Riverwall damage evaluation must wait By Steve Vied Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 Man charged with kidnapping after taking child and vehicle from home Payless store in Towne Square Mall set to close Democrats elevate attacks as U.S.Supreme Court showdown nears Fiscal Court to vote on museum grant OCTC waiting for construction to resume Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Local Sports featured Mavs set for showdown series with RazorSharks By JOSEPH RUSSELL Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 Johnson's injury, weather brings mystery to Masters Mickelson searching for the magic Nicklaus used to win Masters at 46 Wildcats' Adebayo plans to test NBA waters Calendar Amazon intercepts NFL Thursday Night from Twitter Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Health featured Hartford family deals with son's recent leukemia diagnosis +2 By Renee Beasley Jones Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 Why doctors say kids need HPV vaccinations Would you raise a glass to a good workout? 20 percent of patients with serious conditions are first misdiagnosed, study says Trans fats once were good for us Hidden hernias: Oft-undiagnosed pains for women Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Serving the Seniors 1 hr ago 0 Sacramento set to seek fire station bids MCMS students receive reality check Sacramento News Protect poultry from bird flu Chamber News Less science, more industry at Trump's Environmental Agency by Lauren Coleman-Lochner Bloomberg News Apr 5, 2017 0 Congress and the Trump administration are planning sweeping changes in how science is used to govern public health. Controversy over climate change may be getting all the attention right now, but legislation under consideration would transform the way the Environmental Protection Agency combats pollution, identifies harmful pesticides, and classifies everyday toxins such as laundry detergent, window cleaner and clothing dye. President Donald Trump has vowed to flatten regulatory hurdles for American business, and Congress's proposed EPA rules for science would make commerce easier. The president has proposed a 31 percent budget cut for the EPA and installed an opponent of the agency, Scott Pruitt, as its leader. Pruitt began the new era of industry over environmental regulation last week by reversing years of scientific opinion, rejecting a proposed ban on chlorpyrifos, a pesticide used on fruits and vegetables that has links to brain damage. Bills under deliberation would open EPA expert advisory panels to industry representatives and mandate the use in formulating policy of what sponsors call the "best available science," which opponents say would exclude widely used research methods and delay action. An EPA program that certifies consumer products that are free of hazardous substances could also be in peril. Lawmakers and environmentalists are predictably split on the legislation. The bills "really pull the rug out from under the independence of the scientific process," said Thomas Burke, a professor at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore and former EPA adviser. "We're going to turn back the clock on public health. This is the most devastating blow I've ever seen." Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Texas, who chairs the House committee that oversees the EPA, said that "the days of trust-me science are over.'' "Open and honest science should be at the core of the EPA's mission rather than rules that end up costing American taxpayers billions of dollars,'' Smith said in a statement last week. That was Smith's rationale for the Honest Act, which passed the House 228-194 on Wednesday. It would bar the EPA from creating any regulation based on data that's not publicly available or can't be replicated. The law would mean eliminating studies that cite epidemiological research, such as the one that led to the banning of the pesticide DDT, which was shown to cause cancer in humans and deadly effects in birds like bald eagles. Leaded gasoline was also taken off the market due to epidemiological research, which exposed its link to brain damage in children. A day after the House approved the Honest Act, the EPA Science Advisory Board Act passed 229-193, allowing industry representatives to serve without special permission, while excluding scientists whose research receives EPA funding. Doing that would prevent extreme views, according to its sponsor, Oklahoma Republican Representative Frank Lucas. "We live in a very cynical time, where people question everything the government does,'' Lucas said in an interview. Revising the makeup of the board "creates a more balanced situation" and "will move the standard that is something closer to the middle no matter who is in charge of the federal government." But the legislation undercuts the EPA's mission, said Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, the ranking Democrat on the House committee overseeing the EPA. The bill "makes it easier for industry representatives with conflicts of interest to serve on advisory boards at the EPA while making it harder for scientific experts, all while slowing the regulatory process," Johnson said in a statement. The Better Evaluation of Science and Technology Act, also called the BEST Act, aims to decrease the number of lawsuits filed against government agencies and reduce questions about the quality of underlying data in their regulations, its sponsor, Sen. James Lankford, R-Oklahoma, said in a statement. Yogin Kothari of the Union of Concerned Scientists called it a "Trojan-horse transparency bill" that weakens regulations by casting doubt on the science used to back them. It could have the effect of excluding newer findings, which may reveal harm undetected by older research, he said. These bills come at a time when an update of the Toxic Substances Control Act, signed into law last year, could limit the ability of states to enact regulations that are tougher than federal standards. They still must be approved by the Senate, where they could be stalled by filibusters. Environmentalists say they fear a stroke of a pen could eliminate the EPA's Safer Choice program. Congress has tried to scuttle it before. The program approves household products such as laundry detergent and window cleaner that are free of hazardous substances. Companies governed by the program say they favor it. Last month, almost 200 corporations, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Procter & Gamble Co., Dow Chemical Co. and BASF, wrote to Pruitt, saying it "helps consumers, businesses, and procurement officers/purchasers to identify products that go beyond regular safety standards." But many of the same industries that fought restrictions on DDT and leaded gasoline in the past are trying to block regulation now, said Daniel Rosenberg, senior attorney of the health and environment program at the Natural Resources Defense Council in Washington. "If a bill would make it harder for EPA to protect the public from chemicals like lead, mercury and asbestos, it's something that no reasonable member of Congress should support," he said. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 49° Overcast Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Serving the Seniors Sacramento set to seek fire station bids Riverwall damage evaluation must wait MCMS students receive reality check Mavs set for showdown series with RazorSharks Man charged with kidnapping after taking child and vehicle from home Payless store in Towne Square Mall set to close Johnson's injury, weather brings mystery to Masters Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles News of Kushner's Iraq trip poses security risks Police Reports: April 2, 2017 Police Reports: April 1 Circuit Court Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Readers Write: April 2, 2017 (2) DCHS, CVMS win national archery championships (1) Library board puts brakes on expansion (1) Answering the question, why do teachers teach? (1) Walking to the Wall: Sacramento resident hiking 700 miles to view memorial (1) Ohio County considering moving Monroe home (1) City leaders bearing down on budget process (1) Gabe's new owner paid $500K for building, nearby tract (1) Stand up for Kentucky's public schools (1) KSP charge man with murder in disappearance of Ohio County man (1) Cars 2016 Sanibel Traveler 38qb $48,000 42ft, 5th Wheel. Has ALL $48,000 Updated 3 hrs ago Mitsubishi 3000GT '97 2 door, black, 6 cyl., 182K miles $3,000 Mileage: 182,000 Updated 3 hrs ago Chevy Trailblazer LT '04 4x4 leather, sunroof, new tires/brakes. 135K $4,900 Mileage: 135,000 Updated 3 hrs ago Stocks Homes UPSCALE NEIGHBORHOOD 2170 N. $695 Bedrooms: 2 Updated 3 hrs ago East - 115 E. 18th St. in Old Town. Nice Updated 3 hrs ago OPEN HOUSE Sat & Sun 12:00-2:00 3305 Spring Ridge Parkway Updated 3 hrs ago Special Sections 4-1-17 REIO Apr 1, 2017 0 Real Estate Inside Out for the weekend of April 1-2, 2017. 2Q/2017 Mar 24, 2017 0 Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation 3-25-17 AT Home Mar 25, 2017 0 All About Pets 2017 Feb 26, 2017 0 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
