Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Position Maintained by Aspen Investment Management Inc SG Americas Securities LLC Has $675,000 Stake in SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (SAIC) Commonwealth Equity Services Inc Reduces Position in Sina Corporation (SINA) Commonwealth Equity Services Inc Has $659,000 Stake in Roper Technologies, Inc. (ROP) Medtronic PLC (MDT) Stake Held by Arrow Financial Corp SG Americas Securities LLC Sells 7,252 Shares of Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Private Capital Advisors Inc. Maintains Position in Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $799,000 Stake in Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Lowers Stake in IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Alambic Investment Management L.P. Sells 400 Shares of Halyard Health, Inc. (HYH) J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Shares Sold by Youngs Advisory Group Inc. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Buys 100 Shares of Semtech Corporation (SMTC) Enterprise Financial Services Corp Sells 7 Shares of General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Molina Healthcare Inc (MOH) Stake Cut by Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Matador Resources Company (MTDR) Stake Decreased by Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Stake Lowered by Capital One National Association ITT Inc. (ITT) Position Reduced by Capital One National Association HD Supply Holdings’ (HDS) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at RBC Capital Markets Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Sells 13,607 Shares of Maximus, Inc. (MMS) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Decreases Position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) January 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mutual of America Capital Management LLC lowered its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 5.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 310,463 shares of the company’s stock after selling 18,310 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) makes up approximately 0.6% of Mutual of America Capital Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $27,864,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors raised its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.7% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 53,097,172 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,495,738,000 after buying an additional 376,640 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 5.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 37,893,606 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,208,452,000 after buying an additional 1,964,364 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD raised its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.1% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 23,158,248 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,960,808,000 after buying an additional 249,455 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cohen & Steers Inc. raised its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 10,454.9% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 20,623,882 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,473,320,000 after buying an additional 20,428,486 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 67.28% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 83.75 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $224.11 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.34 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12-month low of $74.46 and a 12-month high of $90.33. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $83.98 and a 200-day moving average price of $85.88. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.49 billion. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.98 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.20%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 71.66%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Decreases Position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG)” was first published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/12/mutual-of-america-capital-management-llc-decreases-position-in-procter-gamble-company-the-pg.html. PG has been the topic of several recent research reports. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Monday, October 31st. Jefferies Group restated a “buy” rating and set a $98.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Citigroup Inc. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Vetr upgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $92.75 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, October 4th. Finally, Argus upgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Company (The) currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.07. In related news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 0.35% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Meeder Asset Management Inc. Sells 55,237 Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Meeder Asset Management Inc. cut its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 73.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 19,609 shares of the company’s stock after selling 55,237 shares during the period. Meeder Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $1,759,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Eqis Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 5.0% in the second quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. now owns 24,849 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,104,000 after buying an additional 1,180 shares during the last quarter. Marathon Asset Management LLP boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.9% in the second quarter. Marathon Asset Management LLP now owns 2,051,718 shares of the company’s stock valued at $173,719,000 after buying an additional 38,942 shares during the last quarter. Windward Capital Management Co. CA boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Windward Capital Management Co. CA now owns 135,022 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,432,000 after buying an additional 349 shares during the last quarter. Union Bankshares Corp boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.4% in the second quarter. Union Bankshares Corp now owns 63,866 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,408,000 after buying an additional 898 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 97.4% in the second quarter. Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. now owns 108,067 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,150,000 after buying an additional 53,318 shares during the last quarter. 67.28% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.31% on Wednesday, reaching $83.75. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 9,572,186 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $83.95 and a 200 day moving average price of $85.89. Procter & Gamble Company has a one year low of $74.46 and a one year high of $90.33. The firm has a market capitalization of $224.11 billion, a PE ratio of 22.34 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The business had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $16.49 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be given a dividend of $0.6695 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.20%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 71.66%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Meeder Asset Management Inc. Sells 55,237 Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/meeder-asset-management-inc-sells-55237-shares-of-procter-gamble-company-the-pg.html. A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on the company. Vetr cut Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, October 10th. Argus raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, October 14th. Jefferies Group reissued a “buy” rating and set a $98.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $92.00 price objective (up from $90.00) on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $89.07. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Great Reasons to Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Here's why P&G might be an ideal addition to your investment portfolio. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 11, 2017 at 12:40PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) stock hasn't attracted much investor interest lately. Shares underperformed the market in 2016 and are up only 25% over the last five years, compared to a 60% spike for the Dow. I recently highlighted a few of the reasons why investors could be right to stay away from the consumer goods giant. But there are two sides to every trade, and so today I'm looking at three powerful reasons to buy P&G stock now. A diverse market leader Procter & Gamble dominates the markets in which it competes. Its collection of blockbuster brands includes franchises such as Gillette, which gives it an amazing 65% of the global share of razors and blades. Pampers, its biggest single brand, is worth $9 billion in annual revenue. And P&G is the global market leader in laundry thanks to the Tide, Ariel, and Downy brands that account for about 30% of all spending in the segment. Bounty paper towels soaked up a whopping 40% of U.S market share last year. Image source: Getty Images. Those enviable market positions aid the business in a few key ways that pay dividends to long-term investors. For one, P&G's sales don't swing wildly with economic cycles. Even in times of extreme stress, like last year's global growth slowdown and foreign currency dislocations, operating results tend to churn higher. P&G posted a 22% spike in operating income in fiscal 2016 as organic sales ticked up by 1%. Market leadership also comes with significant scale advantages. With one of the world's biggest advertising budgets, P&G supports its brands in ways that no other company can hope to match. And in recent years it has coupled that marketing strength with a highly effective sampling program that puts millions of its products into customers' hands on a trial basis. Seventy percent of new moms in the U.S. received free Pampers last year, and nearly 80% of young men tried a Gillette Fusion razor around their 18th birthday. Enjoying rising profits While sales growth rates might stay sluggish for the foreseeable future, P&G's upcoming profit gains are likely to be far more exciting. The company has already sliced billions of dollars out of its annual expense structure, greatly simplified its supply chain and manufacturing processes, and removed layers of complexity from the operations. Until recently, those improvements haven't made a big impact in operating results due to the offsetting headwinds of foreign currency moves and brand divestments. But its most recent quarter hinted at the types of accelerated gains investors should see in the future. Core gross margin jumped by over 1 percentage point to boost adjusted earnings by 12% in P&G's fiscal first quarter. The company's long-run target is profit growth in the mid-single digits and, while it fell short of that goal in each of the last two years, a stronger brand portfolio, coupled with lower costs, make it likely that it will meet or exceed that target in the future. Increasing cash returns Even as sales fell by 8%, P&G showed off its power to generate gobs of cash last year. Operating cash flow improved by 6% to pass $15 billion as the company converted well over 100% of its earnings into cash. PG Cash from Operations (TTM) data by YCharts. This productivity delivers plenty of funds that management can plow back into growth initiatives like research and development and marketing, and it also means gushing cash returns to shareholders. The company is on track to send $22 billion to its investors this year and over $15 billion in each fiscal year through 2019, mostly through stock buybacks. As a result of that focus on share repurchases, income investors might be left wanting more from a P&G investment. And if you're looking for market-thumping sales growth rates, you are likely to be disappointed with this stock. But there's a lot to like about P&G for investors seeking strong cash flow, rising profitability, and a rock-solid market position. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 11, 2017 at 12:40PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $84.01 up $0.17 (0.20%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Procter & Gamble Co 5 Must-See Slides From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Analyst Presentation Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 5 Things to Know Before You Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Great Reasons to Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock #stocks $PG
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argan, Inc. (AGX) VP Sells $190,826.50 in Stock Welch Group LLC Has $16,194,000 Position in Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Peregrine Capital Management LLC Acquires Shares of 319,143 ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 524,751 Shares of Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) Charlest Maxwell Buys 25,000 Shares of Tecogen Inc. (TGEN) Stock Insider Selling: Albemarle Corporation (ALB) CFO Sells $95,785.34 in Stock Stefan Jacoby Sells 2,540 Shares of General Motors Company (GM) Stock Capital Southwest Corporation (CSWC) Major Shareholder Sells $91,442.40 in Stock Mark Hirschhorn Sells 5,000 Shares of Teladoc, Inc. (TDOC) Stock Sparton Corporation (SPA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. (SHO) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Robert W. Baird Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT Has $18,950,000 Stake in D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) Vaughan David Investments Inc. IL Has $19,082,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Coats Group PLC’s (COA) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt WGL Holdings Inc (WGL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Iamgold Corporation (IAG) Lowered to “Underperform” at Credit Suisse Group CEB Inc. (CEB) Upgraded to “Equal Weight” by Barclays PLC Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) is Wade G W & Inc.’s 6th Largest Position January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wade G W & Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 2.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 151,948 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 3,764 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) accounts for about 2.5% of Wade G W & Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 6th largest position. Wade G W & Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $13,637,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of PG. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.7% in the second quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 224,212 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,984,000 after buying an additional 5,789 shares during the period. City Holding Co. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.9% in the second quarter. City Holding Co. now owns 52,541 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,448,000 after buying an additional 1,470 shares during the last quarter. Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.8% in the second quarter. Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC now owns 145,136 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,441,000 after buying an additional 3,901 shares during the last quarter. Culbertson A N & Co. Inc. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.7% in the second quarter. Culbertson A N & Co. Inc. now owns 78,161 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,618,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Gofen & Glossberg LLC IL increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.7% in the second quarter. Gofen & Glossberg LLC IL now owns 830,288 shares of the company’s stock worth $70,300,000 after buying an additional 6,011 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 67.28% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 83.40 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $83.95 and a 200 day moving average price of $85.89. The stock has a market cap of $223.18 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.25 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12 month low of $74.46 and a 12 month high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. The company earned $16.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $16.49 billion. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.98 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be issued a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.21%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s payout ratio is currently 71.66%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) is Wade G W & Inc.’s 6th Largest Position” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-is-wade-g-w-inc-s-6th-largest-position.html. PG has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, October 21st. Argus upgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $88.54 to $103.00 in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Vetr downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, October 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group set a $93.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $89.07. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Raised by Leisure Capital Management Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 11th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Leisure Capital Management boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 0.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 20,610 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 87 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) comprises approximately 1.7% of Leisure Capital Management’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 25th largest position. Leisure Capital Management’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $1,850,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PG. American National Bank increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Americafirst Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $112,000. Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $122,000. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 259.5% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,517 shares of the company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 1,095 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rothschild Capital Partners LLC acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $201,000. Institutional investors own 67.28% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded down 1.08% on Tuesday, hitting $83.49. 10,918,153 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $223.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.27 and a beta of 0.59. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $83.95 and a 200-day moving average price of $85.89. Procter & Gamble Company has a 52-week low of $74.46 and a 52-week high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 16.27% and a return on equity of 17.95%. The company had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $16.49 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.98 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a $0.6695 dividend. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.21%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s payout ratio is 71.66%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Raised by Leisure Capital Management” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/11/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-stake-raised-by-leisure-capital-management.html. PG has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Monday, November 21st. Vetr raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $92.75 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Argus raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a report on Monday. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $89.07. In related news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Stephens Inc. AR Boosts Position in Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Next » First Financial Northwest, Inc. (FFNW) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Environment > P&G Vows Zero Manufacturing Waste from All Production Sites by 2020 P&G Vows Zero Manufacturing Waste from All Production Sites by 2020 Jan 12, 2017 IW Staff EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Currently 56% of its global production sites qualify as zero manufacturing waste to landfill.  Advertisement P&G announced on January 11 it will make additional investments in recycling and beneficial reuse that will eliminate all manufacturing waste from its global network of more than 100 production sites by 2020. Currently 56% of its global production sites qualify as zero manufacturing waste to landfill. Plans are now in place to complete the remaining facilities over the next four years. This means eliminating or beneficially re-using about 650,000 metric tons of waste, equivalent to the weight of nearly 350,000 mid-sized cars that would typically go to landfills. “We are accelerating progress toward our long term vision and pushing ourselves to do more – with less waste,” said Shailesh Jejurikar, executive sponsor for sustainability and President of Global Fabric Care. “Since 2010, we’ve been working toward a vision of sending zero manufacturing and consumer waste to landfills. This announcement marks another step on that journey.” P&G will achieve its zero waste goals by ensuring all incoming materials are either: - converted into finished product, - recycled internally or externally or - re-used in alternative ways through partnerships. The company has been focusing on finding unique alternatives for its waste including the following: In Lima, Ohio, liquid waste from products like Tide and Gain are being converted to and other alternative fuels sources to power vehicles. In India non-recyclable plastic laminate materials from plants in Mandideep and Baddi, India are shredded and pressed into low-cost building panels. In China production waste from one facility is composted as "nutritional soil" for local parks; waste from another facility is being used as a raw material to make bricks. P&G said it is not only reusing and recycling for its own needs, but it is investing in local communities by helping convert its waste into raw materials and feedstock for other companies. Currently, more than half of P&G’s production sites have achieved zero manufacturing waste to landfill status, including a broad range of product families and geographic regions. In 19 countries (Germany, UK, Poland, Japan, Mexico, Spain, Egypt, Belgium, Ireland, Vietnam, Hungary, Indonesia, Czech, Romania, Singapore, Korea, Thailand, Turkey and Pakistan) all manufacturing facilities have met the zero waste qualification, and the company is approaching 100% of sites in other countries including China and India. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles P&G Announces Its First North American Manufacturing Plant to Achieve Zero Waste to Landfill Eighth GM Manufacturing Plant Achieves Zero Landfill Waste All Ashore? Reshoring Highlights Value of Analytics to Pick Best Manufacturing Sites Green Spot: Interface, Inc. -- Zero Sum Game For Good BMW Rapped for Zero Emissions Claim in British Ad THE LATEST Microsoft Buys Canadian AI Startup Maluuba Dyson Hire From Tesla Stokes Electric Car Expectations Lockheed Tells Trump It Will Lower F-35’s Costs, Create New Jobs Takata, Three Executives Charged in US on Faulty Air Bags China Investors Have Money, Want Biotech and Don’t Fear Trump Meet Leo: King of the 3D Scanners More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 9, 2017 News IndustryWeek Manufacturing Super-Luxury Autos in the US, and Hoping for Karma Points 2 The chief revenue officer of Karma Automotive talks about bringing Fisker electric hybrid designs back from the brink of bankruptcy....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Why Tax Reduction Will Not Create Jobs Tesla Unveils Pricing Structure for Supercharging Stations 15 Facts That Can't Be Ignored About US Manufacturing Mitsubishi on the Hot Seat as Japan Rethinks Culture of Long Work Hours Meet Leo: King of the 3D Scanners IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems Cross-Sector Success Guide for SCADA Trends in Accelerating Performance Improvements More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Markets US EU Asia Oil Bonds Gold Rough start to 2017 for Dow index plagued by downgrades Berkeley Lovelace Jr. | @BerkeleyJr Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 4:12 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Closing Bell Exchange: Fed taking backseat to Trump for markets    Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 3:04 PM ET | 03:20 Several companies in the Dow Jones industrial average have had a rough start to the new year. Nearly one-fifth of the index has been downgraded since Jan 3., including Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble, Goldman Sachs, Exxon Mobil, McDonald's and Disney. Earlier this month, Goldman Sachs downgraded staples brands Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble from neutral to sell ratings in two reports, citing a stronger U.S. dollar for one and the price-earnings ratio for the other. Shares of both fell about 1 percent on the day the report came out. Exxon was downgraded to market perform from outperform at Wells Fargo, citing a closed window for an acquisition. McDonald's was downgraded on slowing sales, while Disney was lowered by Pivotal from hold to sell to account for changes in earnings expectations and changing political risks. And Citi downgraded Goldman to sell from neutral in a valuation call after the recent runup for the financials group. Despite the downgrades this month, the Dow has come within a third of a point of hitting the psychological mark of 20,000. Thursday the index closed down 63 points at 19,891, with Goldman contributing the most losses. Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change KO --- DIS --- MCD --- GS --- XOM --- PG --- DJIA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Business Secrets of my success: Bayer's Najoh Tita-Reid Najoh Tita-Reid Thursday 12 January 2017 12:20 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard Tita-Reid said her biggest break was avoiding being married off at a young age What do you do? I’m the general manager for Bayer consumer healthcare in the UK and Ireland. My division includes brands ranging from Berocca and Rennie to the women’s intimate health range Canesten. Positives? I like that our products are genuinely helping people feel better, faster. We’re also helping save the NHS millions by providing products, advice and self-diagnosis tools for people that allow them to care for themselves and save them from visiting a GP until they need their expertise. I like that my job allows me to build brands and customer relationships, be that through retailers, pharmacists, GPs, nurses or specialists.  Negatives? As a leader, you’re always outnumbered. The calls on your time from internal demands like email can take over your life if you don’t manage it properly. Biggest break? My biggest break was that, when I was 11, my grandmother tried to marry me off in our village in Cameroon to a very respectable family. I explained that I did not want to get married at 11 because I wanted to graduate from university and run a company one day. She looked at me in the middle of the bush and stared intensely after working hard to arrange such a marriage, and simply said: “Then surround yourself with the best, learn from the best, strive to be the best, and lift as you climb.”  I knew as we walked back to our village that evening, looking at other young women with families, that I had my first big break in life.   Wow! And professionally? It was in my final year at secondary school in America. I knew I wanted to be a general manager of a business and asked one of the professors how to do it. He said I needed an internship at Procter & Gamble because they’d trained more CEOs than any other company. I said: “how do I get one of those?” and he said I wouldn’t: I was only 16 and they only hire MBAs.  Nothing spurs me more than being told I can’t do something, so I asked every adult I met for a year if they could help, and eventually one said P&G were opening up their intern programme to a few non-MBA students. I applied and got a P&G internship at 17 and had exceptional mentors. I worked hard to get an invitation back every summer through college, and the experience was so positive I stayed for 18 years. I took my African grandmother’s advice and learned from the best. Biggest setback, and what did it teach you? I got a job as Merck’s general manager for Western Europe consumer care and moved my husband and two young kids over here. But just a few months later the business was sold to Bayer. It felt like being the child of a single parent who suddenly tells you they’re getting married and the wedding’s tomorrow. It was, like: “Who is he? Do I still get to live in the house? Do I get to keep my bedroom?” Eventually, after being interviewed many, many times, I secured my dream job, which I have now. After sleepless nights of the unknown for myself and my family, it turned out great. I tell young people all the time: get experience because one day when things get shaken up, and they will, your experience is all you can rely on. How is your work-life balance? You have got to accept that there is no balance. I am a mother, a wife, a daughter, a sister, and I work eight to 12 hours a day. I only have a few hours to be with my family and perform all those other roles too. So I found that striving for harmony, not balance, helped me stop feeling guilty. I focus on trying to make sure everything is working well, and if not, I pause and work it out. We have childcare and I have taken the lessons from my upbringing and created a supportive “village” around us of fellow parents and friends to help out with things. It really does take a village to raise a family. What’s helped you most in your career? So many things! I was born and raised in the US but my dad is African, and every summer when I was growing up, we’d go to my family’s village. It has its own king and a tribe. You had to walk to get water and carry it back on your head. You’d bathe out of a bucket, make your own toys. Growing up with that, you will rarely hear me complain or think something is impossible: there is always someone who has it worse and I believe anything is possible! More about: Business entrepreneur Work Life career Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Redazione| Contatti| Pubblicità| Privacy| il portale dell'economia direttore Ettore Tazzioli Economia & Imprese Lavoro Green Economy Modena Reggio Emilia Bologna Regione Categorie Economia & Imprese Lavoro Green Economy Modena Reggio Emilia Bologna Regione P&G punta a “zero rifiuti in discarica” P&G ha annunciato questa mattina la nuova scelta in fatto ambientale che la vedrà impegnata nei prossimi anni nel riciclo e nel riutilizzo dei rifiuti con l’obiettivo di eliminare completamente gli scarti di produzione dalla sua rete mondiale che conta più di 100 siti produttivi, entro il 2020, focalizzandosi nella ricerca di un utilizzo alternativo per i suoi rifiuti. In 19 Paesi già tutti gli impianti di produzione P&G hanno raggiunto la qualifica di “zero rifiuti in discarica”. L’obiettivo è quello di arrivare al 100% dei siti in tutti i Paesi dove P&G è presente, inclusa l’impianto italiano di Gattatico (RE), dove si stanno facendo enormi progressi in tal senso. Il raggiungimento di questo risultato significherebbe riciclare o riutilizzare oltre 650.000 tonnellate di rifiuti, equivalenti al peso di 350.000 auto di medie dimensioni, che altrimenti andrebbero in discarica. Riproduzione riservata © 2017 viaEmilianet Potrebbe interessarti anche: Nessun articolo simile Articolo pubblicato il 12 gennaio 2017 in Ambiente con tag reggio emilia da Redazione viaEmilianet. Navigazione articoli ← Torna a cresce la Marca del Distributore Promotor: produzione industriale trainata dall’auto → In primo piano Il giovedì alle 22.10 appuntamento su Trc (canale 15 del digitale terrestre e 827 della piattaforma Sky) con la trasmissione legata al nostro portale e dedicata alle imprese e al lavoro made in Emilia Romagna. Nella diciassettesima puntata focus su il locale Ducati, tecnologia ceramica, Magni, Emil Banca Cerca nel sito Cerca TRC ECONOMIA Il notiziario economico di TRC dedicato a imprese, lavoro e finanza. Dal lunedì al venerdì alle ore 19,15 su TRC e su questo sito. Notizie in tempo reale Notizie in tempo reale ANALISI VIAEMILIANET SUI MERCATI FINANZIARI NEL 2016- LE PREVISIONI 2017 SUL “PANIERE EMILIA ROMAGNA” NUOVI ORIZZONTI PER LA ARTONI TRASPORTI Louise Andre è il nuovo ad di Expert System Usa Modelleria Brambilla: Integrae Sim sarà il Liquidity Provider   SHOPPING AMERICANO PER ALFASIGMA Visualizza tutte le notizie Flash Finanza Iscriviti alla Newsletter privacy © viaEmilianet.it 2013, riproduzione riservata | P. Iva 00651840365 | Privacy & cookie policy Design by Tracce powered by Miliaris
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: Beauty Buys, Dirty Phones and the Next Big Super Food Published on January 11, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Coty has been on a shopping spree for years, doubling its size with last year's acquisition of much of Procter & Gamble's former beauty business. But it has acquired a lot of declining brands – leading to a 7.5% dip in measured U.S. retail sales last year, per Nielsen data from Deutsche Bank. Now Coty has shifted gears by snagging a rising star. It has agreed to buy a 60% stake in one of the fastest-growing social-media-fueled beauty brands – Younique —in a deal expected to close later this year. The brand, marketed heavily by 200,000 direct-sales reps via Facebook and other social channels, had sales of around $400 million to 4.1 million consumers in 2016, according to a release by Coty. That's up from a reported annual run rate of just $24 million in December 2013. Coty is paying $600 million, which puts valuation at 2.5 times sales, relatively tame compared with some other beauty deals of late. Coty CEO Camillo Pane said in a statement that the company looks forward to "building Younique into a leading global e-commerce beauty company." Coty joins Unilever, purchaser last year of Dollar Shave Club and Seventh Generation, in buying faster-growing smaller players with big e-commerce businesses. Coty isn't the only beauty player on the hunt. L'Oreal has agreed to acquire mass skincare brands CeraVe, AcneFree and Ambi from Valeant for $1.3 billion. The brands have combined sales of $168 million, the companies said in a release, valuing them at a hefty 7.7 times sales. That's still below the more than 10 times sales that Johnson & Johnson paid for haircare marketer Vogue International last year. CeraVe in particular is growing fast, averaging 20% sales increases each of the past two years. L'Oreal will incorporate the over-the-counter brands into its mostly prestige and professional Active Cosmetics Division, whose U.S. sales will nearly double, according to Frederic Roze, CEO of L'Oreal USA. Interpublic's McCann Humancare has worked on CeraVe, and parent McCann Worldgroup is already on L'Oreal's roster. Lisa Curtis, Kuli Kuli founder and CEO Credit: Kuli Kuli Sticking with investment news, have you tried moringa? Kellogg Co. has, and it sees potential in the plant protein. Kellogg's venture capital fund, eighteen94 capital, led a $4.25 million Series A funding of Kuli Kuli, a maker of moringa-based products including bars and powders founded by Lisa Curtis. The deal marks the first investment for eighteen94 capital, a fund that launched last year to help Kellogg find and invest in innovative ideas. Other institutional investors in the round were InvestEco and S2G Ventures, Kellogg said. Kuli Kuli says moringa packs more of a nutritional punch than kale, and it was cited by The Wall Street Journal last year as a food trend to watch. "By investing in Kuli Kuli and helping them grow, we're backing a new superfood category, one in which we see the potential for ongoing high-growth," Simon Burton, managing director of eighteen94 capital, said in a statement. Mr. Burton was also named to Kuli Kuli's board of directors. Dove 60th Birthday #RaiseTheBeautyBar Facebook post by Jordin Sparks Credit: Jordin Sparks via Facebook/Courtesy Dove US/Unilever Dove is turning 60, and Unilever is celebrating the milestone with a new ad and limited-edition beauty bar engraved with the word "care," which the brand says symbolizes "the superior care Dove has provided women over the past 60 years." It's also rolled out the #RaiseTheBeautyBar tagline for the occasion to spark conversation about how people will redefine beauty, in keeping with the brand's long-running "Real Beauty" campaign. The social-media effort is backed by Jordin Sparks and Nicole Richie among others. Dove is a multi-billion-dollar global brand from an Anglo-Dutch company, but had it's origins in the U.S. Whoosh at CES sticker 1 Credit: Whoosh Whoosh at CES sticker 2 Credit: Whoosh What was the dirtiest place at CES? Whoosh!, which makes a cleaner to disinfect mobile phones, claims it was the phones of the many attendees. To drive home the point, it plastered 1,000 stickers like these with the "It's OK to text and poop" message, on stalls and mirrors in bathrooms around the Las Vegas Convention Center. In an ad deal with the center, Whoosh! is sticking them in bathrooms for other shows as well. From funny to sad in the bathroom, here's the latest installment of work from Deutsch Los Angeles, for Angel Soft from Koch Industries' Georgia-Pacific proving it's perfectly possible to jerk tears with toilet-paper ads. In this batch documenting the travails of two dads and a mom, the brand shows how they're both soft and strong – just like Angel Soft. Rise to the occasion Credit: DiGiorno Nestlé USA's DiGiorno is gearing up for the end of the NFL season with the help of Von Miller, the MVP of last year's Super Bowl. But the frozen-pizza marketer is not showcasing the football player in a typical sports spot. Instead, the rising-crust pizza brand enlisted DonerLA for a "Rise to the Occasion" music video, along with talent and production work supported by The Reach Agency. The nearly four-minute video, which launched last week, also features the musical talents of Redfoo, Marcus Perez, Devvon Terrell, Diamond White and Madilyn Bailey. Another star is DiGiorno's own Chris Brody, who years ago rapped as O-Fresh before getting into food marketing. Mr. Brody pops up at the 1:07 mark in a black and white jacket. The video is on YouTube and elsewhere, with shorter pre-roll versions on sites such as SI.com. The song is available on Spotify and SoundCloud. JSM Music co-produced the song with Redfoo and the video was directed by Rami Hachache of Prettybird Productions. Lastly, some news from the boardroom. DineEquity Inc., which runs Applebee's and IHOP chains, named Lilian Tomovich to its board of directors. Ms. Tomovich is chief experience officer and chief marketing officer of MGM Resorts International and becomes the 11th member of DineEquity's board. "She brings phenomenal energy, experience and skills in digital marketing, loyalty strategy and guest relationship management," DineEquity Chairman and CEO Julia Stewart said in a statement. Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Celebrity Digital Video M&A Music Packaged Food Restaurants Social Sports Sports Marketing TV Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Kimberly-Clark Corporation Stock Fell 10% in 2016 Unrealistically high expectations set the consumer products titan up for a steep fall last year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 11, 2017 at 1:01PM Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB), the consumer products giant behind blockbuster global brands like Huggies diapers and Kleenex tissues, badly trailed the market last year. Shares declined by 10%, compared to a 10% increase for the S&P 500 and a 6% gain for rival Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). KMB data by YCharts. Below, we'll explore why the stock stumbled last year while looking at its prospects for a brighter 2017. Overheated expectations Kimberly-Clark started off with solid growth. In early January it announced that fiscal fourth-quarter organic sales jumped 5% as emerging markets spiked 9% higher. That was enough to put the company at the top end of its target of between 3% and 5% organic gains for the full year. P&G, by contrast, grew by just 2% in its most recently complete fiscal year. The strong momentum gave CEO Tom Falk and his executive team confidence going into the new year, which showed up in its official forecast. Kimberly-Clark initially targeted between 3% and 5% sales growth in 2016. Cost cuts, meanwhile, were seen helping profitability rise so that adjusted earnings improved to as much as $6.15 per share, up 7% from the prior year. Image source: Kimberly-Clark. However, halfway through the year it became clear that the company had been too optimistic about its assumptions. In its second-quarter announcement, the company lowered its organic growth outlook to 3% as the business struggled under the weight of a demand slowdown across some of the biggest markets in the industry. Then, in its October quarterly report, Kimberly-Clark pulled down its full-year guidance yet again, to its current forecast of just 2% organic growth. "I am not satisfied with our top-line results," Falk told investors at the time, even though the management team was encouraged by the fact that the company held or improved market share across nearly all its product categories. Procter & Gamble seems to be the beneficiary of at least some of those sales declines. The consumer products titan posted its best growth rate in years at its last quarterly outing, with organic sales rising 3%. Management cited improving market share for the Pampers diaper brand against Kimberly-Clark's Huggies as one driver behind the better growth. Looking forward Kimberly-Clark is stumbling into 2017. Sure, it will likely announce an improvement over the prior quarter's flat sales result when it posts fourth-quarter results in late January. But organic gains should still be roughly 2% for the trailing 12 months, compared to a much healthier 5% at this time in 2016. As a result, shareholders will be eager to hear management's plan for sparking a sustainable rebound. That strategy should include cost cuts like the restructuring plan it announced in 2014 that sliced about $400 million out of annual expenses. Depending on their reading of the industry, though, executives might outline more aggressive measures, too. Something along the lines of P&G's brand-shedding initiative that removed 100 slower-growing franchises from its portfolio. The good news is that Kimberly-Clark's business is improving in key ways right now, including through higher operating margins, better cash flow, and spiking returns on invested capital. It matches up well against P&G as a dividend stock, too, given that the payout is growing in the mid-single digits while P&G's barely ticked up by 1% last year. The stock is likely to continue trailing its rival, and the market, though, until Kimberly-Clark can raise its sales expansion pace back up to levels that correspond with solid market share growth. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 11, 2017 at 1:01PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $84.01 up $0.17 (0.20%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $114.59 up $0.13 (0.11%) Read More 3 Dividend Aristocrats We Wouldn't Buy 3 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks to Survive the Brexit Panic These 3 Boring, Defensive Stocks Beat the Market in 2015 Kimberly-Clark Corp Raises Full-Year Outlook Despite Foreign Exchange Headwinds Kimberly-Clark Trims Costs Amid Currency Woes Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Why Kimberly-Clark Corporation Stock Fell 10% in 2016 #stocks $PG, $KMB
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 17 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Tool, Caviar, Big Block, RSA and Smuggler Add New Directors By Rebecca Hia. Published on January 11, 2017. Floyd Russ Credit: Tool Most Popular Tool signed director Floyd Russ to the integrated production company's live action roster. Russ directed the "Marriage Market" docu-short earlier this year for Procter & Gamble's global skin care brand SK-II, for which he won a Glass Lion at the Cannes festival. Russ' work for States United to Prevent Gun Violence, "Unload Your 401k," won Titanium and Silver Lions at Cannes. His other projects in 2016 include the "Voodoo Music Festival" for Toyota, music videos for Lil Silva and Scott McFarnon, and campaigns for Gillette and the National Parks Foundation. Greg Whiteley Credit: Caviar Caviar added director Greg Whiteley to its LA roster. Whiteley, a Seattle-born writer, director and producer, is behind films like 'Mitt,' which gives an inside peek into Mitt Romney's personal life during his presidential campaigns and was shown at the 2014 Opening Gala for the Sundance Film Festival. No stranger to Sundance, three of Whiteley's films have premiered at the festival over the last seven years. His most recent work is the docuseries ''Last Chance U", which aired on Netflix in 2016, and picked up an Independent Documentary Association Award for Best Episodic Series. Marcus Kuhne Credit: Big Block Big Block added Spanish director Marcus Kuhne to its roster. His visual for The Chainsmokers hit "Don't Let Me Down (feat. Daya)," which documents a drive through a sun-soaked California canyon gone wrong, garnered Kuhne a 2016 MTV VMA nomination for Best Electronic Video. Recently Kuhne helmed rapper Trinidad James' video for "Hipster Stripclub," churning out a dark, acid-laced short that blurs the lines between reality and hallucination. He has also done branded web content for Ray-Ban and Reebok. David Karlak Credit: RSA Films RSA Films signed filmmaker David Karlak for commercial representation. Karlak, 30, first captured attention in 2010 with psychological thriller "The Candidate." He went on to sell action/sci-fi pitch "Rise" to Warner Bros.; the feature film is now in development at Cross Creek Pictures with Karlak attached to direct. Karlak also directed a custom VR experience for BMW's design team in Munich. And he is working to develop new VR production tools and software as the creative director at Nurulize, a VR software company in downtown Los Angeles. Credit: Los York Content agency Los York announced the signing of director Jason Zada. His work includes the 2016 feature film "The Forest" (starring "Game of Thrones"' Natalie Dormer and, the Emmy-award winning interactive Facebook Connect experience "Take This Lollipop." Before moving into directing, Zada started the advertising agency EVB in 2000, which grew to a 65-person agency later acquired by Omnicom. He has worked at production company Tool, and with agencies including Wieden & Kennedy, CP&B, Leo Burnett, Grey and Saatchi & Saatchi. Benji Weinstein Credit: Smuggler Director Benji Weinstein has joined Smuggler. He was previously handled by Tool of North America for commercials and branded content. He has been profiled as one of Creativity's Top 20 New Directors. Andrew De Zen Credit: StunSpots Cameron Gade Credit: StunSpots StunSpots, the commercial production unit of Stun Creative, has named two new spot directors to its roster -- Andrew De Zen and Cameron Gade. A Canadian-born director, writer, producer, and editor based out of Toronto, De Zen has worked with clients such as Nike, Playstation, Joe Fresh, Victim Services Toronto, Indigo, and YMCA. Most recently, De Zen has been creating, directing, and producing a series of connected short films called "Of Walls & Mountains". Gade is a director, cinematographer, and writer of commercials and music videos who is based in Utah. His work includes spots for new technology such as RealSoulApp, and for accessories company Arvo. StrangeLove Team Credit: StrangeLove U.K.-based production company and media studio StrangeLove is entering the U.S. with offices in Los Angeles and New York. StrangeLove was born out of the creative hub of Passion Pictures and is launching in the U.S. with directors including a collective called Brthr, Geremy & Georgie, and Andrew Thomas Huang. Geremy & Georgie directed experiential project Target Spectacular and helped launch Florence & The Machine in the U.S. with "Dog Days are Over." Andrew Thomas Huang is a creative director for pop singer Bjork. In this article: Creativity Production Moves Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Montag, 16. Januar | 03:16 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 15:00 | 11.01.2017 Procter & Gamble’s Environmental New Year’s Resolution – Send Zero Manufacturing Waste to Landfill From All Production Sites by 2020 P&G announced today additional investments in recycling and beneficial reuse that will eliminate all manufacturing waste from its global network of more than 100 production sites by 2020. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170111005264/en/ Since P&G began qualifying sites as zero manufacturing waste to landfill, 56% of its global production sites have achieved this milestone. Plans are now in place to complete the remaining facilities over the next four years. This means eliminating or beneficially re-using about 650,000 metric tons of waste, equivalent to the weight of nearly 350,000 mid-sized cars that would typically go to landfills. “We are accelerating progress toward our long term vision and pushing ourselves to do more – with less waste,” said Shailesh Jejurikar, executive sponsor for sustainability and President of Global Fabric Care. “Since 2010, we’ve been working toward a vision of sending zero manufacturing and consumer waste to landfills. This announcement marks another step on that journey.” P&G will achieve its zero waste goals by ensuring all incoming materials are either: – converted into finished product, – recycled internally or externally or – re-used in alternative ways through partnerships. P&G has been focusing on finding unique alternatives for its waste. For example, in Lima, Ohio, liquid waste from products like Tide and Gain are being converted to and other alternative fuels sources to power vehicles. Non-recyclable plastic laminate materials from our plants in Mandideep and Baddi, India are shredded and pressed into low-cost building panels. Through efforts such as these around the globe, P&G is not only reusing and recycling for its own needs, it is investing in local communities by helping convert its waste into raw materials and feedstock for other companies. Currently, more than half of P&G’s production sites have achieved zero manufacturing waste to landfill status, including a broad range of product families and geographic regions. In 19 countries (Germany, UK, Poland, Japan, Mexico, Spain, Egypt, Belgium, Ireland, Vietnam, Hungary, Indonesia, Czech, Romania, Singapore, Korea, Thailand, Turkey and Pakistan) all manufacturing facilities have met the zero waste qualification, and the Company is approaching 100% of sites in other countries including China and India. “Our employees are using the same innovation skills and zero loss mentality they put into manufacturing our products to drive out waste,” said Yannis Skoufalos, P&G President of Global Product Supply. “For example surfactants from Head and Shoulders waste in China are repurposed into carwash, while scrap from our Tampax plant in Canada is used to make emergency spill containment products. These innovative external partnerships enable our sites to see scrap not as waste, but as potential worth for someone else.” For more information, please visit http://us.pg.com/sustainability/environmental-sustainability/focused-on/waste. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170111005264/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 20:35 Uhr | 15.01.2017 dpa-AFX-Überblick: UNTERNEHMEN - ... 19:42 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Klimaabkommen: Französischer ... 18:52 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Allianz-Chef: Wir können keinen ... 18:46 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Guter Start der Messe CMT - mehr ... 18:23 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Söder: Bürger mit ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search From Lawsuits to a Recall: More Growing Pains for Jessica Alba’s Billion-Dollar Honest Empire ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More From Lawsuits to a Recall: More Growing Pains for Jessica Alba’s Billion-Dollar Honest Empire By Jade Scipioni Published January 12, 2017 Industries FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Print NEW YORK, NY - JANUARY 17: Jessica Alba attends the Jessica Alba Launches Honest.com party at ABC Kitchen on January 17, 2012 in New York City. (Photo by Theo Wargo/Getty Images for Honest.com) (2012 Getty Images) Hollywood actress Jessica Alba’s Honest Company seemed to be well on its way to becoming a consumer goods empire. Continue Reading Below In 2015, the starlet made the cover of Forbes for creating a billion-dollar company – which today is valued at $1.7 billion – that focuses on non-toxic, organic products. And she did it in just six years, which is something that attracted the attention of big corporations like Unilever and Proctor & Gamble. The two corporate giants were reportedly in talks to acquire Honest last year.  But along with the fast growth came growing pains –and they keep coming. After facing lawsuits over some of the ingredients used in its products, this week Honest Company announced a recall of its organic baby powder due to concerns it may cause skin irritation. One brand expert said even if the company is out in front of the complaint this time, it’s not good for business. “From falsely labeled as organic to a full-blown product recall, consumers have complained on social media widely about issues with the Honest companies products,” Kris Ruby, a brand expert and founder of Ruby Media Group, told FOXBusiness.com. “When customers sense the disconnect of what they were led to believe vs. the amount of product lawsuits they are now seeing, that absolutely tarnishes the long term-brand equity in Alba’s brand.” Related Stories Jessica Alba's Honest Co recalls organic baby powder in US First Sunscreen, Now Baby Food—Jessica Alba's Honest Co. Under Fire Jessica Alba's Honest Co. May Not Be So Honest An Honest Company spokeswoman said it recalled its baby powder out of an “abundance of caution,” but did not immediately comment on the prior product snafus.   “The Honest Company’s products are regularly tested to ensure their safety and quality,” the company said in a statement. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT In 2015, three years after the company began selling products, it was hit with its first class-action lawsuit seeking $5 million in damages for false advertising and causing physical harm to customers, who claimed their Honest Sunscreen SPF 30 made them suffer from severe burns and was ineffective. At the time, Honest released a statement saying its sunscreen was tested by an independent third party and it planned to “make things right.” The suit is still ongoing. Last year, the company was hit with three more lawsuits. One suit, involving laundry detergent, was filed after a Wall Street Journal investigation found sodium laurel sulfate (SLS), an ingredient that claims to “cause health problems for some,” in the company’s “honestly free” laundry detergent. The lawsuit claims the company falsely advertises its products. Honest later released a statement saying that the WSJ report was false, and that they use Sodium Coco Sulfate (SCS), not SLS like the report claimed. A month later, the company’s conditioning detangler and shampoo & body wash ended up in another lawsuit that alleged the products actually contained synthetic and toxic ingredients – even though its advertising claimed “no harsh chemicals.” And last spring, the Organic Consumers Association filed a suit alleging that Honest’s Organic Infant Formula is “in fact is not organic.” The suit alleges that 11 ingredients found in the formula violated the California Organic Products Act of 2003. The case was later dismissed but the Organic Consumers Association told FOXBusiness.com that it was appealing that decision. “We believe that on appeal, we will show that products in question do in fact violate USDA organic standards, and therefore the company's use of the ‘organic’ label is deceptive. Consumers expect all products labeled ‘USDA Organic’ to adhere to organic standards,” the organization said. “The Honest Co.'s infant formula, as the lawsuit clearly states, contains substances that are prohibited under those standards.” Earlier this week, the company issued a voluntary recall for all bottles of its organic baby power that has been sold in the United States following concerns it caused eye and skin infections. The company said the decision was reached after recent tests detected possible contaminations from microorganisms that could cause infections. Karen Post, author of the book “Brand Turnaround,” said the voluntary recall is actually a good sign for Alba’s company. “As long as she and her company leaders demonstrate they are responding responsibly to a product recall, she and they can manage through this,” Post told FOXBusiness.com. “Today, the public is very used to good companies getting hit with bad events that are often out of their direct control.” Branding expert Kait LeDonne agrees. She said Alba created the company because she genuinely wanted to see “a world that was safer for children and free of harsh ingredients.” “Sure, they have experienced a few issues, and they will weather them like any company presented with setbacks,” LeDonne said. “Had her purpose in starting the Honest Company been just another way to increase her brand equity, these issues may be detrimental to her brand. However, since I don't believe her own brand equity was the driving force behind starting Honest, I think her brand will come out stronger and ultimately be just fine.” Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Trader Talk with Bob Pisani Here's why markets are fading going into earnings season Bob Pisani | @BobPisani Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 1:31 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images A man is reflected in a sign outside of the JPMorgan Chase headquarters in New York City. Markets are weak Thursday going into earnings season for very good reasons. Until this week, stocks, the dollar, and 10-year yields have mostly moved sideways since mid-December. But this week the 10-year yield has slid to the lowest level since the end of November, and the dollar has slid back to its early December levels. I have called the market a "coiled spring" several times in the past week because markets are priced for perfection: stocks are at highs, investor sentiment is at highs, and consumer sentiment is at highs. On top of that, there are high — VERY high — expectations that earnings will expand in 2017. Some are anticipating the S&P 500 could put up a 20 percent increase in overall earnings. That is a LOT to ask. Throw in the now well-known "Trump tweet risk" and the difficulty of knowing the final impact of the Trump campaign promises of lower taxes/less/regulation/fiscal stimulus, and you've got plenty of reason for the markets to take a pause. Not surprisingly, some big names have seen downgrades this week, including Disney and Boeing today, joining Coca-Cola, Goldman Sachs and Procter & Gamble. It's worth noting expectations for bank earnings, since JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, and PNC report tomorrow. While most industries are not seeing any increase in earnings expectations for 2017 since the election, earnings for big banks have seen modest increases. JPMorgan, for example, has seen 2017 earnings estimates go from $6.25 prior to the election to $6.50 today, according to Factset. That's a rise of about 4 percent. Other banks have also seen a rise in 2017 estimates since the election: Banks: 2017 earnings revisions (since Nov. 1) JPMorgan: up 4% Bank of America: up 7.6% PNCBank: up 3.1% WellsFargo: up 2.2% Source: Factset This is good news, but the problem is prices have run up big. The Bank ETF (KBE) is about 20 percent since the elections. Here's an additional problem: it's highly unlikely we are going to get 2017 earnings guidance from JPMorgan, Bank of America, Wells Fargo or PNC. None of them gave 2016 guidance at this time last year. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon will certainly comment on the economy (I expect him to be upbeat) but he is notoriously dismissive of guidance. In a 2015 Bloomberg interview, Dimon took a dim view of predicting the future: "Don't make earnings forecasts. You don't know what's going to happen every quarter. I don't even care about quarterly earnings." Finally, I've been asked repeatedly how to play the bank earnings season. Unfortunately, precedent is not a lot of help. Our partners at Kensho note that JPMorgan has beaten estimates 22 times since 2010—that's about 75 percent of the time. On week later, JPMorgan is down an average of 0.3 percent, while the KBE is down an average of 0.2 percent. In other words, banks typically do not rally after earnings season. Where's all this going? I am bullish on earnings for the year, I believe they will see a nice boost. I'm not sure about 20 percent, but 10 percent is certainly doable. But the period we are going into now will be characterized by a dearth of clear information, and the markets need to take a breath and believe the data will be forthcoming. If it's tax cuts you are looking for, there are some positive signs already: the efforts to remove the Obamacare tax — already underway — will take capital gains taxes from 23.8 percent to 20 percent. That can happen very quickly! Bob PisaniCNBC "On-Air Stocks" Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GS --- S&P 500 --- Trader Talk Bank earnings good enough, Dimon upbeat on economy Bank of America, PNC and JPMorgan all beat on the bottom line, while Wells Fargo at 96 cents was a bit shy of the $1 consensus. Here's why markets are fading going into earnings season Bank earnings could push stocks past the tipping point. Here's why stocks reacted so strongly to the Trump presser Here's why you should be cautious ahead of bank earnings Analysts are raising a red flag ahead of Q4 bank earnings. More From Trader Talk Pisani: Here's why no one knows how to model the Trump rally Here's why an old trading strategy is not working — yet Pisani's New Year's toast: Here's to better forecasting in 2017 Pisani: Here's what will move stocks in 2017 The markets in January: What's next? Pisani: Why the Trump rally will hit headwinds in 2017 Here's the No. 1 reason the Dow is on the cusp of 20,000 IPOs 2017: Here's why issuers are hoping for a big comeback Industrials try to lower expectations: Should we take them seriously? Why the market shouldn't worry too much about Yellen's rate hike talk Bob Pisani A CNBC reporter since 1990, Bob Pisani covers Wall Street from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NetNet  Trader Talk  Wall Street KKR: Trump, Brexit signal 'paradigm shift' Focusing on financial assets will give way to growth-oriented policies and more focus on domestic agendas. This is the $2 billion deal that Trump turned down President-elect Donald Trump said Wednesday that he had said no to a $2 billion deal from luxury property developer Damac Properties to avoid any conflicts of interest. Britain's finance industry drops demands for passporting after Brexit Britain's finance industry has given up on efforts to keep full access to the European Union after Brexit. Markets Market a bit over its skis, but a trader says this asset is creating a striking opportunity Why one analyst believes the Trump rally could turn into the Trump correction Wall Street awaits Trump's inauguration, but two presidents could move the markets in the week ahead S&P 500 will end lower at 2,100 this year, expert predicts Trump throws some cold water on the zooming dollar
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Eye Makeup Market 2021 Development Trends ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Eye Makeup 2021 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 12, 2017 ) This report studies Eye Makeup in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Este Lauder L'Oral LVMH Mot Hennessy Louis Vuitton The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) Shiseido Amway Avon Clarins Coty For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-eye-makeup-market-research-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Eye Makeup in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Eye Makeup in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001415973/sample Table of Content 1 Eye Makeup Overview 2 Global Eye Makeup Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Eye Makeup Analysis by Region 3 Global Eye Makeup Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 3.1 Global Eye Makeup Production by Region (2011-2016) 3.2 Global Eye Makeup Production Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.3 Global Eye Makeup Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2011-2016) 3.4 Global Eye Makeup Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.5 North America Eye Makeup Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.6 Europe Eye Makeup Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.7 China Eye Makeup Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.8 Japan Eye Makeup Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.9 Southeast Asia Eye Makeup Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 3.10 India Eye Makeup Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 4 Global Eye Makeup Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Eye Makeup Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Eye Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Eye Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.4 China Eye Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Eye Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Eye Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.7 India Eye Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Eye Makeup Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Eye Makeup Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Eye Makeup Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Eye Makeup Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Eye Makeup Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) 6 Global Eye Makeup Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Eye Makeup Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Eye Makeup Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Eye Makeup Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Este Lauder 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Eye Makeup Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 Este Lauder Eye Makeup Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 L'Oral 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Eye Makeup Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 L'Oral Eye Makeup Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001415973/discount. 8 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001415973/buy/2900. Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← ‘Doesn’t seem right’: Funeral home charges grieving families cremation ‘carbon tax’ McCain Says He Gave Trump Dossier to FBI → VA Whistleblower Received Death Threats for Supporting Troop Who Died Awaiting Care Posted on January 12, 2017 by Andrew Midkiff Free Thought Project – by Jack Burns Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez isn’t just a whistleblower in the Veterans Affairs Administration. He happens to be the Chief of Specialty Care Clinics at the Phoenix VA Health Care System, the same system of VA hospitals which were at the center of the firestorm of the scandalous controversy of 2014. Freethinkers may recall the Phoenix VA hospital was ground zero for a scheduling scandal where some 40 veterans passed away while waiting to see a doctor at the VA.   The scandal led to the firing of several senior-level hospital administrators, criminal investigations by the FBI, several bills in Congress passed to protect veteran’s healthcare needs, and eventually led to the replacement of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. President Obama replaced VA Sec. Eric Shinseki with former Proctor & Gamble CEO Robert A. McDonald. But Phoenix, AZ’s Rodriguez says more work still needs to be done, and he blew the whistle again in March 2016, on the VA’s handling of canceling appointments. Recall that the first scandal involved veterans not being able to get an appointment in time, leading to several deaths. Rodriguez noticed appointments made by veterans who had already passed away were being cancelled by those same dead veterans. Rodriguez took his case to the court of public opinion and, according to AZ Family, the Chief of Specialty Care Clinics showed reporters several screenshots which indicated the deceased veterans had actually cancelled their own appointments. AZ Family reported in March, “hundreds of appointments that were more than 120 days past due to be scheduled were deleted from the system. That means many are still waiting to be seen and might not even realize they’re no longer in the system. ‘Obviously, if you’re deceased you’re not going to call the clinic and cancel your own appointment,’ said Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez, Chief of Specialty Care Clinics at the Phoenix VA.” Months later, in May of 2016, Rodriguez, an Army veteran, felt the need to use the federal whistleblower system to report alleged retaliation against him, which he claimed also included death threats. According to the whistleblower form obtained by The Free Thought Project, Rodriguez alleged, “The Medical Center Deputy Director and the Medical Center Director have engaged in retaliation by notifying me that I was going to be removed from my position as Chief of Specialty Care Clinics at the Phoenix VA. The intent of these acts is merely to retaliate against me for exposing wrong doing, patient deaths due to delay of care, and mismanagement of Veterans programs by executive leadership and mid level managers. In addition I have exposed continued mismanagement at the Health System Specialist Level, Supervisory Level and Human Resources which has created a hostile working environment for me.” The VA executive, after making the case that the retaliation against him was because he blew the whistle, then detailed the type of harassment he’s received since coming forward with such damning accusations. “I’m continually harassed by management at the highest levels, kept from meetings, have had my duties removed, and have been threatened with removal. In addition data shows that my leadership has enabled the facility to reduce patient backlog in consults, appointments for the last year and I have been still rated as fully successful in order to deny me advancement. In addition I have been denied advancement in positions I have applied for and have been recommended for hiring, again due to my whistleblower status.” Whistleblowers are supposed to be protected under the federal Whistleblower Protection Act, from harassment for speaking out, but Rodriguez says he feels anything but protected. “Also the facility has failed to create a safe environment for me and has allowed various employees to threaten me physically, and one employee who threatened my life are still allowed to operate with impunity,” he writes. He also notes that his complaints to administration have fallen on deaf ears. “In addition I have and continue to be slandered by other managers at the phoenix VA with executive leadership knowing about it, and covering it up. The executive leadership of the facility seems to encourage personal attacks upon me professionally by allowing these attacks to happen. I have been subjected to this abuse for over a year now and they are still occurring,” he writes. Now, Rodriguez is being called to answer for his actions. Instead of the VA answering for theirs, according to The Free Beacon, Rodriguez is, “now being forced to testify before an Administrative Investigation Board (AIB) regarding allegations that his department leadership created a hostile work environment and engaged in discriminatory practices. In conversations with the Washington Free Beacon, Rodriguez described the administrative investigation as the latest attempt by hospital leaders to ‘deflect from their malfeasance,’ claiming that hospital staffers have been retaliating against him for months after he blew the whistle on management failings at the facility.” By all appearances, it seems that Rodriguez’ fate has already been decided, whether he knows it or not. As The Free Thought Project has faithfully reported, when whistleblowers do come forward, they’re often harassed, censored, fired, or worse, and yet, in the end, many of the whistleblowers end up suing their employers, often winning millions of dollars in restitution. But for now, Rodriguez can only hope, wait, and endure whatever comes his way. According to the Free Beacon’s report, the problem at the VA, under the Obama administration, has not gotten better. Instead, it has gotten much worse. The latest report by the Office of the Inspector General found that 200 veterans had died waiting for appointments, up from the 40 deaths from the scandal of 2014. Now, the one person who blew the whistle is apparently being brought up on charges. “Rodriguez was informed on Dec. 9 that he was being summoned to provide testimony for the administrative investigation into allegations that leaders at the Health Administration Services (HAS), his department, ‘created a hostile work environment and engaged in discriminatory practices.’ The hearing, convened by RimaAnn Nelson, interim director of the Phoenix VA, was initially scheduled for Dec. 22 but has since been rescheduled for Jan. 12.” The Free Beacon also contacted another VA employee turned whistleblower. His name is Brandon Coleman, a Marine veteran who helped coordinate mental health care at the VA hospital in Phoenix. Coleman reportedly told the Free Beacon, “In my case, it was proven up to 17 suicidal vets had escaped from the hospital and for that disclosure I was sent home for 460 days of leave, had my successful program destroyed, and even had a gag order placed on me by the hospital director trying to take away my First Amendment rights by forbidding me from seeking health care as a disabled veteran at the Phoenix VA hospital,” Coleman said. “I am one of the lucky ones…I won my case with (sic) help of Congress and the media. But there are hundreds of nameless VA whistleblowers no one will ever know who were also brave enough to bring up wrong doing.” Coleman blames Obama and his administration for going after whistleblowers in some supposed attempt to avoid scandals. “If the next administration wants to protect whistleblowers then they first must acknowledge us. Under President Obama, VA leadership (both locally and nationally) was allowed to ‘hunt’ whistleblowers and many of us were sent running for our lives, forced to try and restart our careers at new locations, for doing nothing wrong other than telling the truth,” Coleman concluded. Ironically enough, Valerie Jarrett, Obama’s top advisor, proudly proclaimed last Sunday on CNN’s  Fareed Zakaria GPS, “The president prides himself on the fact that his administration hasn’t had a scandal and that he hasn’t done something to embarrass himself.” Arguably, an untold number of whistleblowers would likely disagree with Jarrett, having been silenced by the same type of intimidation Rodriguez reportedly has experienced, even to the point of death threats being leveled against them. Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/veterans-affairs-hospital-whistleblower-claims-retaliatory-death-threats/#aAc4YdK6i22jdYwg.99 Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News, Videos. Bookmark the permalink. 357 ← ‘Doesn’t seem right’: Funeral home charges grieving families cremation ‘carbon tax’ McCain Says He Gave Trump Dossier to FBI → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Katie on Mexico warns Trump border tariff would trigger ‘global recession’ Angel-NYC on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Angel-NYC on Texas cattle fever tick update: More infested premises in Live Oak County KOYOTE on Cutting Cash Would Be A Boon For The World’s Poor Clarioncaller on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Frank Face on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed FarBeyondBitter on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy FarBeyondBitter on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Bullwinkle on Police fatally shoot man with screwdriver in Queens, NYPD says TheRev on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer ed lown on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars evilbughead on Why Was MacArthur Brought Out of Retirement? koyote on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed kender on My Dog has an addiction. Charles q on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy Andrew on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed Nailbanger on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars GrinNBarrett on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Clorox Isn't Ready to Take on Peers P&G and Coca-Cola An upgrade on stock of Clorox doesn't mean that company is set to outperform other consumer products companies. Rhonda Schaffler Jan 12, 2017 9:57 AM EST Clorox ( CLX)  was recently upgraded by Barclays at the same time Goldman Sachs downgraded two of its consumer products peers - P&G ( PG)  and Coca-Cola ( KO) .  But that doesn't mean Clorox is ready to take them on. Foreign currency challenges have clouded Clorox' earnings, and the company has missed earnings estimates. Meantime, its price to earnings ratio is expensive when compared to the likes of P&G and Kimberly-Clark ( KMB) . Also, price forecasts for Clorox indicate a limited upside from its current stock price. If you liked this article you might like Here Is Why Clorox Can't Overtake Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble The company may know bleach, but it is no match for these blue-chip behemoths. Chiradeep BasuMallick Jan 12, 2017 1:03 PM EST Cramer: How Small Business Can Have a Big Impact on the Market Survey says: Maybe business is getting better. Jim Cramer Jan 10, 2017 2:01 PM EST Which Companies Are Changing Direction They've shown bullish or bearish reversals in the past week. Guy Ortmann Dec 19, 2016 11:21 AM EST Trending Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat This Is (Not for) Us Why Fox handed the season's biggest new show to NBC Failing Pile of Garbage BuzzFeed's flash sale of 'garbage' merchandise raises $25,000 for CPJ Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Headlines: Press: Billboard Buys Spin and Vibe i… TV: Gus Fring Was Behind That Clev… Tech: AOL's New 360° and Live Video… Ads & Brands: The American Apparel Brand Won… These Smart Retail Shelves Tell Brands All About Who Is Looking at Their Products AI technology tracks facial expressions By Lauren Johnson January 12, 2017, 8:00 AM EST Technology Each digital display is about 4 feet wide and 2 inches tall. Cloverleaf The next time you pick up a six-pack of Coca-Cola at your local grocery store, artificial intelligence may be analyzing your eye movements and facial expressions. Today, tech vendor Cloverleaf is launching artificial intelligence-powered digital signs that slide over retailers' shelves to give marketers insights about who is standing in front of their store displays. Procter & Gamble has tested the technology—dubbed shelfPoint—and Dell is currently using it in a Micro Center store in Houston, Texas. "We're able to gather insights about what shoppers are doing in front of the shelf itself, engage them and convert the sale to get them to throw one more item into the basket," explained Gordon Davidson, founder and CEO of Cloverleaf. Here's how it works: The gadget is a 4-foot by 2-inch digital screen that wraps around retailers' shelves and displays digital ads that can be swapped out on the fly. Built-in optical sensors then detect anonymous information about shoppers. The technology can examine someone's facial expressions and let retailers see traffic patterns and consumer demographics. The shelves notably do not collect personal information; instead it runs in the background and looks for bits of basic information—like age, gender and ethnicity. "There is no video or pictures captured," Davidson said. "Instead, it's using templates on a face that we match that then allows us to see if it's a female or male and the level of expression." Based on the demographics and sentiment that the sensors pick up, marketers can then test different campaigns and swap out creative on the fly. For example, Coca-Cola could run images of bubbles on end caps to initially grab consumers' attention and then run different creative next to the products on the shelf to distinguish Coca-Cola from Diet Coke. And later this year, Davidson said Cloverleaf will add technology that allows retailers to see if someone picked an item off a store shelf. "[There's] a lot of technology thrown at retailers and brands and consumers walking through the store," Davidson said. "As a brand, one of the hardest things you have to overcome is getting people to notice a new promotion or a new product." Get the Technology Today newsletter: Check out our other newsletters: Daily Digest Brandweek Technology Today The AdFreak Daily Advertising & Branding Television Today Television Upfront Digital Content NewFronts Promotions & Offers   Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: AI, Artificial intelligence, Data, Dell, P&G, Retail Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! About the Author Lauren Johnson is a staff writer for Adweek. Follow Comments View the discussion thread. 3 1 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Zeppelin Hall Beer Garden Social Media Strategist Grand Street Property Management Downtown Jersey City See More Jobs Editor's Picks Without Game of Thrones, HBO Will Rely on The Young Pope and Murderous Moms The Obamas Gave an Intimate Behind-the-Scenes Virtual Reality Tour of the White House Ad of the Day: Pearle Vision's Touching New Ad Stars a Boy and His Very Special Glasses The 10 Most Watched Ads on YouTube in December 3 Ways Marketers Can Meet Today's New Standards for Engaging Consumers Fox’s New 24: Legacy Hero Is on the Run in the World Trade Center Oculus Never Mind the Trump Boycott, 50,000 People Are Still Waiting for Bean Boots The Week's 10 Most Digitally Engaging Ads Advertisement Adweek Blog Network Follow @Adweek The next time you pick up a six-pack of Coca-Cola at your local grocery store, artificial intelligence may be analyzing your eye movements and facial expressions. Today, tech vendor Cloverleaf is launching artificial intelligence-powered digital signs that slide over retailers' shelves to give marketers insights about who is standing in front of their store displays. Procter & Gamble has tested the technology—dubbed shelfPoint—and Dell is currently using it in a Micro Center store in Houston, Texas. "We're able to gather insights about what shoppers are doing in front of the shelf itself, engage them and convert the sale to get them to throw one more item into the basket," explained Gordon Davidson, founder and CEO of Cloverleaf. Here's how it works: The gadget is a 4-foot by 2-inch digital screen that wraps around retailers' shelves and displays digital ads that can be swapped out on the fly. Built-in optical sensors then detect anonymous information about shoppers. The technology can examine someone's facial expressions and let retailers see traffic patterns and consumer demographics. The shelves notably do not collect personal information; instead it runs in the background and looks for bits of basic information—like age, gender and ethnicity. "There is no video or pictures captured," Davidson said. "Instead, it's using templates on a face that we match that then allows us to see if it's a female or male and the level of expression." Based on the demographics and sentiment that the sensors pick up, marketers can then test different campaigns and swap out creative on the fly. For example, Coca-Cola could run images of bubbles on end caps to initially grab consumers' attention and then run different creative next to the products on the shelf to distinguish Coca-Cola from Diet Coke. And later this year, Davidson said Cloverleaf will add technology that allows retailers to see if someone picked an item off a store shelf. "[There's] a lot of technology thrown at retailers and brands and consumers walking through the store," Davidson said. "As a brand, one of the hardest things you have to overcome is getting people to notice a new promotion or a new product." Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2017 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: AI This device from Cloverleaf and Affectiva tracks your emotional reaction to products while shopping Khari Johnson@kharijohnson January 12, 2017 5:00 AM Tags: Affectiva, ai, artificial intelligence, Cloverleaf, Dell, emotional analytics, Emotional Intelligence Above: shelfPoint display and optical sensor reads a shopper's emotional reaction to a product on store shelves Image Credit: Cloverleaf That area on store shelves typically reserved for price tags and logos may soon be occupied by sensors with the ability to track people and their emotional response to products. Announced today by Cloverleaf, shelfPoint is an LCD display with eye-level sensors that recognize joy, sadness, happiness, or disgust in a shopper’s face. Dell and other early partners will begin to use shelfPoint by mid-2017, said CEO Gordon Davidson, and the device will be available to other retailers later this year. In addition to tracking emotional reactions, shelfPoint registers the age, gender, and ethnicity of shoppers and records the amount of time a person spends lingering in front of a display ad. And sensors don’t just record metrics. They also respond in real time. Ads can change if sensors detect that a shopper is displeased by what they see. Studies with Proctor & Gamble and other partners found that impulse buys and purchases were nearly 40 percent higher with shelfPoint than with the average store shelf or cardboard promotional material. The shelfPoint sensor is placed in high traffic areas to boost the sale of high-margin items or impulse purchases, Davidson told VentureBeat in a phone interview. “As people are walking by, we want to attract their attention, cause them to turn their head,” Davidson said. “Then what we do is we change the content and have more of a conversion story.” He said the focus is on “presenting the promotion and causing consumers to throw another item into the basket and drive impulse sales.” ShelfPoint made its debut today at the National Retail Federation conference taking place this week in New York. The tech that determines an emotional response comes from Affectiva. Starting with video and branching into virtual reality and other mediums, Affectiva has developed a way to track a person’s emotion in real time. Insights gathered from the anonymized aggregate data are used to serve up results and advice to store owners and brands. ShelfPoint also tracks in-store traffic and can be used for A:B testing of marketing or products. “Frankly, given the velocity you have in these high-traffic stores, you can get answers to these questions literally in a matter of a couple of days,” a Cloverleaf spokesperson told VentureBeat. The display also records facial characteristics to recognize if a person returns to the shelf within 24 hours. Despite this ability, Davidson said shelfPoint doesn’t use facial recognition. “Facial recognition would suggest that we know who is there, and we’re looking at them. What we do is face detection, and so we do not retain or capture any personally identifiable information,” he said. “We don’t record video or capture pictures. What we’re looking at is spots on the face, and then we translate that into metadata that says here’s the makeup of the individual that’s in front of it. We’d never be able to identify you.” ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards OPEN: Ohio Politics Donald Trump talks ethics, Russia during feisty news conference: Ohio Politics Roundup Posted on January 12, 2017 at 6:20 AM Donald Trump President-elect Donald Trump, accompanied by Vice President-elect Mike Pence, speaks during a news conference in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York, Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Jeremy Pelzer, cleveland.com jpelzer@cleveland.com During his first post-election press conference, Donald Trump unveils his ethics plan and admits Russian involvement in hacking of Democratic emails. The Cleveland Clinic will work to help Trump improve veterans' healthcare. And after a divisive leadership election, the Ohio GOP's A-listers are coming together for a pre-inauguration bash. Today's Ohio Politics Roundup is brought to you by Jeremy Pelzer.  Trump talks ethics, Russia during long-awaited news conference: Donald Trump's first post-election news conference on Wednesday lived up to the anticipation, as the president-elect announced plans to step away from his business empire but not divest his ownership, admitted for the first time that Russia was behind last year's hacking of Democratic emails, and sparred with reporters over reports that he and his advisers were being squeezed by the Russians. Cleveland.com's Stephen Koff has the details. The doctor is in: Trump also announced that his pick for Veterans Affairs secretary is David Shulkin, a physician (but not a military veteran) who's currently undersecretary for health at the VA, Koff reports. Trump's nomination comes after Cleveland Clinic CEO Toby Cosgrove turned down the VA job. If confirmed, Shulkin would succeed current Veterans Affairs Secretary Bob McDonald, a former Procter & Gamble CEO who was recently a candidate to become president of the University of Cincinnati, according to the Cincinnati Enquirer's Anne Saker. Cleveland Clinic to help with vets' healthcare reforms: Trump said that Cosgrove will still play a key role in reforming the VA health-care system, according to cleveland.com's Sabrina Eaton. The president-elect said he'll rely on a task force of experts and institutions, including Cosgrove and the Cleveland Clinic, to come up with a plan for improving veterans' care. As Trump outlined his plans to give up management of his companies, U.S. Rep. Mary Kaptur, a Toledo Democrat, introduced legislation Wednesday to block Trump from accepting foreign gifts while he's president, Eaton reports. The bill, which has little chance of passing the GOP-controlled Congress, is intended to ensure that Trump complies with the U.S. Constitution's Emolument's Clause, which is meant to fight bribery. Trump said Wednesday he'll donate all his hotel profits from foreign governments to the U.S. Treasury. Good-government groups, though, say Trump's plan doesn't do enough to prevent conflicts of interest. The reaction to Trump's presser from Northeast Ohio? Mixed, as cleveland.com reporters Mary Kilpatrick and Andrew J. Tobias found. Trump supporters said they felt the president-elect held his own against the media, and they were glad to hear Trump reiterate campaign promises such as repealing and replacing Obamacare. Trump opponents, on the other hand, said they were turned off by Trump's combative tone and vague promises. Trumpisms were on full display: Trump's distinctive rhythm and word choice was in full effect during the news conference. Cleveland.com's Zachariah Durr takes us through the top "Trumpisms" on display during the presser. Putting the band back together: "A week after a tense family feud, the Ohio Republican Party's biggest stars finally are coming together in the name of Donald Trump," writes cleveland.com's Henry J. Gomez. At the Ohio GOP's pre-inauguration party in Washington on Jan. 19, scheduled attendees include Gov. John Kasich, new state party chair Jane Timken (who beat Kasich-backed incumbent party chair Matt Borges last week). Also on the list: U.S. Sen. Rob Portman, every statewide officeholder, the GOP leaders in the General Assembly, and the state's GOP congressional delegation. Needling Trump: Knitters in Ohio and elsewhere are making pink hats with cat-like ears to be worn during the Jan. 21 Women's March on Washington, Eaton writes. The "pussy hats" are meant to help marchers make a "unique collective visual statement which will help activists be better heard." Ohio, post-Obamacare: "A pair of reports released Wednesday show repealing the Affordable Care Act without a replacement program would jeopardize health coverage for nearly 1 million Ohioans, many who suffer from mental illness or substance abuse," reports cleveland.com's Jackie Borchardt. "An estimated 220,512 Ohioans suffering from mental illness or drug abuse would lose access to mental health services" if Obamacare is repealed, according to a new study from Harvard Medical School and New York University. A second study from Policy Matters Ohio found 964,000 Ohioans would lose coverage by 2019, while Ohio would lose $3.5 billion in federal Medicaid expansion money in 2019. Democratic U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown, in a press call, said the Harvard/NYU report shows that "repealing the law would immediately interrupt treatment for hundreds of thousands of Ohioans who are struggling with addiction and fighting for their lives." Kasich, a Medicaid expansion proponent who plans to meet behind closed doors with Senate Republicans in Washington next week, said Wednesday he's open to changing federal health care policy. "But you have to tell me what you are going to do about it, because you just can't tell 700,000 people 'you can't get help,'" Kasich said. Rob Portman questions Tillerson: Portman, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, questioned secretary of state nominee Rex Tillerson on Wednesday about fighting cyberattacks from foreign nations, preserving the U.S.' NATO obligations, and helping Ukraine against Russia. Portman questioned Tillerson about the use of propaganda and disinformation campaigns by Russia and other countries against the U.S. and other democratic nations. Tillerson said he didn't know the best way to combat such efforts, saying multi-agency assessment is needed. "To be honest, the bad actors have got the jump on us," Tillerson said. Answering Portman, Tillerson said he wouldn't threaten to break the U.S. commitment to help fellow NATO nations that come under attack. Tillerson also pledged that the U.S. wouldn't recognize Russia's sovereignty over Crimea unless the Ukrainian people agree to it and supports keeping U.S. sanctions in place against Russia over the issue. Abortion fight resumes in 2017: With a new year and a new legislative session comes a new battle over abortion in Ohio. As cleveland.com's Robert Higgs explains, the controversial "heartbeat bill" vetoed by Kasich last month could make a return, as could bills to block abortion after a Down Syndrome diagnosis or regulations for handling fetal remains. Meanwhile, courts are still deliberating lawsuits over steps the state has already taken, such as increased regulations for abortion clinics and defunding Planned Parenthood. Get Battleground Briefing, our FREE politics newsletter, delivered to your inbox: Sign up here. Tips or links? Send here. Follow along on Twitter: @JPelzer About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Value of the Global market for Baby Diaper in 2016 and 2021 Baby Diaper Market analysis is provided for Global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the Baby Diaper market.   market for Baby Diaper (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 12, 2017 ) Baby Diaper Industry report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. Baby diaper is designed to absorb and retain babys urine and faces while keeping the skin dry and healthy and to be easily and hygienically disposed of in household solid waste. Get Sample PDF of Baby Diaper Market Report @ <||>rnhttp://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10415466 Baby Diaper Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers · P&G · Kimberly?Clark? · Unicharm? · SCA · Ontex · Kao · First?Quality and many more Baby Diaper Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers · North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) · Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) · Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) · South America, Middle East and Africa Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Baby Diaper Market Research Report @ http://360marketupdates.com/10415466 Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Baby Diaper in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Baby Diaper Market Segment by Type, covers · Disposable Baby Diaper · Cloth Diapers Baby Diaper Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into · Baby (Less than 7 kg) · Baby (7-15 kg) · Baby (More than 15 kg) Ask for Discount @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10415466 Key questions answered in the report: ·What will the market growth rate of Baby Diaper market in 2020? ·What are the key factors driving the Global Baby Diaper market? ·What are sales, revenue, and price analysis of top manufacturers of Baby Diaper market? ·Who are the distributors, traders and dealers of Baby Diaper market? ·Who are the key vendors in Baby Diaper market space? ·What are the Baby Diaper market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the Global Baby Diaper market? ·What are sales, revenue, and price analysis by types, application and regions of Baby Diaper market? ·What are the market opportunities, market risk and market overview of the Baby Diaper market? No. of Report pages: 113 Price of Report: $ 3480 (Single User Licence) Purchase Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10415466 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Stock Picks Kao Corp’s Makeover Will Pay Big Dividends The Japanese maker of makeup and diapers is a dividend machine; payouts will rise as earnings recover. By Isabella Zhong Biography Jan. 10, 2017 9:58 p.m. ET Japan’s Kao Corp isn’t about to surrender its impressive track record of 26 consecutive years of dividend growth just yet. With shares down 10% since last July, it’s time to buy the maker of diapers and makeup as the stock looks cheap and analysts are tipping increased dividends in 2017. Kao Corp (4452.JP) is the Procter &... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Advanced Bioeconomy Leadership Conference. 5 events in 1! DC, March 1-3, 2017 Job Board Subscribe ABLC 2017 Advertising/Sponsorship BioChannel.TV ABLC NEXT Top Stories Global News Thought Leadership 8-Slide Guides Policy Research Stock Index DuPont Enzyme Technology to increase BioGas Production & Profit Iowa researchers - sharing discoveries with Iowa bioscience companies. Discover more, Deliver more - Find out how Novozymes products and services can fuel your success. What Fuels You? Sorghum, the Smart Choice- Watch the video. Alfa Laval - Equipped for Success, remove impurities at the right state Report says global biobased PET market may hit $13.1 billion by 2023 January 10, 2017 | Meghan Sapp In Delaware, GM Insights says global biobased PET market size may generate $13.1 billion by 2023. Increasing importance of sustainable packaging, especially in China and India, may positively influence bio based polyethylene market size growth. Coca-Cola, H.J. Heinz, Nike, Procter & Gamble and Ford Motor have collaborated Plant PET Technology Collaborative (PTC) for 100% bio polyethylene terephthalate production acceleration intended for apparels, technical seat trims, plastic bottles, floor carpets and footwear. APAC bio PET marker size, led by China & India, was dominant and accounted for over 32.5% of the overall demand in 2015. Growing CSD (carbonated soft drinks) & alcohol beverage demand in China and India have resulted in increased scope for packaging. Australian government formed (APC) The Australian Packaging Covenant for sustainable packaging promotion which may favor on bio-based PET market growth. The Japanese government has set a target of 20% bioplastics production in the plastics market by 2020, which may favor bio based polyethylene terephthalate market growth over the next several years. Bio polyethylene terephthalate weighs lower in comparison to their fossil fuel counterparts, which helps its use in exterior and interior automotive parts. AT&T, Nissan and Toyota Motors have announced plans to use bioplastics in their products, which may positively influence bio PET market growth in technical applications. Print PDF Tags: biobased, Delaware, PET Category: Producer News Comments are closed. « Researchers find sweet sorghum and sugarcane can cut biorefinery down time Ireland’s Bord na Móna taking heat over PKS feedstock » ABLC 2017 - 5 conferences in one, and everyone's going. DC, March 1-3, 2017.. Free Subscription The Biofuels Digest newsletter The most widely-read biofuels daily — 14,000+ organizations subscribe — why not you too? Your email: Iowa researchers - sharing discoveries with Iowa bioscience companies. © 2017 Biofuels Digest. All rights reserved. Premium WordPress Themes.
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US STOCKS-S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil Reuters Jan. 10, 2017, 4:42 PM 516 facebook linkedin twitter email print * Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan gain * Health stocks up for 6th session, Illumina leads * Dow down 0.16 pct, S&P flat, Nasdaq up 0.36 pct (Updates to close, adds commentary, changes byline) By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 10 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. The Dow's 20,000 milestone remained elusive as it was weighed down by declines in IBM, Merck & Co, Exxon Mobil and Procter & Gamble. Traders were holding fire ahead of the upcoming corporate earnings season and the Jan. 20 inauguration after which they expect a better sense as to whether President-elect Donald Trump will fulfill campaign promises of fiscal stimulus, lower tax and lighter regulation. "Investors are now waiting for the inauguration and the first 100-day agenda," said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at brokerage Convergex in New York. "They just want a little more information about what the new administration is planning before the Dow takes the plunge over 20,000. There's a lot of high expectations about what happens after January 20." The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 31.85 points, or 0.16 percent, at 19,855.53, the S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite added 20.00 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,551.82. The S&P Energy sector ended down 0.95 percent as oil futures fell 2 percent on doubts about output cuts. Following a 9 percent jump in the S&P since Nov. 4, investors will also monitor earnings season, which starts this week, to assess if the record levels are justified. "We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York. "Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher." S&P 500 companies are set to post their strongest quarterly growth in three years, with earnings estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by financials, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P financial sector, which has risen 17.4 percent since the election, closed up 0.4 percent. Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan - scheduled to report results on Friday - were its biggest drivers on Tuesday with 1.7 percent, 0.7 percent and 0.3 percent rises respectively. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher. S&P Healthcare stocks gained 0.33 percent and the Nasdaq biotech index ended 0.8 percent higher, both enjoying their sixth session of gains in a row. Illumina surged 16.6 percent to $165.04 after the diagnostics company gave a strong quarterly forecast and launched a new product. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.90-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 18 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Caroline Valetkevitch in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and James Dalgleish) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News USA-STOCKS/ (UPDATE 6) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US STOCKS-S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil US STOCKS-S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil * Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan gain*... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price. Published on January 11, 2017. While consultants are adding creative services, agency giants such as Omnicom are expanding their offerings as well. Credit: Scott Eells/Bloomberg Most Popular As marketing becomes increasingly driven by data and technology, ad agencies are having to compete for business against a newfound rival: consulting firms like Accenture and Deloitte. While this tension has been brewing for a few years, it's now reaching fever pitch. Deloitte has acquired a dozen creative agencies, while Accenture Digital last year was named the largest and fastest-growing digital agency network. Ad agencies need to respond; what was once a pending threat to their business model is now very real. Look no further than Del Monte Food's hiring of Epsilon, a data-based consultancy, as its U.S. agency of record to see how consultancies are giving traditional agencies a run for their money. CMOs now understand that a data-led strategy -- not creative alone -- is driving top-line growth. Data enables companies to discover customer insights and innovate products accordingly. It's also key to creating an outstanding customer experience that is both individualized and scalable. Converging business models The businesses models of consulting and creative agencies are converging. While consultants, who have deep background in business strategy and enterprise technology, are adding creative agencies to their arsenal of solutions, large ad agencies are expanding their offerings too. Omnicom, for example, created Hearts & Science, an integrated digital agency that uses technology to scale customer relationships. Since its formation this year, it has acquired Proctor & Gamble and AT&T as customers. Agency networks like Publicis Groupe and WPP have also been rolling out their own consulting shops for some time, which can open the door to additional creative revenue and wider margins. Agencies that don't have in-house consulting will need to show that they understand business strategy and the role of technology in marketing to keep pace with consulting firms. Creativity will continue to be essential to marketing success, but it's just a part of the solution businesses need, not the solution. Embracing a data-driven approach Data is a key tool for consultants, and it needs to become one for creative strategists too. In the days of one-size-fits-all marketing, CMOs simply asked, "What's the best way to boost sales?" Raising awareness of the product was typically the answer, and the best tactic was a creative advertising campaign. But brand awareness is not enough today; you need to also create a great customer experience. Marketers have realized this and are now using data to see what entices customers and what doesn't. For agencies, this means embracing the data-driven approach consultants have long championed. Agencies need to provide not only the right product messaging, but also the right marketing tools to drive that message -- and measure the results. That's why Razorfish, a division of Publicis Groupe, partnered with Adobe to build its own digital marketing platform. Investing in technical talent Agencies have an opportunity to diversify their offerings, but they need to overcome several challenges. Talent acquisition continues to be a main hurdle. Agencies don't have the money to hire the personnel to dive into digital and data because resources are tied up in the infrastructure that served the era when TV was still dominant. Although TV still captures over 40% of agency budgets, many agencies were set up for much more and this is limiting how quickly they can respond. As ad spend continues to shift from TV to digital, agencies will need to hire software engineers, designers and analysts that can quickly build tools and drive the customer experience their clients are looking for. This will be especially tricky for publicly traded agencies, who can't easily sell off outdated business units to develop new ones. This TV focus, combined with agencies' personnel-heavy approach to client service, limits their ability to invest in new channels and tools they can offer customers. The year 2017 will be a turning point for agencies. Those that aren't singularly focused on technology to scale the customer experience may find themselves up for review. Given their expertise in business strategy, consultants have been more successful in acquiring creative talent and companies than vice versa. But agencies have an opportunity to reinvent themselves, and doing so could open up new lines of business. For this to happen, they need to think more like consultants and offer a wide array of technical solutions. That way, they can ward off the consulting firms encroaching on their turf. In this article: Agencies DigitalNext Penry Price Penry Price is VP of LinkedIn Marketing Solutions. Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Jacob Kepler/Bloomberg Energy For Companies Torn Between Industry and Climate, the Heat Is On Pressure on a company devoted to both renewable energy and a traditional trade group has come from the left. About-face. by Eric Roston @eroston More stories by Eric Roston January 11, 2017, 8:30 AM EST January 11, 2017, 8:44 AM EST Environmental groups have long made hay of companies that tout their climate-friendliness but belong to industry associations that promote traditional energy in Washington. The pressure was from the left. Now, for companies active in both renewable energy and conventional trade organizations, it’s coming from the right. Many top companies rode an international sustainable-business wave buoyed by President Barack Obama’s policies, even as their trade organizations often differed. For example, Google, General Motors, and Procter & Gamble all belong to RE100, an initiative that invites companies to commit themselves to using 100 percent renewable energy—and each has ties to a group such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce or the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), which advocate rollbacks of Obama-era rules covering power plants, vehicles, or energy production. The election of Donald Trump yanks on the tightrope they’re already walking. It also has emboldened companies and trade associations that are flat-out opposed to many of Obama’s energy rules. They are wasting no time in making their case to the president-elect, according to a new report by Influence Map, a British nonprofit group that tracks corporate climate-and-energy policies.  An electric van is parked in the shade of a solar array that powers the charging station at the Googleplex in Mountain View, Calif. Photographer: Smith Collection/Gado via Getty Images The report gathers and synthesizes companies’ and trade groups’ activities since the election, offering a glimpse of trends in lobbying we may see under the new administration. It includes a cheat sheet of the timeline for key Obama energy-and-climate rules—and the options the Trump administration may have to push back or remove them. Influence Map points to ties between some administration players and trade groups. The most senior, and obvious, example may be the nomination of retired ExxonMobil Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rex Tillerson as secretary of state. Tillerson has sat on the board of the American Petroleum Institute, the broadest oil-and-gas industry association. The report also flags the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), which in mid-December issued a statement describing “the sheer number of ALEC alumni in the new administration” and its position in influencing policy discussions. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter At the same time, many large companies are investing billions of dollars in clean technologies, from Google’s leadership in renewable-energy purchasing, to ALEC- and Chamber-member UPS’s green logistics, to NAM-member Toyota Motor Corp’s commitment to science-driven climate targets, which more than 200 companies have embraced. About 530 companies have called on the Trump administration to support low-carbon policies.  Influence Map receives funding from groups that include the Climate Change Collaboration, the Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust, and Tellus Mater. The 13-page report is short on the details lacking in almost every other assessment of the Trump administration: What, exactly, will happen next? Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS January 11, 2017 | 9:09 AM After scandal, Phoenix VA still troubled by long waits for medical care January 11, 2017 | 9:09 AM Home » Bad News » After scandal, Phoenix VA still troubled by long waits for medical care Bad News January 11, 2017 Almost three years after long waits for medical appointments for veterans exploded into a nationwide scandal, the Phoenix VA hospital at the center of the crisis still is not providing timely care, a watchdog group documented this week. Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner, whose office represents whistleblowers and investigates their claims, wrote in a letter to President Barack Obama that two independent reviews have confirmed many allegations brought by a doctor at the Phoenix facility. One review, by the inspector general for the Department of Veterans Affairs, said a veteran with heart trouble died last year while waiting for cardiology tests that could have saved him. Investigators also found that on a given day, 1,100 veterans in Phoenix have a longer-than-30-day wait to see a doctor. And during the period reviewed by investigators, 215 veterans died while waiting to see a specialist. “In case after case since 2014, Phoenix VA whistleblowers have exposed and helped to correct serious problems with veterans’ care,” Lerner said in a statement. She thanked the whistleblower, Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez, chief of specialty care clinics in Phoenix, for his “courage” in coming forward. The findings are likely to present challenges for President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration, which has made improving care for veterans a priority. Continuing delays in care could bolster the case of agency critics, who say the government alone cannot meet the medical needs of all veterans, who should be able to turn to private doctors when they want. Trump has not yet named a secretary to replace Robert McDonald, a former Procter & Gamble chief executive brought in by President Obama in 2014 after the wait-times scandal forced out retired Army general Eric Shinseki. “Although [Veterans Health Administration] has made efforts to improve the care provided at [the Phoenix hospital], these issues remain,” Larry Reinkemeyer, assistant inspector general for audits and evaluations, wrote in its review of Rodriguez’s claims. While some of the claims were not substantiated, investigators for the inspector general and VA’s Office of Medical Inspector corroborated others. A VA spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment. Among the problems investigators found: A veteran who died of cardiovascular disease did not receive a cardiology exam his VA physician ordered. The agency determined that had he received the exam when he should have, further testing and interventions could have prevented his death. During a week in October 2015, nearly 3,900 medical appointments in Phoenix were canceled. Of those, 59 should have been rescheduled and were not. Of those 59 patients, 12 may have experienced harm that could have been prevented without the delay in care. On an average day, the Phoenix VA has 1,100 patients waiting longer than 30 days for appointments. Patients needing to see a psychotherapist wait an average of 75 days. Out of a sample of 215 veterans with 295 consults who died while waiting for care, 62 of their consults (21 percent) were delayed. The delayed consults did not contribute to their deaths, the inspector general’s office concluded. In one case, a veteran “waited in excess of 300 days for vascular care” following a consult request from another doctor. Out of a sample of 30 inappropriately canceled chiropractic consults, 28 veterans did not receive the appointment they requested. McDonald has said that on his watch, the agency has added thousands of appointments throughout the system, and that continuing problems like those in reported in Phoenix are isolated. When the scandal broke in 2014, senior managers there and at other VA facilities were found to have instructed their staffs to deliberately cover up long waits for appointments. The reviews released Monday did not find intentional mistakes, but rather, bureaucratic confusion: “Staff were generally unclear about specific consult management procedures, and services varied in their procedures and consult management responsibilities,” the inspector general’s office wrote. The reviews released Monday did not directly address Rodriguez, who said in an email that VA is now retaliating against him and threatening to fire him by falsely accusing him of discrimination in hiring. He said he has not been the deciding official in any hiring decisions. “This is straight out of the VA playbook on how to deal with whistleblowers,” Rodriguez wrote. “This is a gross injustice and a gross violation of my civil rights.” Sen. Charles E. Grassley, R-Iowa, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, praised Rodriguez. “Sometimes whistleblowers expose matters of life and death, other times they expose harm against the taxpayers, and sometimes they expose all of the above,” he wrote in a release. “Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez of the Phoenix VA deserves praise and gratitude for coming forward about problems that cover all of the above.” Featured Image: (c) 2017, The Washington Post · Joe #breaking now 54 years later, you still have to pay to use Martin Luther King Jr.’s famous ‘I Have a Dream’ speech It’s one of the most famous speeches in American history, one you never forget if you ever heard it.… 0 Comments 51865 Views CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says The outgoing CIA director called Donald Trump’s comments about the U.S. intelligence community “outrageous” and suggested the president-elect’s attitude… 0 Comments 170159 Views Celebrities and N.Y. Mayor Bill de Blasio plan to protest Trump day before inauguration Not all the A-listers who stumped for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will be hiding under their 3,000-thread-count sheets… 0 Comments 39653 Views Democrats protest across the country to save and expand Obamacare Democrats and labor organizers spent Sunday at dozens of rallies across the country, pledging to fight in Congress against… 0 Comments 35419 Views Security grid for inauguration means thousands of police, street closures WASHINGTON – The first visible signs of security measures for Friday’s presidential inauguration soon will be evident – parking… 0 Comments 40172 Views Sen. Rand Paul drafting health-care measure to replace Obamacare Republican Sen. Rand Paul said he’s drafting legislation for a health-care insurance plan that could replace Obamacare, including a… 0 Comments 50958 Views D.C. Guard general’s exit is disputed WASHINGTON – The transition team for President-elect Donald Trump asked the head of the District of Columbia National Guard… 0 Comments 57437 Views Sharpton’s march calls for unity to face Trump WASHINGTON – In a steady light rain, thousands of demonstrators marched Saturday from the Washington Monument to the Martin… 0 Comments 48285 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 165,608 followers #trending WATCH: Domestic Abuse Suspect Gets Fatally Shot By Fort Collins Police comments 645376 Views BREAKING: Numerous Reports Of Explosions In Marseille, France comments 621933 Views WATCH: Dashcam Captures Fatal Crash After High Speed Police Chase comments 488736 Views Obama’s dog Sunny bites White House visitor in the face comments 361063 Views WATCH: Bodycam Footage Of Naked Woman Stealing Police Truck comments 276559 Views Meet the biker hosting the biggest pro-Trump demonstration at the inauguration comments 220934 Views Jeb Bush may have won something in the election after all: the U.S. Department of Education comments 206249 Views Zoe Saldana: Trump Won Because Hollywood Became Cocky And Arrogant Bullies comments 198160 Views Boots recalled because their tread leaves swastika imprints comments 172180 Views CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says comments 170135 Views WATCH: Doctoral student violently detained after 911 caller says he stole his own car comments 133028 Views Ferguson Painting To Be Removed From Capitol, Says GOP Lawmaker comments 109767 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Amex, Coca-Cola, NVIDIA, Procter & Gamble, Texas Instruments, Transocean and More By Jon C. Ogg January 9, 2017 8:40 am EST Print Email Tweet Stocks came within cents of hitting Dow 20,000 on Friday but failed to cinch the formal 20K print. Futures were indicated marginally lower on Monday after a lack of overseas follow-through. With the enthusiasm of the post-election rally continuing, investors are looking for deeper value and growth opportunities in 2017. Investors are still willing to buy pullbacks, even with the bull market almost eight years old. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst reports each day of the week to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some of these analyst research reports cover stocks to buy, while other calls cover stocks to sell or avoid. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Monday, January 9, 2017: Merrill Lynch raised American Express Co. (NYSE: AXP) to Buy from Neutral and the price objective was raised to $90 from $78 (versus a $75.47 prior close) as well. The stock has a consensus analyst target price of $75.96 and a 52-week trading range of $50.27 to $76.55. Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) was started as Equal Weight with a $42 price target (versus a $41.74 close) at Barclays. Unfortunately for shareholders, it was also downgraded to Sell from Neutral with a $39 price target at Goldman Sachs. The consensus analyst target is $45.54, and the 52-week range is $39.88 to $47.13. Jefferies reiterated NVIDIA Corp. (NASDAQ: NVDA) as Buy and the price target was raised to $125 from $110 (versus a $103.10 close). The focus on the self-driving car competition is that it will be good for the company. What stands out about NVIDIA’s consensus price target of $97 or so is that the target keeps getting raised, but a recent short seller report from Citron Research has weighed on shares. From an already cautious Neutral rating, Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) was downgraded to Sell by Goldman Sachs, which also cut its price target to $77 from $86 (versus an $85.03 close). The consensus target price is $90.72. The 52-week range is $74.46 to $90.33. Not only was Texas Instruments Inc. (NASDAQ: TXN) was raised to Outperform from Neutral, but the price target was raised to $95 from $77 at Credit Suisse. The firm’s view is that estimates look overly conservative and that it is a top semiconductor pick. Transocean Ltd. (NYSE: RIG) was downgraded to Underperform from Buy with a $16 price objective (versus a $15.77 close) at Merrill Lynch. The consensus target price is $11.68, and the 52-week range is $7.67 to $16.66. Other key analyst calls included the following: Baidu Inc. (NASDAQ: BIDU) was raised to Neutral from Underweight and the price target was raised to $190 from $159 (versus a $176.38 close) at JPMorgan. Brooks Automation Inc. (NASDAQ: BRKS) was raised to Neutral from Underperform and the price target was raised to $17 from $13 at Credit Suisse. Eaton Corp. (NYSE: ETN) was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $78 price objective (versus a $68.01 close) at Merrill Lynch. Emerson Electric Co. (NYSE: EMR) was raised to Neutral from Underperform with a $60 price objective (versus a $56.40 close) at Merrill Lynch. ENSCO International PLC (NYSE: ESV) was raised to Buy from Neutral and the price objective was raised to $14 from $8 (versus an $11.68 close) at Merrill Lynch. Helmerich & Payne Inc. (NYSE: HP) was raised to Buy from Hold and the price target was set at $92 (versus an $81.07 close) at Argus. This would imply a return of close to 20% if its dividend is included. ITT Corp. (NYSE: ITT) was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $50 price objective (versus a $40.57 close) at Merrill Lynch. JD.com Inc. (NASDAQ: JD) was raised to Overweight from Neutral and the price target was set at $39 (versus a $26.27 close) at JPMorgan. PepsiCo Inc. (NYSE: PEP) was started as Equal Weight with a $102 price target (versus a $104.56 close) at Barclays. It has a $116.74 consensus price target and a 52-week range of $93.25 to $110.94. Rockwell Automation Inc. (NYSE: ROK) was raised to Neutral from Underperform with a $143 price objective (versus a $138.50 close) at Merrill Lynch. Rudolph Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: RTEC) was downgraded to Neutral from Outperform but the price target was raised to $24 from $19 at Credit Suisse. The downgrade of the formal rating was based on relative valuations. SunTrust Banks Inc. (NYSE: STI) was already rated as Buy at Goldman Sachs, but the firm added the shares to its prized Conviction Buy list and raised its price target to $67 from $54 (versus a $55.53 close). Synchrony Financial (NYSE: SYF) was reiterated as Buy and the price target was raised to $45 from $43 (versus a $36.91 close) at Jefferies. You can follow @Jonogg on Twitter if you would like the daily analyst calls directly on your own feed. Friday’s top analyst upgrades and downgrades were in Cognizant Tech, Etsy, GoPro, Illumina, Shake Shack, Travelers and many more. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « GM Rental Fleet Sales Double in December Dogs of the Dow Could Be a Huge Winner Again in 2017 » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, American Express (NYSE:AXP), Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU), Emerson Electric Co. (NYSE:EMR), Ensco (NYSE:ESV), Eaton Corp (NYSE:ETN), Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (NYSE:HP), ITT (NYSE:ITT), JD, Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Transocean, Inc. (NYSE:RIG), Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK), SunTrust Banks, Inc. (NYSE:STI), SYF, Texas Instruments, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXN) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it PowerPost Follow @powerpost Get The Daily 202 Newsletter Subscribe Follow Stories After scandal, Phoenix VA still troubled by long waits for medical care, investigators say The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Lisa Rein January 11 Follow @Reinlwapo The Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Phoenix. (Christian Petersen/Getty Images) Almost three years after long waits for medical appointments for veterans exploded into a nationwide scandal, the Phoenix VA hospital at the center of the crisis still is not providing timely care, a watchdog group documented Monday. Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner, whose office represents whistleblowers and investigates their claims, wrote in a letter to President Obama that two independent reviews have confirmed many allegations brought by a doctor at the Phoenix facility. One review, by the inspector general for the Department of Veterans Affairs, said a veteran with heart trouble died last year while waiting for cardiology tests that could have saved him. Investigators also found that on a given day, 1,100 veterans in Phoenix have a longer-than-30-day wait to see a doctor. And during the period reviewed by investigators, 215 veterans died while waiting to see a specialist. “In case after case since 2014, Phoenix VA whistleblowers have exposed and helped to correct serious problems with veterans’ care,” Lerner said in a statement. She thanked the whistleblower, Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez, chief of specialty care clinics in Phoenix, for his “courage” in coming forward. The findings are likely to present challenges for President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration, which has made improving care for veterans a priority. Continuing delays in care could bolster the case of agency critics, who say the government alone cannot meet the medical needs of all veterans, who should be able to turn to private doctors when they want. Trump has not yet named a secretary to replace Robert McDonald, a former Procter & Gamble chief executive brought in by President Obama in 2014 after the wait-times scandal forced out retired Army general Eric Shinseki. “Although [Veterans Health Administration] has made efforts to improve the care provided at [the Phoenix hospital], these issues remain,” Larry Reinkemeyer, assistant inspector general for audits and evaluations, wrote in its review of Rodriguez’s claims. While some of the claims were not substantiated, investigators for the inspector general and VA’s Office of Medical Inspector corroborated others. A VA spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment. Among the problems investigators found: A veteran who died of cardiovascular disease did not receive a cardiology exam his VA physician ordered. The agency determined that had he received the exam when he should have, further testing and interventions could have prevented his death. During a week in October 2015, nearly 3,900 medical appointments in Phoenix were canceled. Of those, 59 should have been rescheduled and were not. Of those 59 patients, 12 may have experienced harm that could have been prevented without the delay in care. On an average day, the Phoenix VA has 1,100 patients waiting longer than 30 days for appointments. Patients needing to see a psychotherapist wait an average of 75 days. Out of a sample of 215 veterans with 295 consults who died while waiting for care, 62 of their consults (21 percent) were delayed. The delayed consults did not contribute to their deaths, the inspector general’s office concluded. In one case, a veteran “waited in excess of 300 days for vascular care” following a consult request from another doctor. Out of a sample of 30 inappropriately canceled chiropractic consults, 28 veterans did not receive the appointment they requested. McDonald has said that on his watch, the agency has added thousands of appointments throughout the system, and that continuing problems like those in reported in Phoenix are isolated. When the scandal broke in 2014, senior managers there and at other VA facilities were found to have instructed their staffs to deliberately cover up long waits for appointments. The reviews released Monday did not find intentional mistakes, but rather, bureaucratic confusion: “Staff were generally unclear about specific consult management procedures, and services varied in their procedures and consult management responsibilities,” the inspector general’s office wrote. The reviews released Monday did not directly address Rodriguez, who said in an email that VA is now retaliating against him and threatening to fire him by falsely accusing him of discrimination in hiring. He said he has not been the deciding official in any hiring decisions. “This is straight out of the VA playbook on how to deal with whistleblowers,” Rodriguez wrote. “This is a gross injustice and a gross violation of my civil rights.” Sen. Charles E. Grassley, (R-Iowa) chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, praised Rodriguez. “Sometimes whistleblowers expose matters of life and death, other times they expose harm against the taxpayers, and sometimes they expose all of the above,” he wrote in a release. “Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez of the Phoenix VA deserves praise and gratitude for coming forward about problems that cover all of the above.” powerpost powerpost false endOfArticle true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Lisa Rein covers the federal workforce and issues that concern the management of government. Follow @Reinlwapo 16 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship 2 With days left in office, President Obama ushers in dozens of policies. But will they stay seated? 3 Rep. John Lewis’s books sell out following Donald Trump’s attacks 4 News conferences could be moved from White House, Priebus says 5 The Donald Trump press conference you didn’t see powerpost powerpost Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai 61 businesses Trump has targeted on Twitter Ethan Wolff-Mann Yahoo FinanceJanuary 10, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Since the election, Donald Trump has used his Twitter (TWTR) account to lash out at numerous companies, sending the business world into a state of constant anxiety, wondering who is next. With over 19.2 million followers on the social media platform, the president-elect can easily dispatch a public relations nightmare for the company of his choosing. Even the threat of another Trump tweet has led companies like Ford (F) to preemptively employ a clever PR strategy that made it appear that it was capitulating to Trump’s Twitter demands last year by canceling an announced Mexican project and investing in Michigan. (In reality, the canceled Mexican plant’s production simply moved to another plant within the country.) The auto industry has been a particular bete noire for Trump recently – he’s also included GM in his attacks, threatening to punish the carmaker for building one of its cars, the Chevy Cruze, in Mexico. While Trump may currently be on a rampage against automakers who aren’t making cars on US soil, these are hardly the first times he’s taken shots at businesses in his eight years on Twitter. Poring through his 34,300 tweets with the help of a custom computer program as well as Factba.se, a research tool that has catalogued and analyzed transcripts, tweets, and more, Yahoo Finance has identified 61 companies or brands Trump has bashed. Targets range from Silicon Valley giants to media brands that have reported on his activities to rival golf courses. Often, as has been the case with T-Mobile, he has devoted numerous tweets against companies and their CEOs. Notably, with T-Mobile, he said he didn’t want the company’s cellphone service to work in his buildings. Trump, who is a fan of Samsung phones, hectored Apple and CEO Tim Cook over the small size of the iPhone many times over the years. Given the strong current of tweets flowing from @realDonaldTrump, it seems likely the list of companies and business CEOs the president-elect has criticized will grow—and it will be updated accordingly. Here are the 61 and sample tweets. Amazon “The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.” —@RealDonaldTrump The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 7, 2015 American Airlines “The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.” —@realDonaldTrump Amtrak Retweeted: “”@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains & better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!” AOL (Verizon) “What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!” —@realDonaldTrump Apple “I predicted Apple’s stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock” —@realDonaldTrump I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2014 Bandon Dunes Golf Resort (Oregon) “Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!” —@realDonaldTrump BBC “@LeapfrogMark BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland–a one sided piece of garbage!” —@realDonaldTrump Michael Bloomberg “If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn’t get 10% of the vote – they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary” —@realDonaldTrump Boeing “Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!” —@realDonaldTrump Carrier Tweeted a link of an article in which he criticizes Carrier and Ford for shipping jobs to Mexico. Charter Communications (Time Warner) Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I’m going to switch.” —@realDonaldTrump Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 18, 2012 Chrysler (Fiat Chrysler) “Don’t believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)–see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China–and I’ll be watching!” —@realDonaldTrump CNBC (NBC/Comcast) .@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?” —@realDonaldTrump CNN (Time Warner) “.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.” —@realDonaldTrump Coca-Cola “The Coca Cola company is not happy with me–that’s okay, I’ll still keep drinking that garbage.” —@realDonaldTrump The Coca Cola company is not happy with me–that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2012 Daily Beast (IAC/InterActiveCorp) “Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!” —@realDonaldTrump Disney Retweet: “@Biracial_Chick: Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor. http://bit.ly/1LHOhxD” Elliott Management (Hedge fund led by Paul Singer) “Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer’s, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can’t win” —@realDonaldTrump ESPN (Disney) “.@ESPN’s apology (Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting— stop being so politically correct!” —@realDonaldTrump Facebook “Seems hard to believe that @Facebook could be worth that much–be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg–get a pre-nup.” —@realDonaldTrump Forbes “Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC” —@realDonaldTrump Ford ““@Sebastian_Rey10: “@CNBC: Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investment @realDonaldTrump in MEXICO!!!!” The U.S. is getting killed!” —@realDonaldTrump Fox News (News Corp) “Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews – totally biased and disgusting reporting.” —@realDonaldTrump Glenfiddich (William Grant & Sons) “We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.” —@realDonaldTrump We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 5, 2012 GM “General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!” —@realDonaldTrump Goldman Sachs “Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!” —@realDonaldTrump Google “Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!” —@realDonaldTrump H&R Block Retweet: “@Sattendoll: @realDonaldTrump – I do not understand how are they still in business.” “H & R Block is terrible!” —@realDonaldTrump HP (Carly Fiorina, former CEO) “Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.” —@realDonaldTrump Huffington Post (Verizon) “It’s driving @ariannahuff & the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!” —@realDonaldTrump JP Morgan “If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing them—easy target.” —@realDonaldTrump Koch Industries “While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida” —@realDonaldTrump Lockheed Martin “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” —@realDonaldTrump Macy’s “Good news, disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don’t shop there for Christmas!” —@realDonaldTrump Microsoft (Bill Gates) “Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!” —@realDonaldTrump Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2013 MLB “Can’t believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He’s paid the price. So ridiculous – let him in!” —@realDonaldTrump Mylan Retweet: “@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner http://dailycaller.com/2016/08/24/company-gouging-price-of-epipens-is-a-clinton-foundation-donor-and-partner/ … via dailycaller” National Review “Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. http://theweek.com/articles/451963/national- … review-doomed” —@realDonaldTrump New York Daily News “There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink – a total loser!” —@realDonaldTrump  New York Magazine “@NYMag I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York “Ragazine”-SAVE YOUR MONEY!” —@realDonaldTrump @NYMag I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York "Ragazine"-SAVE YOUR MONEY! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 20, 2013 New York Post “Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.” —@realDonaldTrump New York Times “The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.” —@realDonaldTrump NFL “I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence & defamation. They will drop the case against him–and he will win.” —@realDonaldTrump Politico “Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews” —@realDonaldTrump Procter & Gamble “Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia–what are we doing?!” —@realDonaldTrump Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia–what are we doing?! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2012 Residential Capital “Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt – but that doesn’t mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!” —@realDonaldTrump Rexnord “Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!” —@realDonaldTrump Rolling Stone Magazine “@jrmarsy Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!” —@realDonaldTrump S&P Global “The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio… (cont) http://deck.ly/~PgL6v” —@realDonaldTrump Sony “No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.” —@realDonaldTrump T-Mobile “.@JohnLegere @TMobile John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.” —@realDonaldTrump .@JohnLegere @TMobile John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2015 Time “Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!” —@realDonaldTrump Toyota “Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.” —@realDonaldTrump Twitter “Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!” —@realDonaldTrump Univision “Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!” —@realDonaldTrump USA Today (Gannett) “Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo–must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) http://tl.gd/hn7gjp” —@realDonaldTrump Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo–must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) http://t.co/aNt78s4h — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2012 Vanity Fair (Conde Nast) “Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent–2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) http://tl.gd/fq2g19 ” —@realDonaldTrump Vattenfall “Who would be stupid enough to invest in @VattenfallGroup’s ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25M yearly?” —@realDonaldTrump Verizon “What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!” —@realDonaldTrump Wall Street Journal (News Corp) “.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!” —@realDonaldTrump .@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2016 Washington Post “The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.” —@realDonaldTrump Weekly Standard “.@BillKristol Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!” —@realDonaldTrump Ethan Wolff-Mann is a writer at Yahoo Finance focusing on consumer issues, tech, and personal finance. Follow him on Twitter @ewolffmann. Read more: Bipartisan Committee: Killing Obamacare would cost $350 billion Here’s who Donald Trump follows on Twitter — and who he has unfollowed Robots will kill jobs and make inequality worse Craftsman’s famous lifetime warranty in question after $900 million sale Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 357 messages7%74%19% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 85 messages8%58%34% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 167 messages4%63%33% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 862 messages5%56%39% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 18 messages9%62%29% Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1631 messages6%57%37% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1407 messages7%67%26% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 339 messages6%68%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 3 messages0%67%33% Cornell University Reveals Body Slimming Miracle Applecider Magic BulletSponsored ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1518 messages6%68%26% Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam 763 messages3%70%27% Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Impeach Pelosi, Jail Waters: Lewis has allot of gall. What he is saying is the only people that voted for Trump did so because the release of emails from the DNC, meaning our votes are illegitimate. What an insulting statement made by a real first class dullard. Mr. Lewis may have been the big man on campus in 1963 but what has he done for civilization lately, other than flap his jaw and put on a ridiculous show on the house floor? He's a perfect example as to why we need term limits. This guys approach to race relations is doing the country more harm than good. His brain seems to be stuck in the 1960's when he was still relevant. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.7k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker S&P ends flat as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New York, Jan 10:   The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. The Dow’s 20,000 milestone remained elusive as it was weighed down by declines in IBM, Merck & Co, Exxon Mobil and Procter & Gamble. Trump's inauguration Traders were holding fire ahead of the upcoming corporate earnings season and the January 20 inauguration after which they expect a better sense as to whether President-elect Donald Trump will fulfill campaign promises of fiscal stimulus, lower tax and lighter regulation. “Investors are now waiting for the inauguration and the first 100-day agenda,” said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at brokerage Convergex in New York. “They just want a little more information about what the new administration is planning before the Dow takes the plunge over 20,000. There’s alot of high expectations about what happens after January 20.” The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 31.85 points, or 0.16 per cent, at 19,855.53, the S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite added 20.00 points, or 0.36 per cent, to 5,551.82. The S&P Energy sector ended down 0.95 per cent as oil futures fell 2 per cent on doubts about output cuts. Following a 9 per cent jump in the S&P since November 4, investors will also monitor earnings season, which starts this week, to assess if the record levels are justified. “We’ve shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering await-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door,’’ said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York. “Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher.” S&P 500 companies are set to post their strongest quarterly growth in three years, with earnings estimated to have risen 5.8 per cent in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by financials, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P financial sector, which has risen 17.4 per cent since the election, closed up 0.4 per cent. Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan - scheduled to report results on Friday - were its biggest drivers on Tuesday with 1.7 per cent, 0.7 per cent and 0.3 per cent rises, respectively. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher. S&P Healthcare stocks gained 0.33 per cent and the Nasdaq biotech index ended 0.8 per cent higher, both enjoying their sixth session of gains in a row. Illumina surged 16.6 per cent to $165.04 after the diagnostics company gave a strong quarterly forecast and launched a new product. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.90-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 18 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (This article was published on January 11, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Markets Live: Sensex ends higher by 241 points; Coal India, Tata Steel stocks rally Sensex ends higher by 241 points; Coal India, Tata Steel stocks rally TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex ends marginally lower; IT, TECk stocks slump More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks BoFA-ML pegs Sensex target at 29,000 for 2017 Also estimates a double-digit growth rate at 12-14 per cent for earnings in the next fiscal. » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 32° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All Lifestyle Nutella maker hits back over cancer concerns 13th Jan 2017 6:31 AM 0 PRINT Use this content Independent News and Media Related Items REVEALED: How your personality shapes your waist Banana Boat slammed by beachgoers suffering severe sunburn Local Real Estate Subscribe Now Ferrero, the maker of Nutella, has hit back at claims that palm oil used in their hazelnut and chocolate spreads could cause cancer. In May, the European Food Standards Authority warned that the contaminants found in the oil's edible form are carcinogenic. It warned that even moderate consumption of the substances represented a risk to children and said that, due to a lack of definitive data, no level could be considered safe. Palm oil is found in hundreds of household name food brands including Cadbury's chocolate, Clover and even Ben & Jerry's, but Nutella has so far faced the brunt of a consumer backlash. Sales fell by three per cent as consumers boycotted the product, fearing it could be harmful. Coop, the country's biggest supermarket chain removed 200 products containing palm oil, though not Nutella, from its shelves in May as a precaution. In response, Ferrero has launched an advertising campaign in an attempt to reassure customers that its products are totally safe. Ferrero insists that the decision to keep palm oil in Nutella, despite safety fears, is about quality, not cost. The substance is used to give the spread its smooth texture which it says can't be achieved by using other oils. "Making Nutella without palm oil would produce an inferior substitute for the real product, it would be a step backward," Ferrero's purchasing manager Vincenzo Tapella told Reuters. Substitute oils, derived for example from sunflowers or rapeseed, could be used but would increase the cost of making the product by as much as $22m (£18m), a calculation by Reuters found. Ferrero has not confirmed the figures. The company was not immediately available for comment. The cancer fears centre on a compounds known as glycidyl fatty acid esters (GE), which are produced in palm oil when it is heated above 200 degrees celsius, as it is in the processing of for many foods. Dr Helle Knutsen, chair of Contam, the EFSA panel that investigated palm oil, said in May: "There is sufficient evidence that glycidol is genotoxic and carcinogenic, therefore the Contam panel did not set a safe level for GE." The contaminants can be found in some other vegetable oils, margarines and processed foods but the EFSA found that they are produced in higher, potentially dangerous, amounts in palm oil. The World Health Organisation and UN Food and Agriculture Organisation have also expressed concerns about GE but have stopped short of issuing warnings about its consumption. A spokesperson for Ferrero said: "The health and safety of consumers is an absolute and first priority for Ferrero. "The presence of contaminants in food products, analyzed by the EFSA, depends on the oils and fats used as well as the processes they are subjected to. "It is for this reason that for some time now Ferrero has been carefully selecting raw materials and industrial processes that limit their presence to minimum levels, fully in line with the parameters defined by the EFSA." Environmental concerns It is not the first time that palm oil has caused controversy. In November Amnesty International raised concerns that global firms including Colgate-Palmolive, Kellogg's, Nestlé, Procter & Gamble, Reckitt Benckiser and Unilever have been using palm oil produced by children as young as eight, working in hazardous conditions on Indonesian plantations. Children were carrying sacks of palm fruit weighing up to 25kg, for Singapore-based company Wilmar, Amnesty found. Palm oil has long been linked to environmental degradation, including mass deforestation causing the loss of critical habitats for endangered species such as orangutans. Ferrero says all of the oil it uses comes from sustainable sources as certified by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil, a body set up by major producers and purchasers to set standards and self-regulate the industry. The RSPO has been criticised by many non-governmental organisations who say that its standards are too low and enforcement too weak. Greenpeace said in its 2013 report "Certifying Destruction" that the RSPO's standards left it free to fell pristine forests to make way for plantations.  cancer Read More Login to follow editors picks Read More Login to follow food Read More Login to follow nutella Read More Login to follow Topics:  cancer editors picks food nutella 0 PRINT Just In OPINION: Tomizawa feeds the flames Help special athletes reach their goals SPER: Govt cracking down on Ipswich's $40M debt Search on after couple kidnapped, locked in container Suburban shooting may have been mistaken identity: Police 'Shattered': Single dad victim in morning hit and run Top Stories Help special athletes reach their goals Program for special need athletes in desperate need of coaches News 16th Jan 2017 1:00 PM Comment SPER: Govt cracking down on Ipswich's $40M debt Search on after couple kidnapped, locked in container Police call interpreter for probe into kidnapping claim Suburban shooting may have been mistaken identity: Police Police puzzled over motive for attack 'Shattered': Single dad victim in morning hit and run Ipswich man's parked car, house badly damaged Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On Gatton family claims game show success A GATTON family walked away with more than $11,000 after an exciting three-night run on game show Family Feud. No amnesty for medicinal marijuana, says Qld Government Families reliant on the drug are still unsure of their futures. Woodford Folk Festival on track to smash records Ten new citizens from eight nations welcomed New Mormon church to uplift the lives of all Couple shares secret to the 'perfect' marriage Why Raj will feed hundreds for free on Christmas Day 9 things to do this weekend From music and markets to hiking and swimming, Ipswich has it all Six things to do this weekend Check out what's on in and around Ipswich. Your guide to a great night out Check out some live music in Ipswich this weekend Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC Will there be a Game of Thrones spin-off? HBO’S original programming president has teased Game of Thrones fans by suggesting there could be a spin-off of the fantasy drama series. TV 16th Jan 2017 12:30 PM Ed Sheeran's intimate gigs down under CHART-topper playing invite-only shows in Australia next month. Eddie McGuire's scandal-free focus and new-look Hot Seat HOST wants out of the hot seat himself to focus on game show revamp. Embattled Amber Sherlock back on TV after leaked video Amber Sherlock seems to have brushed off the leaked video Read Kim Kardashian's terrifying statement on robbery “The individual with ski goggles rips out my BlackBerry phone.” Five mammoth events you need in your life BRISBANE isn’t known for doing things by halves… BRIT Awards performers revealed LITTLE Mix, Emeli Sandé and The 1975 will perform at the BRIT Awards Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 1096 Tarome Road, Tarome 4309 Rural 4 2 14 $649,000 Neg Tranquillity is the best word to describe the position of this property with the surrounding mountains of the Great Dividing Range as a backdrop. Its located 10... 50 Cemetery Road, Eastern Heights 4305 House 3 1 2 $220,000 With the property market gaining momentum is it time to break the rental cycle and get into the market without breaking the budget?? The answer to the question is... 257 Limestone Ridges Road, Peak Crossing 4306 4 2 6 $829,000... Located under an hour's drive west of Brisbane, this property is sure to impress those looking for a lifestyle change, consisting of 40 quality acres of good... 31/5 Judith Street, Flinders View 4305 Unit 1 1 $95,000 Great one bedroom unit in absolutely perfect location is now presented for sale. Located in a 55+ gated community, situated close to all amenities including... 25 Law Street, Bundamba 4304 Residential Land This vacant, level, 545 square metre block of land has been a ... Offers from... This vacant, level, 545 square metre block of land has been a secret for long enough!! Situated a mere 2-3 minutes from the Warrego Highway and 5-7 minutes from... 29 Seventeen Mile Road, Helidon 4344 House 4 2 2 $310,000 Everything about this six year old family home is big! The amazing 1207m2 block with easy rear yard access, the oversized and separate air conditioned living... 29 Seventeen Mile Road, Helidon 4344 House 4 2 2 $310,000 Everything about this six year old family home is big! The amazing 1207m2 block with easy rear yard access, the oversized and separate air conditioned living... 5 Jondaryan Court, Brassall 4305 House 4 2 2 $489,000 In real estate there are houses and then there are homes. This is no ordinary house, it has always been someone’s exceptional home and now it can be yours! This... 21 Glengariff Close, Chuwar 4306 House 4 2 3 $579,000 neg FULLY FENCED & SET BACK FROM THE ROAD ON 6533SQM OF PEACE & QUIET!! SUPER SPACIOUS WITH REPLICATED FEDERATION FAÇADE THREE HUGE INTERNAL LIVING AREAS PLUS LARGE... 9 Pringle Place, Pine Mountain 4306 House 6 2 2 $589,000 This stunning 45 square home has been purposely built for family living and entertaining by a local Ipswich builder and has a unique blend of luxury, coupled with... Historical home leaves family's hands after 75 years Ramsey family played a huge role in Gympie's growth. What a year 2016 proved to be Get the inside info from the agents themselves REVEALED: What Coast wants in an international airport Sunshine Coast business people share their views on what's needed Time for a cool change Family home goes to the auction floor Designer home set in lush tropical gardens This home has it all and more Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2017. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. APN APN Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Professional Haircare Market 2016 Geographical Segmentation, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Professional Haircare Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 12, 2017 ) The global economic recovery, impact of mass media, and higher disposable incomes have resulted in improved product sales in the market. Consumers use salon services to try out new hairstyles and styling products, influenced by celebrities and changing fashion trends. Salons are increasingly opting for professional haircare products to provide varied services to customers. Publisher's analysts forecast the global professional hair care market to grow at a CAGR of 3.75% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-professional-haircare-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global professional hair care market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail sales of Pilates equipment to individual customers and sports clubs in the global market. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -Europe -MEA Publisher's report, Global Professional Hair Care Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Henkel -Kao -L'Oréal -P&G -Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462890/sample . Other prominent vendors -Avon -Cadiveu Professional USA -Combe -Estée Lauder -Godrej Consumer Products -Johnson & Johnson -Revlon -Shiseido -World Hair Cosmetics (Asia) Market driver -Use of multiple platforms to engage with consumers. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Cannibalization through one-time purchase items and DIY home product packs. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Promotion and bundle services at salons. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462890/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go Home › Life › Food and Drink Study says Nutella palm oil can cause cancer, Ferrero fights back against claim Published 12/01/2017 0 Comments Share Study says Nutella palm oil can cause cancer, Ferrero fights back against claim BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Ferrero, the maker of Nutella, has hit back at claims that palm oil used in their hazelnut and chocolate spreads could cause cancer. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/life/food-drink/study-says-nutella-palm-oil-can-cause-cancer-ferrero-fights-back-against-claim-35362978.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article35362970.ece/f8ade/AUTOCROP/h342/Nutella.jpg Email Ferrero has launched an advertising campaign in an attempt to reassure people that Nutella is safe (AP) Ferrero, the maker of Nutella, has hit back at claims that palm oil used in their hazelnut and chocolate spreads could cause cancer. In May, the European Food Standards Authority warned that the contaminants found in the oil’s edible form are carcinogenic. It warned that even moderate consumption of the substances represented a risk to children and said that, due to a lack of definitive data, no level could be considered safe. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Palm oil is found in hundreds of household name food brands including Cadbury’s chocolate, Clover and even Ben & Jerry’s, but Nutella has so far faced the brunt of a consumer backlash. Several retailers in Italy, including the country’s biggest supermarket chain, Coop, have boycotted the spread as a precaution. In response, Ferrero has launched an advertising campaign in an attempt to reassure customers that its products are safe. Ferrero insists that the decision to keep palm oil in Nutella, despite safety fears, is about quality, not cost. The substance is used to give the spread its smooth texture which it says can’t be achieved by using other oils. “Making Nutella without palm oil would produce an inferior substitute for the real product, it would be a step backward,” Ferrero's purchasing manager Vincenzo Tapella told Reuters. Substitute oils, derived for example from sunflowers or rapeseed, could be used but would increase the cost of making the product by as much as $22m (£18m), a calculation by Reuters found. Ferrero has not confirmed the figures. The company was not immediately available for comment. The cancer fears centre on a compounds known as glycidyl fatty acid esters (GE), which are produced in palm oil when it is heated above 200 degrees celsius, as it is in the processing of for many foods. Dr Helle Knutsen, chair of Contam, the EFSA panel that investigated palm oil, said in May: “There is sufficient evidence that glycidol is genotoxic and carcinogenic, therefore the Contam panel did not set a safe level for GE.” The contaminants can be found in some other vegetable oils, margarines and processed foods but the EFSA found that they are produced in higher, potentially dangerous, amounts in palm oil. The World Health Organisation and UN Food and Agriculture Organisation have also expressed concerns about GE but have stopped short of issuing warnings about its consumption. It is not the first time that palm oil has caused controversy. In November Amnesty International raised concerns that global firms including Colgate-Palmolive, Kellogg's, Nestlé, Procter & Gamble, Reckitt Benckiser and Unilever have been using palm oil produced by children as young as eight, working in hazardous conditions on Indonesian plantations. Children were carrying sacks of palm fruit weighing up to 25kg, for Singapore-based company Wilmar, Amnesty found. Palm oil has long been linked to environmental degradation, including mass deforestation causing the loss of critical habitats for endangered species such as orangutans. Ferrero says all of the oil it uses comes from sustainable sources as certified by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil, a body set up by major producers and purchasers to set standards and self-regulate the industry. The RSPO has been criticised by many non-governmental organisations who say that its standards are too low and enforcement too weak. Greenpeace said in its 2013 report "Certifying Destruction" that the RSPO's standards left it free to fell pristine forests to make way for plantations. Study claims Nutella can cause cancer   Independent News Service Related Content No Nutella for Isis: girl (5) refused personalised jar because name is associated with terrorist group Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next? Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Restaurant review: We take a bite from Cyprus Avenue  By Joris Minne The cluster effect is one which many industrial development agencies try to encourage. Let me explain. Silicon Valley in California is a cluster: a vast industrial park in which thousands of employees... Northern Ireland restaurant in shock after family leaves £1,000 tip  By Claire Williamson What would it take for you to leave a £1,000 tip? Hangover cures: 9 best breakfasts for morning after night before, according to UK's top...  Everyone has their own remedy for a hangover : Drinking a pint of water before bed to prevent the onset in the first place, eating a banana to restore potassium levels, making a fry-up to satisfy those salt cravings or just hobbling as fast as your hungover legs will carry you... Why we want to hear all about your food tale  By John McGrillen The great success of the Year of Food and Drink (YOFD) has added a new dimension to Northern Ireland's appeal as a tourism destination. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next?  Food and Drink Study says Nutella palm oil can cause cancer, Ferrero fights back against claim  Food and Drink Hangover cures: 9 best breakfasts for morning after night before, according to...  Food and Drink Family's moving tribute to brave Dempsey (8) as little girl succumbs to cancer  Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness, from IRA man to Sinn Fein minister - his journey in pictures [Photos]  News Anna Kendrick still gets anxious when meeting new people  News In hospital awaiting her third liver transplant, Lucia decided to become crusader for...  Health Watch: The Journey - First trailer for Paisley and McGuinness film  Video News We must reject the politics of hatred and spite to move forward Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next? Victoria Beckham 'launches legal action over Spice Girls reunion' NI groom singing bride up aisle gets 10m views NI restaurant shock after family leaves £1,000 tip Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's for Dsqo [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Villa for Fat Wednesdays [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland David Ervine's sister-in-law Linda hits out at DUP diehards over attitude to Irish language  Northern Ireland Irish 'toilet' tattoo divides internet  Food and Drink Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next?  Offbeat Fox frozen in block of ice after falling into Danube  Northern Ireland Poll: Would you support joint authority for Republic of Ireland and UK governments over Northern Ireland...  News Newsreader throws tantrum over colleague's dress  Northern Ireland Foster reveals social media death threat to cut her head off  Technology WhatsApp backdoor means messages can be intercepted  World Teenager crowdfunds $12,500 after parents 'no longer support her' due to black boyfriend  News Martin McGuinness, from IRA man to minister - his journey in pictures [Photos]  Northern Ireland Brrr! Snow sweeps across NI - send us your pictures  Northern Ireland Belfast mum and dad shot for refusing to hand son over to republican paramilitaries  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland developer building homes without planning permission  Northern Ireland You won't stop me digging: BBC's Nolan tells DUP  Food and Drink 9 best breakfasts to cure hangovers  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go
Pakistan Today 15 Must read articles January 16, 2017 Chinese ships arrive for Gwadar port security Federal public complaint resolution mechanisms to set up by February Punjab anti-polio drive starts today Roadside bomb kills seven Afghan civilians: officials PTI organises medical camp Rangers, police arrest 10 in raids Bangladesh arrests another plotter behind cafe siege Scholarship for minority students soon: Jeevan Two more killed in rain-related incidents Zardari, Madad discuss political situation Health care experts demand crackdown against supply of drugs at educational institutes Child dies due to non-availability of ventilator at Civil Hospital Pakistan does not intervene in other countries’ affairs: Fatemi Pak will not compromise itself to make peace with India: Sartaj Widespread rain delay trains DW Focus Headlines City Karachi Lahore Islamabad National Business Foreign Entertainment Sports Comment Editorials Columns Whites lies Cartoons Editor’s mail E-Paper Lahore Karachi Islamabad Paperazzi DNA Features Trending Chinese ships arrive for Gwadar port security - 9 hours ago Federal public complaint resolution mechanisms to set up by February - 9 hours ago Punjab anti-polio drive starts today - 9 hours ago Roadside bomb kills seven Afghan civilians: officials - 9 hours ago PTI organises medical camp - 9 hours ago Nutella maker dismisses fears over cancer-causing palm oil Arts / EntertainmentJanuary 12, 2017 BY Web Desk Ferrero, the maker of Nutella, has hit back at claims that palm oil used in their hazelnut and chocolate spreads could cause cancer, The Independent reported. In May, the European Food Standards Authority warned that the contaminants found in the oil’s edible form are carcinogenic. It warned that even moderate consumption of the substances represented a risk to children and said that, due to a lack of definitive data, no level could be considered safe. Palm oil is found in hundreds of household name food brands including Cadbury’s chocolate, Clover and even Ben & Jerry’s, but Nutella has so far faced the brunt of a consumer backlash. Several retailers in Italy, including the country’s biggest supermarket chain, Coop, have boycotted the spread as a precaution. In response, Ferrero has launched an advertising campaign in an attempt to reassure customers that its products are safe. Ferrero insists that the decision to keep palm oil in Nutella, despite safety fears, is about quality, not cost. The substance is used to give the spread its smooth texture which it says can’t be achieved by using other oils. “Making Nutella without palm oil would produce an inferior substitute for the real product, it would be a step backward,” Ferrero’s purchasing manager Vincenzo Tapella told Reuters. Substitute oils, derived for example from sunflowers or rapeseed, could be used but would increase the cost of making the product by as much as $22m (£18m), a calculation by Reuters found. Ferrero has not confirmed the figures. The company was not immediately available for comment. The cancer fears centre on a compounds known as glycidyl fatty acid esters (GE), which are produced in palm oil when it is heated above 200 degrees celsius, as it is in the processing of for many foods. It is not the first time that palm oil has caused controversy. In November Amnesty International raised concerns that global firms including Colgate-Palmolive, Kellogg’s, Nestlé, Procter & Gamble, Reckitt Benckiser and Unilever have been using palm oil produced by children as young as eight, working in hazardous conditions on Indonesian plantations. Children were carrying sacks of palm fruit weighing up to 25kg, for Singapore-based company Wilmar, Amnesty found. Palm oil has long been linked to environmental degradation, including mass deforestation causing the loss of critical habitats for endangered species such as orangutans. Ferrero says all of the oil it uses comes from sustainable sources as certified by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil, a body set up by major producers and purchasers to set standards and self-regulate the industry. Courtesy: Independent Share this on WhatsApp Headlines Chinese ships arrive for Gwadar port security - 9 hours ago Federal public complaint resolution mechanisms to set up by February - 9 hours ago Punjab anti-polio drive starts today - 9 hours ago Roadside bomb kills seven Afghan civilians: officials - 9 hours ago PTI organises medical camp - 9 hours ago Rangers, police arrest 10 in raids - 9 hours ago Bangladesh arrests another plotter behind cafe siege - 9 hours ago Scholarship for minority students soon: Jeevan - 9 hours ago Two more killed in rain-related incidents - 9 hours ago Zardari, Madad discuss political situation - 9 hours ago We are also on Facebook Tags China Court Cricket Ecp Gilani Government Govt Health Imran Khan India Iran Islamabad Karachi Killed Lahore Lhc Mqm Musharraf Nab Nato Nawaz Nawaz Sharif New Obama Pakistan PM PML-N Police Power Ppp Protest Pti Punjab Quetta Russia Sc Security Sindh Syria Taliban Terrorism Un US Violence Zardari Pakistan Today Arts / Entertainment Nutella maker dismisses fears over cancer-causing palm oil Site index Pages Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Apps Android iPhone 4 iPhone 5 iPad BlackBerry Social Twitter Facebook Google+ [footer_image_display_shortcode] "Dedicated to the legacy of the late Hameed Nizami" Arif Nizami (Editor) 4-Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, Lahore Ph: +92 42 36375963-5 Fax: 042-36298302 Ph: +92 51 2287273 Islamabad, Ph: +92 21 35381208-9 Karachi Email: [email protected] Powered by: Mindblaze Technologies High Performance Product Development Top
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets American companies were world's most innovative in 2016: BCG CNBC @CNBC1 day ago CNBC @CNBC1 day ago                                                                               Nearly 70 percent of the world's most innovative companies in 2016 were American, a Boston Consulting Group survey released on Thursday in Asia showed. Apple , Google, Tesla , Microsoft , Amazon and Netflix took the top six spots in the annual poll of 50 companies conducted by Boston Consulting Group (BCG), which drew on responses from more than 1,500 C-suite leaders. Apple topped BCG's list for the 11th straight year, which isn't surprising given the massive amount it spends on research and development (R&D). The consumer electronics giant invested $10 million into R&D for the fiscal year that ended Sept. 24, 2016, its financial statement showed. Meanwhile, Google's problem solving tactics and its famous '20 percent rule,' which encourages employees to dedicate 20 percent of their time to passion projects, ensured the search giant stayed in second place for the third straight year. Two Asian firms managed to make it into the top ten rankings, with South Korea's Samsung Group at number seven, followed by Japan's Toyota Motor in eighth place. A total of six Asian players were on the list in total. Ten European companies were featured, including Bayer at number 11, BMW at number 14 and Daimler at number 16. Honda Motor, BT Group and Procter & Gamble rounded out the last three spots on BCG's report. "Given faster-changing markets-and the fact that even in more traditional sectors technology is becoming a key differentiator-a not-invented-here mindset can be fatal," said BCG partner Andrew Taylor. "Today's most successful innovators strike a strategic balance between internal and external innovation. They are smart and efficient at scanning for external ideas-and deft at bringing them inside." BCG's research found that the majority of strong innovators took an analytical approach to the pursuit of new ideas, with 65 percent discovering fresh perspectives from social networks and big data mining. Leading innovators also complement traditional vehicles such as joint ventures with newer approaches like corporate venture capital and incubators to foster a more outward-looking culture, BCG noted. For example, 62 percent of strong innovators used incubators, the report found. —Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple, Google, Tesla ranked world's most innovative companies: BCG Nyshka Chandran | @nyshkac Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 12:15 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Nearly 70 percent of the world's most innovative companies in 2016 were American, according to a new survey of global executives released on Thursday. Apple, Google, Tesla, Microsoft, Amazon and Netflix took the top six spots in the annual poll of 50 companies conducted by Boston Consulting Group (BCG), which drew on responses from more than 1,500 C-suite leaders. Apple topped BCG's list for the 11th straight year, which isn't surprising given the massive amount it spends on research and development (R&D). The consumer electronics giant invested $10 million into R&D for the fiscal year that ended Sept. 24, 2016, its financial statement showed. Meanwhile, Google's problem solving tactics and its famous '20 percent rule,' which encourages employees to dedicate 20 percent of their time to passion projects, ensured the search giant stayed in second place for the third straight year. Two Asian firms managed to make it into the top ten rankings, with South Korea's Samsung Group at number seven, followed by Japan's Toyota Motor in eighth place. A total of six Asian players were on the list in total. Ten European companies were featured, including Bayer at number 11, BMW at number 14 and Daimler at number 16. Honda Motor, BT Group and Procter & Gamble rounded out the last three spots on BCG's report. "Given faster-changing markets-and the fact that even in more traditional sectors technology is becoming a key differentiator-a not-invented-here mindset can be fatal," said BCG partner Andrew Taylor. "Today's most successful innovators strike a strategic balance between internal and external innovation. They are smart and efficient at scanning for external ideas-and deft at bringing them inside." BCG's research found that the majority of strong innovators took an analytical approach to the pursuit of new ideas, with 65 percent discovering fresh perspectives from social networks and big data mining. Leading innovators also complement traditional vehicles such as joint ventures with newer approaches like corporate venture capital and incubators to foster a more outward-looking culture, BCG noted. For example, 62 percent of strong innovators used incubators, the report found. —Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Nyshka ChandranReporter, CNBC Asia-Pacific Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
MenuSubscribe Menu Subscribe Give a gift Renew Check your account Search Home News Breaking News World Israel National Longform Local - Boston - Florida - New York Culture Books Music Food Art Film & TV Longform Jewishness Yiddish Culture Opinion Israel World Politics National Letters Spirituality Editorial Community More The Schmooze Sisterhood Wondering Jew Eat, Drink + Think My Heretical Year Video Yiddish Forverts Go Forward travel Give Advertise Subscribe January 15, 2017 News Breaking News World Israel National Longform Local - Boston - Florida - New York Israel68% of Israelis Support Two-State Solution: J Street PollNaomi Zeveloff NewsMartin Luther King Jr.’s Pilgrimage to Israel That Never WasSam Kestenbaum Culture Books Music Food Art Film & TV Longform Jewishness Yiddish Culture My Heretical Year Eat, Drink + Think The Schmooze Sh'ma Now Thea Glassman Watch Rachel Bloom and Patti LuPone Dance the Hora on ‘Crazy Ex-Girlfriend’ The Schmooze‘The Black and The Jew Comedy Hour’ Has Some Serious Love Advice for YouThea Glassman Opinion Israel World Politics National Letters Spirituality Editorial The Sisterhood Jane Eisner J. J. Goldberg Seesaw Jane Eisner Why Won’t More Jewish Groups Condemn Trump’s Shameful Nazi Comparisons? OpinionOpening the Gates of Justice at ‘Hashem’s House’Neshama Carlebach Community Subscribe Subscribe Give a gift Renew Check your account Give Menu HomePaul Ryan Should Know Better Than To Make This Nazi Flub Home Share Search Email Facebook Google+ Twitter Menu Home News Breaking News World Israel National Longform Local - Boston - Florida - New York Culture Books Music Food Art Film & TV Longform Jewishness Yiddish Culture Opinion Israel World Politics National Letters Spirituality Editorial More The Schmooze Sisterhood Wondering Jew Eat, Drink + Think My Heretical Year Video Yiddish Forverts Go Forward travel Facebook Instagram Twitter Give Advertise Subscribe Opinion Paul Ryan Should Know Better Than To Make This Nazi Flub Steven HellerJanuary 11, 2017 Email Facebook Google+ Twitter Designers on social media enjoy going apoplectic when a famous or infamous logo is borrowed or stolen. Flagging these misuses has become a veritable pastime, like trainspotting. The designer of the recent “Paul Ryan Speaker” logo was either blind to or ignorant of the logo’s similarity to the Grosse Deutschland symbol — the national emblem of the Third Reich – which itself derived from the imperial eagle and was worn by all members of the military and by the SS and the Nazi party. And both of those possibilities are worrying. For among the prize spots for the design watchers are those that inadvertently resemble Nazi signs. The blame for these types of faux pas usually falls on the designers themselves, who, aesthetically seduced by what is generally acknowledged as the most effective political branding system in history, copy from the original indiscriminately. In this instance, though, given his national political position, Ryan must take some of the responsibility. It is odd for the speaker of the United States House of Representatives to have a personal brand mark. The office of official heraldry is set up to serve government agencies, but not government officers, with a range of traditional symbols. So, it seems especially impolitic for Ryan to have his own, especially one that is so potentially offensive. Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest Email Paul Ryan Slams Donald Trump for Star of David Debacle July 5, 2016 Whether or not the mark reveals the speaker’s hubris, the eagle is an ancient heraldic symbol representing empires, kingdoms, dictatorships and democratic nations, including — of course — our own. Rep. Ryan’s choice, therefore, is consistent with acceptable American iconography. As our national symbol, deeply rooted in an historical heritage, the American bald eagle dates back to 1782, when the great seal of the United States was adopted. Still, even the best-known symbols are subject to misinterpretation based on subjective perception. Logos are only as good as the institutions they represent. Experienced logo designers are trained to manipulate signs and symbols so that they are meaningful, memorable and, most of all, positive. Mistakes happen, including unintentional sexual or phallic innuendos or unfortunate double entendres. In 1991, a brouhaha erupted when Procter & Gamble’s vintage trademark of the Man in the Moon was called “satanic.” It was a costly hoax that plagued the brand for years. Ryan’s logo has not suffered the same public relations fate as yet. But there are rumbles in some logo circles that this will be a costly error on Ryan’s part, especially given the rise of the “alt-right.” But let’s take a close look. For design purposes, the name “Paul Ryan” is typographically balanced, so the visual mark is nicely positioned between the four letters of his first and last names. Although the eagle is modeled to suggest the top of an American flagpole, its expanded wings, left-sideways facing head and talons clutching a globe are perilously close to the foul German iteration. Nazi markings are not commonly misappropriated. Although the Nazis used a number of eagles, the fashion company Boy London continues to use one of them with its talons clutching the O in “boy.” In the early 1990s the D.C. United soccer team emblem showed an imperial-looking eagle, with talons, holding a soccer ball, in a logo that has since been revised. Olympic Logo Rorschach Test Gabriel SandersJune 7, 2007 For similar reasons, in 2007 the fashion retailer Zara was forced to withdraw a handbag from the market when it was felt that the swastika on it was too negatively charged by the Nazi use of the symbol. I doubt Ryan’s logo is meant to be a deliberate reference to the Third Reich. But there is a lesson to be learned about how powerful Nazi symbols remain in the minds of many of us. But in the minds of younger generations, while the swastika and SS runes still have symbolic power, other Nazi symbols carry only a vague sense of oppression. So, while there are movements devoted to returning the swastika to its earlier benign state as an ancient symbol of good fortune, and while there are many non-malevolent instances of majestic eagle symbolism, these designs still represent, in living memory, the most evil regime that has ever run a modern Western state. Designers who serve companies, organizations and especially governments that use symbols need to understand the impact of visual icons and to avoid those that, by aligning you visually with untenable allies, can be sharp, double-edged swords. Steven Heller is the co-chair of SVA MFA Design, in New York, and the author of “Iron Fists: Branding the 20th-Century Totalitarian State” (Phaidon Press, 2008) and “The Swastika: Symbol Beyond Redemption?” (Allworth Press, 2000). Follow him on Twitter, @thedailyheller The views and opinions expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect those of the Forward. The Forward's independent journalism depends on donations from readers like you. Give Now Recommend FacebookGoogle+Twitter Tagged as: Paul Ryan nazi Author Steven Heller Email Facebook Google+ Twitter Recommended For You Think more. Sign up for our newsletters. Thank you! You are now signed up to receive our newsletters Recommended For You Follow the Author We’ll email you whenever we publish another article by J.J Goldberg. Thank you! Close Recommend this article Paul Ryan Should Know Better Than To Make This Nazi Flub From Send to + Add another Add a message Send me a copy Thank you! This article has been sent! Close Sign up for The Daily Newsletter Thank you! You are now signed up to receive our newsletters. News Breaking News World Israel National Longform Culture Books Music Food Art Film & TV Longform Jewishness Yiddish Culture Opinion Israel World Politics National Letters Spirituality Editorial The Seesaw Community More The Schmooze Sisterhood Wondering Jew Eat, Drink + Think My Heretical Year Video Yiddish Forverts Go Forward travel Give Advertise Subscribe Get more Forward in your inbox Sign up for the newsletters Thank you! You are now signed up to receive our newsletters. Copyright ©2017 The Forward Association, Inc. All rights reserved.   |   Contact   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Trademarks   |   About   |   Jobs thank you.
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Joan Creative Welcomes New Business Operations, Strategic Leaders Advertisement NEXT:Advocate Health Care Names Schafer Condon Carter as Agency of Record PREVIOUS:Robert Senior to Step Down as Global CEO of Saatchi & Saatchi After 2 Years Revolving Door Joan Creative Welcomes New Business Operations, Strategic Leaders By Erik Oster on Jan. 11, 2017 - 2:21 PMComment Joan Creative has welcomed Dominique Ward as director of business operations and Megan Dwyer as strategy lead. Both Ward and Dwyer will be based out of the agency’s New York headquarters and report to co-founder/CCO Jaime Robinson and co-founder/CEO Lisa Clunie. To recap: Robinson, a former executive creative director at W+K, and Clunie, a veteran of lifestyle site Refinery29 and Ogilvy & Mather, launched the agency last May. The agency’s first public campaign broke with a “Rules for the Modern Woman” spot promoting Netflix during the Emmys in September, the same month the agency brought on Alex Kalluf as chief data officer. Last month, the agency added project work for General Mills. As director of business operations, Ward will be tasked with overseeing business systems for the agency, as well as its Diversity Foundation, and spearheading client collaborations. She joins Joan Creative from product design and innovation consultancy frog, where she has spent around six years, most recently serving as senior analyst, business operations. Before joining frog as a program analyst at the beginning of 2011, she spent over a year and a half in an analyst position with online marketing company Yodle. Dwyer joins the agency following a stint as a freelance brand strategy director. Before that she spent nearly six years with Saatchi & Saatchi New York, most recently serving as senior vice president, strategic planning director. While with Saatchi she worked with clients including P&G, Chase Sapphire, Miller Coors, JCPenney and General Mills. Prior to Saatchi she spent over three and a half years as a senior brand strategist with SapientNitro. “As we continue to scale and bring on new business and new people, it’s imperative that the people we hire are real Joans. Different, yet completely united in their ability to think in unusual and irregular ways. People who are kind, creative, empathetic, curious, weird and fantastic,” Clunie said in a statement. “Both Dominique and Megan fit this bill completely.” “Dominique is a problem solver who focuses on the big picture as well as all the tiny pieces, which is one of the reasons she is so skilled in developing and implementing growth strategies,” she added. “Megan has a deep understanding of people and their motivations and believes in the incredible power of ideas. We are thrilled to add their irregular thinking to our team.” < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Marketing Supervisor i.d.e.a. San Diego, California Ad Operations Associate Priceline.com Norwalk, Connecticut, United States, 06854 Advertising Program Coordinator, Off Platform Advertising Cox Enterprises Fort Myers, Florida See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Vanguard High Dividend Yield Jumped 17% in 2016 2016 was another good year for dividend stocks, and this ETF benefited as a result. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Jan 11, 2017 at 1:32PM Income investors like stocks that pay high dividends, and the companies that create exchange-traded funds have tapped into investors' demand for dividend stocks by creating dividend ETFs like the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (NYSEMKT:VYM). 2016 was a strong year for the ETF, as it produced a total return of 17%, outpacing gains in the Dow Jones Industrials and S&P 500 indexes. Yet even though the Vanguard ETF topped the overall market last year, what most investors want to know is whether its 2016 performance points to the likelihood of longer-term success for the fund. Let's take a closer look at the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF to learn more about how it works and why it did so well last year. Image source: Getty Images. Stats on Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF 2016 Total Return 17% Total Assets Under Management $22.7 billion Expense Ratio 0.09% SEC Yield 3.06% 10-Year Average Annual Return 7.1% Data source: Vanguard Group. How Vanguard High Dividend Yield invests Most exchange-traded funds are tied to indexes, with the management team having the goal of matching the performance of the index. The Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF tracks the FTSE High Dividend Yield Index, which includes more than 400 stocks of U.S. companies that have paid above-average dividends over the past 12 months. The index excludes real estate investment trusts, which means the ETF doesn't include REITs in its holdings. Over time, the Vanguard ETF has done a good job of matching the performance of its index. Only about 0.10 percentage points separates the index's theoretical return from the actual performance of the Vanguard ETF. That's directly in line with the fund's current expense ratio of 0.09%, suggesting that when you look solely at the way the ETF invests, it's doing a good job of matching performance with minimal friction from transaction costs. What helped the ETF in 2016? The overall gain in the U.S. stock market was the clearest contributor to performance for the Vanguard ETF. But more specifically, strength in many of the fund's largest holdings played a key role in driving its performance, especially because the ETF has almost a third of its assets invested in its 10 top stocks. Among its top 10 stocks as of Nov. 30, the most obvious standouts were in the energy sector. ExxonMobil and Chevron both did well in 2016, with Chevron in particular posting gains of more than 30%. The rise in crude oil and natural gas prices helped bolster the entire sector, and a large number of smaller stocks enjoyed even larger gains that contributed to the ETF's overall gains. Financial stocks also played a role in the Vanguard ETF's outperformance. JPMorgan Chase was a top 10 holding, and it climbed by about a third as conditions in the banking world became more favorable. With rising interest rates and healthier levels of economic activity, JPMorgan and many of its high-yield banking peers were in a position to rebound from a long malaise. What hurt the ETF in 2016? Not all of the Vanguard ETF's picks did that well. General Electric was a high-profile underperformer, rising just 2% in 2016 as prospects for the industrial giant didn't keep up with the rest of the market. Procter & Gamble was another slight disappointment, with mid-single-digit percentage returns that held the ETF back. Beyond the top 10, the ETF had some significant losing stocks. L Brands did particularly poorly, falling more than 27% in a tough retail environment. Still, most of the losses were relatively small, such as Coca-Cola's mild decline in the face of challenges to its sugary soft drink franchise. Does Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF belong in your portfolio? Based on its 2016 performance, Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF got the job done last year. It didn't dramatically outperform the broader market, but it did take advantage of the favorable conditions that helped support many dividend stocks as the bull market continued. Looking forward, the prospects for dividend stocks remain attractive, and the Vanguard ETF will give you a healthy helping of stocks with above-average yields. Although high yields by themselves don't necessarily reflect the health of a dividend stock, Vanguard's process has done a good job of producing good long-term performance for investors. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil and General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron and Coca-Cola. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Jan 11, 2017 at 1:32PM Financials Stocks Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF NYSEMKT:VYM $75.76 up $0.07 (0.09%) Read More The Impressive Dividend History of Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Why Vanguard High Dividend Yield Jumped 17% in 2016 #stocks $VYM
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo CASSIES Shopper Marketing Forum Awards Agency of The Year Media Agency of The Year Digital Agency of The Year PR Agency of The Year Strategy Awards PROMO! Awards AToMiC Awards Shopper Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing    ARCHIVE Home » Awards, Featured » 2017 Marketers of the Year Meet six change agents who took risks and reaped rewards for their brands in 2016. By Jennifer Horn 4 days ago This article appears in the January/February 2017 issue of strategy. Exploring untrodden land, for any brand, is a nerve-racking task. There’s a daunting amount of prep, tests and steps to take before you venture into a new demo, market, positioning and/or category. Sure, it can be tricky and sometimes trying, but it’s also almost always lush with learnings — whether they come with a positive outcome or not. The six change agents that strategy chose as its 2017 Marketers of the Year each set new agendas for their teams, and came out swinging with a year’s worth of success. Leon’s Andrea Graham invited a new agency partner to the family (after two decades going it alone) to help reach millennials, while BMO’s CMO Connie Stefankiewicz made banking more personable and human. PepsiCo’s Christine Kalvenes left Texas in 2014 to fortify the Canadian marketing department with stronger digital digs, and Penningtons’ Ginette Harnois gained new ground with plus-size women through stigma-challenging creative. And finally, Wrigley’s Dan Alvo and Campbell’s Moya Brown (who once worked together at P&G) tackled category declines by unifying marketing departments to bring new thinking across brands. After research and industry feedback, the MOYs were narrowed down from a long list of candidates, with the industry voting for the overall winner (to be announced at the CASSIES in February). Read on to learn about how this year’s marketing shifts paid off. Tags: 2016 Marketer of the Year, Andrea Graham, BMO, Campbell Company of Canada, Christine Kalvenes, Connie Stefankiewicz, Dan Alvo, Ginette Harnois, Leon's, Moya Brown, Penningtons, PepsiCo Canada, Wrigley Canada Related Articles Young Lions registration opens Marketers of the Year: Christine Kalvenes snacks on a new market Marketers of the Year: Ginette Harnois won’t compromise Marketers of the Year: Andrea Graham’s goof-proof strategy Marketers of the Year: Bringing soup strategy to a boil Popular Recent Featured ICA calls for boycott of Toronto Zoo RFP JP Wiser’s moves to No Fixed Address Start! Stop! Change! Harley-Davidson picks new Canadian leadership Marketers of the Year: Christine Kalvenes snacks on a new market Careers » Screening Room » PC gets the country to #EatTogether Ontario goes hyperlocal with climate change fight WestJet brings a miracle to Fort McMurray Halifax Mooseheads highlight an up-and-comer Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Skin Care Products Market to Reach $179 Billion, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Jan 11, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, January 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, "Skin Care Products Market by Type and Geography: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022," projects that the global skin care products market would reach $179 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 4.7% from 2016 to 2022. In 2015, Asia-Pacific dominated the market and contributed more than 40% of the overall market revenue, followed by Europe. Continue Reading Allied Market Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) To view the report, visit the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/skin-care-products-market The skin care products market is poised to witness notable growth during the forecast period, owing to rise in awareness toward skin care and usage of advanced skin care products, changing lifestyle supported by increasing disposable income and urbanization, and the increasing popularity of organic skin care products. The face cream segment occupied dominant share of the skin care products market in 2015 and is expected to maintain this trend during the forecast period. Within the face cream segment, anti-aging cream and skin brightening creams collectively accounted for around 75% of the market revenue. The body care lotion segment held 41% market share of the global skin care products market in 2015.  "In skin care product market, the skin brightening creams has huge growth potential. Anti-aging cream and sun protection cream segments fuel the Asia-Pacific market due to the increase in aging population compared to developed countries. This segment is anticipated to witness high growth in the emerging countries," states Preeti Bisht, Research Analyst, Consumer Goods at AMR. Among various geographical regions, Asia-Pacific contributed the maximum revenue share in 2015 and is expected to maintain its lead throughout the forecast period. This could be attributed to changes in customer preferences, rise in consumer concerns towards personal appearance, and changes in lifestyle, primarily in the emerging markets, such as India, China, Japan, and South Korea. However, LAMEA is expected to attain the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Key findings of the study:  In 2015, face cream product type segment led the overall skincare market revenue, which is projected to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period Sun protection cream segment is expected to exhibit the fastest growth in face cream segment, owing to the increased demand from consumers as it acts as a protective layer when applied on the skin At present, Asia-Pacific leads the global skincare market and is expected to continue this trend throughout the forecast period owing to the swift change in consumer preferences. View all reports related to Personal care and cosmetic visit the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/consumer-goods/personal-care-and-cosmetic-market-report Key players in the market have adopted merger & acquisition, product launch, partnership, and geographical expansion as their key developmental strategies to provide their services in different geographies for business growth. The major players profiled in this report include Johnson & Johnson, The Estee Lauder Companies Inc., Unilever PLC, Avon Products Inc., L'Oréal S.A., Kao Corporation, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Shiseido Company, Beiersdorf AG, and Procter & Gamble. About Us:  Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Dhananjay Potle 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Int'l: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1-800-792-5285 Fax: +1-800-792-5285 Email: query@alliedmarketresearch.com Web: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/ SOURCE Allied Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Organic Food and Beverages Market Expected to Reach $327,600 Million, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research Jan 11, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: Aquaculture Market Expected to Reach $242 Billion, Globally, by 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 12:00 ETBiometric Technology Market is Estimated to Generate $10.72... Jan 12, 2017, 11:45 ETYeast Extracts and Beta-Glucan Market Expected to Reach $1,061... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Skin Care Products Market to Reach $179 Billion, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Jan 11, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved W+K Hires Anomaly Vet Ian Toombs as Executive Creative Director in Shanghai Advertisement NEXT:mcgarrybowen, Wiz Khalifa and Canada Dry Will Help You Chill the Hell Out PREVIOUS:Advocate Health Care Names Schafer Condon Carter as Agency of Record Revolving Door W+K Hires Anomaly Vet Ian Toombs as Executive Creative Director in Shanghai By Erik Oster on Jan. 11, 2017 - 11:19 AMComment W+K Shanghai has named Ian Toombs as its new executive creative director, replacing Yang Yeo, who is leaving the agency for personal reasons. In the role, Toombs will work closely with W+K Shanghai managing director Bryan Tilson. “We’re grateful to Yang for his creative leadership and dedication to transitioning his successor,” Tilson said in a statement. “The Wieden+Kennedy family wishes him all the best as he returns home to Singapore.” “We’re incredibly excited to have Ian joining W+K Shanghai. He’s a world-class creative leader with a strong design background and work that has a fresh, infectious energy and edge about it,” he added. “He’s exceptionally talented and we expect to see a new chapter of great creative work in China under his leadership.” Toombs joins W+K Shanghai following a lengthy sabbatical, during which he traveled the world (as one can see from his picture). He joined Anomaly as an art director back in 2006 and worked his way up to roles as executive creative director and head of design for Anomaly’s New York office before leaving the agency in July of 2014. During his time with Anomaly, he helped build the agency’s creative department from a team of five to over fifty. He has worked with brands including Budweiser, P&G, Google, Converse, Diesel, Captain Morgan,  Renaissance Hotels, Jawbone, The New Museum and The One Show. “I’m adventurous by nature, so the opportunity to lead the office of such a great creative agency in one of Asia’s most dynamic cities is a dream job for me,” Toombs said in a statement. “I’m looking forward to fully immersing myself in China’s vibrant and unique landscape of creativity and culture, furthering W+K’s legacy in China, and helping to redefine how a great creative agency operates in APAC.” Since opening in 2005, W+K Shanghai has grown to include a team of over 100. Over the past year, the office picked up clients including Corona, A-B InBev’s Hoegaarden, Mondelez’s Milka, Skullcandy and Net Dragon. It also attracted a fair bit of attention with its “The Next Wave” spot for Nike. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Marketing Supervisor i.d.e.a. San Diego, California Ad Operations Associate Priceline.com Norwalk, Connecticut, United States, 06854 Advertising Program Coordinator, Off Platform Advertising Cox Enterprises Fort Myers, Florida See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Cosmetics and Personal Care | Household, Consumer & Cosmetics | Surveys, Polls and Research Skin Care Products Market to Reach $179 Billion, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research Download image PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, January 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, "Skin Care Products Market by Type and Geography: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022," projects that the global skin care products market would reach $179 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 4.7% from 2016 to 2022. In 2015, Asia-Pacific dominated the market and contributed more than 40% of the overall market revenue, followed by Europe.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) To view the report, visit the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/skin-care-products-market The skin care products market is poised to witness notable growth during the forecast period, owing to rise in awareness toward skin care and usage of advanced skin care products, changing lifestyle supported by increasing disposable income and urbanization, and the increasing popularity of organic skin care products. The face cream segment occupied dominant share of the skin care products market in 2015 and is expected to maintain this trend during the forecast period. Within the face cream segment, anti-aging cream and skin brightening creams collectively accounted for around 75% of the market revenue. The body care lotion segment held 41% market share of the global skin care products market in 2015.  "In skin care product market, the skin brightening creams has huge growth potential. Anti-aging cream and sun protection cream segments fuel the Asia-Pacific market due to the increase in aging population compared to developed countries. This segment is anticipated to witness high growth in the emerging countries," states Preeti Bisht, Research Analyst, Consumer Goods at AMR. Among various geographical regions, Asia-Pacific contributed the maximum revenue share in 2015 and is expected to maintain its lead throughout the forecast period. This could be attributed to changes in customer preferences, rise in consumer concerns towards personal appearance, and changes in lifestyle, primarily in the emerging markets, such as India, China, Japan, and South Korea. However, LAMEA is expected to attain the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Key findings of the study:  In 2015, face cream product type segment led the overall skincare market revenue, which is projected to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period Sun protection cream segment is expected to exhibit the fastest growth in face cream segment, owing to the increased demand from consumers as it acts as a protective layer when applied on the skin At present, Asia-Pacific leads the global skincare market and is expected to continue this trend throughout the forecast period owing to the swift change in consumer preferences. View all reports related to Personal care and cosmetic visit the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/consumer-goods/personal-care-and-cosmetic-market-report Key players in the market have adopted merger & acquisition, product launch, partnership, and geographical expansion as their key developmental strategies to provide their services in different geographies for business growth. The major players profiled in this report include Johnson & Johnson, The Estee Lauder Companies Inc., Unilever PLC, Avon Products Inc., L'Oréal S.A., Kao Corporation, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Shiseido Company, Beiersdorf AG, and Procter & Gamble. About Us:  Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Dhananjay Potle 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Int'l: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1-800-792-5285 Fax: +1-800-792-5285 Email: query@alliedmarketresearch.com Web: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/ SOURCE Allied Market Research More by this Source Biometric Technology Market is Estimated to Generate $10.72 Billion, Globally by 2022 - Allied Market Research 12 Jan, 2017, 17:00 GMT Yeast Extracts and Beta-Glucan Market Expected to Reach $1,061 Million by 2022, Globally - Allied Market Research 12 Jan, 2017, 16:45 GMT In Vitro Toxicity Testing Market is Expected to Reach $7,813 Million by 2022, Globally - Allied Market Research 12 Jan, 2017, 16:30 GMT View all news by Allied Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Cosmetics and Personal Care News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Jump to page content Accessibility Log in or Register for enhanced features | Forgotten Password? White Papers | Suppliers | Events | Report Store | Companies | Dining Club | Videos Oil & Gas Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage Power Generation Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind Power Distribution Utilities Network Utilities Retail Mining & Commodities Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels Clean Technology Digital Transformation Data-Driven Business Digital Protection Hybrid Agility Workplace Productivity Power Generation Wind ALL EBR | Wind Wind Home | News | White Papers | Suppliers | Companies Return to: EBR Home | Power Generation | Wind Select a Energy sector ------------------------ Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage ------------------------ Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind ------------------------ Utilities Network Utilities Retail ------------------------ Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels Wind News EDF Energies commissions 708MW of wind and solar projects in North America Published 11 January 2017 EDF Energies Nouvelles has commissioned four wind farms in the US with total installed capacity of over 708MW. In North America, the Group has also accelerated its solar energy expansion drive in 2016 with notably a new 150 MWac project in the United States. It contributes to the EDF Group’s CAP 2030 strategy which aims at doubling its renewable energy capacity by 2030. Four new wind energy projects in the United States A series of new projects entered service between December 2016 and January 2017 in the United States: -The Tyler Bluff (125.6 MW) and Salt Fork (174 MW) wind farms in northern Texas, -The Great Western wind farm (225 MW) in north-eastern Oklahoma, -The Kelly Creek wind farm (184 MW) in north-eastern Illinois. -Three of these projects are linked to the commitments made by large multinationals to reduce their carbon footprint, which represents a key sector driver in the United States: The majority (96 MW) of Tyler Bluff’s output is covered by an agreement with Procter & Gamble, allowing the Company to offset 100% of the electricity needed for all its North American based Fabric & Home Care plants. The Great Western project’s output is contracted to Google Inc. to supply renewable electricity to a nearby data centre. Salesforce entered into a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) covering part of the power generated by the Salt Fork project (24 MW). Resurgence in solar energy in North America EDF Energies Nouvelles has also signed a 20-year PPA with MCE (Marin Clean Energy) for the Desert Harvest (150 MWac) in southern California. In 2016, EDF Energies Nouvelles won 351 MWac in large-scale solar energy projects in Mexico and in the United States that are due to enter service by 2019. It has launched a drive to expand in the distributed solar market through the acquisition of Grosolar . Source: Company Press Release Share: Latest News New York awards $360m for 11 renewable energy projects Power Generation > Wind > News Tata Power commissions two renewable energy projects in India Power Generation > Wind > News EDF Energies commissions 708MW of wind and solar projects in North America Power Generation > Wind > News Suzlon wins 226.8MW order from IPP Company in India Power Generation > Wind > News UAE plans to invest $163bn in renewable energy projects Power Generation > Wind > News Related News Related Sectors Power Generation> Wind Related Dates 2017> January Related Industries Energy and Utilities> Power Generation> Renewables> Wind> Onshore Select a Energy sector ------------------------ Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage ------------------------ Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind ------------------------ Utilities Network Utilities Retail ------------------------ Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels Wind News Related Insight Suppliers Directory Spotlight Suppliers By Sector A-Z INTERTEC- Protecting Field-Based Equipment in Harsh Conditions for 50 Years INTERTEC offers a versatile range of solutions designed to protect field instrumentation in chemical and petrochemical plants, as well as other industries. Sensitive and valuable measuring and control instruments are reliably protected against freezing, excessive heat, corrosion and condensation. Power Generation > Wind > Suppliers Bronswerk Heat Transfer - Dynamic Heat Exchange Solutions Bronswerk® Heat Transfer (BHT) offers specialised knowledge of advanced processes and techniques for heat exchange systems. Since 1940, Bronswerk has designed, manufactured and supplied industrial (shell and tube) heat exchangers, cooling equipment, (A-frame) condensers, air cooled coolers (ACC) and fans for the industry. Power Generation > Wind > Suppliers Intergraph® Process, Power & Marine - Enterprise Engineering Software Soon to be known as Hexagon Process, Power & Marine, Intergraph® Process, Power & Marine is the leading global provider of engineering software for the design, construction and operation of plants, ships and offshore facilities. Power Generation > Wind > Suppliers PM Piping - Tailor Made Packages of Piping Materials The companies of the Project Materials Group supply steel products, especially piping materials, under the trading name PM Piping, to engineering contractors and operators in the oil, gas, energy, petrochemical and renewables industries. The organization operates in more than 40 countries across 5 continents. Power Generation > Wind > Suppliers Oil & Gas Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage Power Generation Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind Power Distribution Utilities Network Utilities Retail Mining & Commodities Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels # ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ Wind Intelligence Latest White Papers Flexible power generation and interconnection capacity needs of the Italian power system using PLEXOS® LT plan Published by Energy Exemplar Power Generation > Wind > White Papers Hydro Cascade & Storage Optimisation Utilising PLEXOS Published by Energy Exemplar Power Generation > Wind > White Papers SELGA-COAT® CHROME: Selective Galvanic Plating of Functional Hard Chrome Layers Published by AHC Oberflächentechnik Power Generation > Wind > White Papers Elegant Solutions to Power and Gas Sector Challenges Published by Energy Exemplar Power Generation > Wind > White Papers About us Accessibility Advertise with us Contact us Help Privacy RSS feeds Site map Dining Club Browse By Sector Browse By Network Business Review Sites Mining & Commodities Oil & Gas Power Generation Power Distribution Biofuels & Biomass Carbon Coal Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Minerals & Materials Nuclear Nuclear Fuels Refining & Petrochemicals Solar Transportation & Storage Utilities Network Utilities Retail Wind Auto Banking Clean Technology Drinks Energy Food Insurance Logistics Medical Devices Packaging Pharmaceutical Retail Technology Webinars © EBR 2017. Part of Progressive Trade Media Ltd.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Volumes jump at Gini Silk Mills counter Business Standard Market extends intraday gains Capital Market  January 11, 2017 Last Updated at 13:07 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USc3QS ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday low Sensex, Nifty trim gains after hitting highest level in more than a week Sensex, Nifty hit over one-week low Sensex, Nifty provisionally close with small losses Sensex, Nifty hit more than one-week low Key benchmark indices extended intraday gains and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 203.27 points or 0.76% at 27,102.83. The Nifty 50 index was up 76.45 points or 0.92% at 8,365.05. The Sensex was currently hovering above the psychological 27,000 level after crossing that level in early trade. The Sensex rose 209.91 points or 0.78% at the day's high of 27,109.47 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 78.88 points or 0.29% at the day's low of 26,978.44 in early trade. The Nifty rose 78.45 points or 0.95% at the day's high of 8,367.05 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 33.65 points or 0.4% at the day's low of 8,322.25 in early trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 1.04%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 1.01%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On the BSE, 1,669 shares rose and 897 shares declined. A total of 144 shares were unchanged. FMCG shares edged higher. Bajaj Corp (up 1.48%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.43%), Britannia Industries (up 1.14%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.12%), Nestle India (up 0.72%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.60%), Dabur India (up 0.54%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.08%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.03%) and Marico (up 0.02%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.14%) and Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.57%), edged lower. Metal shares were in demand. Jindal Steel & Power (up 11.22%), JSW Steel (up 6.45%), National Aluminium Company (up 5.96%), Bhushan Steel (up 5.74%), Steel Authority of India (up 5.58%), Hindalco Industries (up 5.36%), Tata Steel (up 3.69%), NMDC (up 2.61%), Hindustan Zinc (up 2.04%), Vedanta (up 1.85%) and Hindustan Copper (up 1.40%), edged higher. Meanwhile, copper price edged higher in the global commodities markets. High Grade Copper for March 2017 delivery was currently up 0.40% at $2.6230 per pound on the COMEX. Overseas, Asian stock indices edged higher tracking mostly positive closing on the Wall Street overnight. Japan's Nikkei 225 Average settled 0.33% higher. Japan's leading index strengthened to the highest level in 15 months in November, survey data from the Cabinet Office showed today, 11 January 2017. The leading index, which measures the future economic activity, rose to 102.7 in November from 100.8 in October. The coincident index improved to 115.1, from 113.5 in October. The coincident indicator reflects the current economic activity. US equities closed higher yesterday, 10 January 2017, as the Nasdaq composite notched a fresh record high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Sensex | Bse | Nifty PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Market extends intraday gains Key benchmark indices extended intraday gains and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 203.27 points or 0.76% at 27,102.83. The Nifty 50 index was up 76.45 points or 0.92% at 8,365.05. The Sensex was currently hovering above the psychological 27,000 level after crossing that level in early trade. Key benchmark indices extended intraday gains and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 203.27 points or 0.76% at 27,102.83. The Nifty 50 index was up 76.45 points or 0.92% at 8,365.05. The Sensex was currently hovering above the psychological 27,000 level after crossing that level in early trade. The Sensex rose 209.91 points or 0.78% at the day's high of 27,109.47 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 78.88 points or 0.29% at the day's low of 26,978.44 in early trade. The Nifty rose 78.45 points or 0.95% at the day's high of 8,367.05 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 33.65 points or 0.4% at the day's low of 8,322.25 in early trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 1.04%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 1.01%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On the BSE, 1,669 shares rose and 897 shares declined. A total of 144 shares were unchanged. FMCG shares edged higher. Bajaj Corp (up 1.48%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.43%), Britannia Industries (up 1.14%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.12%), Nestle India (up 0.72%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.60%), Dabur India (up 0.54%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.08%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.03%) and Marico (up 0.02%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.14%) and Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.57%), edged lower. Metal shares were in demand. Jindal Steel & Power (up 11.22%), JSW Steel (up 6.45%), National Aluminium Company (up 5.96%), Bhushan Steel (up 5.74%), Steel Authority of India (up 5.58%), Hindalco Industries (up 5.36%), Tata Steel (up 3.69%), NMDC (up 2.61%), Hindustan Zinc (up 2.04%), Vedanta (up 1.85%) and Hindustan Copper (up 1.40%), edged higher. Meanwhile, copper price edged higher in the global commodities markets. High Grade Copper for March 2017 delivery was currently up 0.40% at $2.6230 per pound on the COMEX. Overseas, Asian stock indices edged higher tracking mostly positive closing on the Wall Street overnight. Japan's Nikkei 225 Average settled 0.33% higher. Japan's leading index strengthened to the highest level in 15 months in November, survey data from the Cabinet Office showed today, 11 January 2017. The leading index, which measures the future economic activity, rose to 102.7 in November from 100.8 in October. The coincident index improved to 115.1, from 113.5 in October. The coincident indicator reflects the current economic activity. US equities closed higher yesterday, 10 January 2017, as the Nasdaq composite notched a fresh record high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market extends intraday gains Key benchmark indices extended intraday gains and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 203.27 points or 0.76% at 27,102.83. The Nifty 50 index was up 76.45 points or 0.92% at 8,365.05. The Sensex was currently hovering above the psychological 27,000 level after crossing that level in early trade. The Sensex rose 209.91 points or 0.78% at the day's high of 27,109.47 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 78.88 points or 0.29% at the day's low of 26,978.44 in early trade. The Nifty rose 78.45 points or 0.95% at the day's high of 8,367.05 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 33.65 points or 0.4% at the day's low of 8,322.25 in early trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 1.04%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 1.01%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On the BSE, 1,669 shares rose and 897 shares declined. A total of 144 shares were unchanged. FMCG shares edged higher. Bajaj Corp (up 1.48%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.43%), Britannia Industries (up 1.14%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.12%), Nestle India (up 0.72%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.60%), Dabur India (up 0.54%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.08%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.03%) and Marico (up 0.02%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.14%) and Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.57%), edged lower. Metal shares were in demand. Jindal Steel & Power (up 11.22%), JSW Steel (up 6.45%), National Aluminium Company (up 5.96%), Bhushan Steel (up 5.74%), Steel Authority of India (up 5.58%), Hindalco Industries (up 5.36%), Tata Steel (up 3.69%), NMDC (up 2.61%), Hindustan Zinc (up 2.04%), Vedanta (up 1.85%) and Hindustan Copper (up 1.40%), edged higher. Meanwhile, copper price edged higher in the global commodities markets. High Grade Copper for March 2017 delivery was currently up 0.40% at $2.6230 per pound on the COMEX. Overseas, Asian stock indices edged higher tracking mostly positive closing on the Wall Street overnight. Japan's Nikkei 225 Average settled 0.33% higher. Japan's leading index strengthened to the highest level in 15 months in November, survey data from the Cabinet Office showed today, 11 January 2017. The leading index, which measures the future economic activity, rose to 102.7 in November from 100.8 in October. The coincident index improved to 115.1, from 113.5 in October. The coincident indicator reflects the current economic activity. US equities closed higher yesterday, 10 January 2017, as the Nasdaq composite notched a fresh record high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
KTN News KTN Home Radio Maisha SDE Evewoman The Nairobian uReport EPaper Corporate HOME KENYA WORLD BUSINESS OPINION SCI & TECH HEALTH Education SPORTS MAGAZINE ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyle Home Kenya Politics Central Coast Eastern Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western World Africa Asia America Europe Business Business News Business Beat Stocks Money & Careers Smart Harvest Sci & Tech Opinion Editorial Column Letters Commentary Madd Madd World Health Sports Entertainment Branding Voice Lifestyle Crazy World Wednesday Life Home & Away Smart Harvest Sunday Magazine Environment Generation Next Environment GE Reports Your are here  » Home   » Sci & Tech What is next for GE in 2017: Changing the game with a digital industrial strategy By Standard Reporter | Updated Wed, January 11th 2017 at 12:40 GMT +3 SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Every December, GE Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt hosts a meeting with analysts and investors to walk through the company’s strategy and financial goals for the upcoming year and review major wins from the past year. This year, Immelt discussed GE’s transformation into the world’s largest digital industrial company and his plans to lead the digitisation of industry and revolutionise how we make things by adopting 3D printing and other additive manufacturing technologies. Highlighting past achievements, Immelt pointed to plans to merge GE’s Oil & Gas unit with Baker Hughes to create Baker Hughes, a GE Company. “The Baker-Hughes deal makes us one of the three big players in oil and gas,” Immelt said. “This is a good deal for investors in the right time.” The combination will create a $32-billion fullstream oil services business — based on 2015 combined revenues — with operations in over 120 countries. He also noted that it’s been a year since GE’s acquisition of Alstom’s power and grid business — its largest single deal in history. He said that the integration of Alstom with GE’s energy businesses has already driven growth and synergies across the portfolio — on track with projections and growth targets. “Alstom and Baker Hughes are good deals and they add to the company strategically and financially,” Immelt said. In addition to Alstom and the Baker Hughes announcement, Immelt said that GE has continued to expand its digital and additive manufacturing capabilities — the two key technologies the company is using to unlock new ways of working with customers and suppliers. ALSO READ: The young interns of today are the business leaders of tomorrow DIGITISING INDUSTRY In early 2016, GE opened Predix — the operating system for the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) — to businesses and partners to develop software solutions for their own operations and customers. Internally the platform has saved about $500-million in services and manufacturing productivity across GE, Immelt said. Companies such as Exelon, University of California San Francisco, BP and Proctor & Gamble have started using data insights from Predix apps to increase efficiency and productivity. Overall, there are more than 20,000 developers working on Predix. For 2017, GE expects to grow the platform to 35,000 developers and continue to expand its digital capabilities. The company has acquired software companies such as Meridium, ServiceMax and Wise.io that bring together sensors, cloud-based algorithms and advanced field technology to help transform the way engineers and coders work together. BUILDING A $1-BILLION ADDITIVE BUSINESS Over the last few years, additive manufacturing has started changing the way we make things by bringing 3D printing from developing small-scale prototypes to industrial-strength products. Today, GE has deployed additive technology in factories around the world to manufacture parts for jet engines from GE Aviation, GE Power turbines and GE Oil & Gas machines. At GE’s Global Research Centre, GE has invested $1.5-billion to keep developing these new technologies. Immelt said that additive manufacturing was also a perfect example of the GE Store — the practice of sharing expertise and technology across GE’s business portfolio. That’s because additive development and production centres can work on different parts for different businesses at the same site and learn from the process. ALSO READ: Investing in Africa’s youth and developing their skills is the only way forward SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Do you have something to add to this story? Comment here. Branding Voice Economy, global brands to drive real estate in 2017 Conference tourism registers another good year Firms brace for rough ride in battle of the taxis RECOMMENDED Researchers leading way in the fight against HIV Dutch fruits ripened by software $20 million women’s health initiative kicks off with training in Nairobi A 10-hour work week? How robots can make us happy ADVERTISEMENT latest News Herders move to Uganda in search of water Tribunal gives direction on disclosing HIV status of patients Africa Cup of Nations: Sadio Mane nets as Senegal begin AFCON campaign with 2-0 win over Tunisia Starving nation: Horrifying face of misery as hunger and drought wreak havoc AFCON: Le Roy, man with Midas touch chasing Afcon glory MADRID LEGEND SHELL-SHOCKED: When non-verbal cues betrayed Gabonese coach Antonio Camacho TOAST OF KAKAMEGA: Akhonya wins maiden top prize at Standard County Golf Classic Why boxer Gicharu won’t turn pro Butali Warriors finish third at Africa Championship CHAMPIONS AGAIN: Kenya girls retain Africa hockey title as Police men’s team fall to Egyptians to finish second VIEW ALL ADVERTISEMENT Trending Now Why counties are stuck with errant doctors despite push to fire them Lessons after cancer struck home Governor Joho accuses President Uhuru of claiming credit for county-initiated projects Uhuru vows to deepen war on graft as he calls for political tolerance ahead of August elections NASA will flop once Raila declares himself flag bearer British spy who exposed Trump prostitute scandal was paid Ksh25 million House help burns boss to death in Eldoret KTN News Live Stream Entertainment News Foolish women rant about their men on social media Kisii guys are not stingy, we are just realistic 4 things to do when your friend becomes your boss Shameless politicians fan hate as toothless watchdogs watch Noamba bwana Aden Duale unisikize VIEW ALL Sci & Tech What is next for GE in 2017: Changing the game with a digital industrial strategy Samsung leader named a suspect in South Korea political probe   By Reuters   |   1 day ago Beijing sets 2017 air pollution goal at more than double WHO's acceptable standard Over one million Chinese-character domain names in use Airtel appoints Rajeev, as Chief Commercial Officer Be curious, be diligent, be good at what you do and you will be successful, says Shane Fitzsimons Saudi embrace of ride-hailing apps drives economic, social change VIEW ALL Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ADVERTISEMENT latest Jobs Sales Supervisor- Building Materials - Sunda International Sales Supervisor- Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) - Sunda International Sales Supervisor- Household & Hardware (HHMC) - Sunda International Business Development Program Manager, Executive Education [Strathmore University] Sales and Marketing Manager – Retail - Yilmaz Company Limited VIEW ALL Latest videos KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Checkpoint: Full Interview with IEBC CEO Ezra Chiloba 15/1/2017 KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Bungoma family still hopes to find missing son since El-Adde attack KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Pain for dead KDF troops' families as number deployed soldiers unknown KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Biwott accuses Aden Duale of defaming retired president Moi News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Lifestyle Special Reports The Nairobian Entertainment Gossip Pulse The Nairobian Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery Crazy Monday More Sites Mobile Standard Digital Music Cars PDS Classifieds Buy Rent Kenya RSS Standard e-paper Jobs Games Corporate Other Links Tenders at Standard Group Contact Us Rate Card Vacancies at Standard Group Terms of Service Campus Vibe uReport DCX O.M. Portal RMS Corporate Email © Copyright 2017 - Standard Group Limited
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oleochemical Fatty Acids Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oleochemical Fatty Acids Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advanceme   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 11, 2017 ) The Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market is valued at $16.4 billion and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2014 and 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Whereas demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents acts as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favoring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oleochemical-fatty-acids-global-market-outlook-trends-forecast-and-opportunity-assessment-2014-2022 Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2013, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Oleochemicals fatty Acids market is segmented by product, by application and by geography. Depending on the products, the market is segmented into distilled fatty acids, stearic acid, polyunsaturated fatty acids, fractionated fatty acids, glycerin and fatty alcohols. Based on applications, market is categorized into food and beverages, pharmaceuticals and personal care, polymers, soaps and detergents. By geography, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World. Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117290/sample The key players in the Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market include Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Amyris, Emery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, Evonik Industries, Solazyme, Cargill Incorporated and Genomatica. What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 9.1 Arizona Chemical Company LLC 9.2 Amyris 9.3 Emery Oleochemicals 9.4 P&G Chemicals 9.5 Godrej Industries 9.6 Isosciences LLC 9.7 Evonik Industries 9.8 Solazyme 9.9 Cargill Incorporated 9.10 Genomatica Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117290/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Amazon Alexa moves outside the home Cross-media campaigns are more effective Trump endorsement raises questions Packaging design for purpose Ad industry seeks halt on EU restrictions Gen Z shapes Philippines but uncertainty reigns Ethnic beverages could pass colas View more news Super Bowl spending to hit new high 11 January 2017 NEW YORK: Advertising expenditure at this year's Super Bowl is expected to top the total spend during the whole of the 1960s, '70s and '80s, according to a new analysis by Advertising Age. The magazine projected spending on commercials during the 2017 game would reach a record $385m; by comparison, equivalent spending over the 22 years following the first Super Bowl in 1967 amounted to $299m; the cumulative total to date stands at $4.9bn. The cost of a 30-second slot on Fox, which is broadcasting this year's game, is put at $5m or more, far ahead of the $40,000 being charged ($240,000 adjusted for inflation) in Super Bowl I. Few ads have yet been released ahead of Super Bowl LI on February 5, but brands expected to be advertising include: Go Daddy, the web hosting company; Devour, the frozen food brand; Mars' confectionery brands Snickers and Skittles; Busch and Bud Light, AB InBev beer brands; automakers Audi, Honda, Kia and Lexus; Febreze and Mr Clean, the Procter & Gamble-owned household products; and Avocados from Mexico, the promotional body for the Mexican Hass Avocado Importers Association. Pepsi, meanwhile, has recruited Lady Gaga to headline its half-time show and the soft drinks brand will also be promoting its zero-sugar variant. Several high-profile advertisers of recent years have opted not to take part this time around, including automaker Toyota and snack brand Doritos. The latter has had a long run of success with its annual "Crash the Super Bowl" ads involving user-generated content, and which last year it extended beyond the event itself to create a platform where people could pitch ideas all year round. An analysis of Super Bowl content by Devra Pynes, VP/marketing & insights at Unruly, suggested that advertisers should avoid using celebrities, pre-launch the ad, promote the ad and trigger an emotion such as national pride or amazement. "Emotional intensity is the secret sauce to generating audience engagement and video sharing," she noted. Data sourced from Advertising Age, Adweek, CNBC; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: 10 content lessons from the Super Bowl What makes a winning Super Bowl ad? Frito-Lay - Crash the Super Bowl Doritos seeks "bold" brand continuity beyond Super Bowl spots Coke updates the Super Bowl advertising playbook Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Amazon Alexa moves outside the home Cross-media campaigns are more effective Trump endorsement raises questions Packaging design for purpose Ad industry seeks halt on EU restrictions Gen Z shapes Philippines but uncertainty reigns Ethnic beverages could pass colas View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Nutella has now been linked to cancer, according to report Nutella contains palm oil, which is more carcinogenic than any other oil Natalie Gil, Refinery29 Thursday 12 January 2017 15:20 BST Click to follow ES Lifestyle As if January wasn't bleak enough already. Now, we may not even be able to eat one of our favourite comfort foods anymore without knowingly risking our health. Foods that contain palm oil could pose a cancer risk, according to the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), and Nutella has so far faced the brunt of the public backlash. Other popular products that contain palm oil include Cadbury's chocolate, Ben & Jerry’s ice cream and Clover spread, reported The Independent. The report by EFSA said palm oil is more carcinogenic than any other oil, echoing similar claims made by the World Health Organisation. Several retailers in Italy – including Coop, the country's biggest supermarket chain – have even boycotted the chocolate and hazelnut spread over the claims. But Ferrero, which makes the spread, has hit back by launching an advertising campaign to assure people that its product is safe. Nutella is the company's flagship product and makes up about a fifth of its sales, The Telegraph reported. Read more How to make Nutella truffles The company said it will keep using palm oil in Nutella, despite fears over its safety, to preserve the spread's quality. The oil is apparently used to give the spread its smooth texture, Ferrero said, adding that no other oils would work in the same way. Vincenzo Tapella, Ferrero's purchasing manager, told Reuters: “Making Nutella without palm oil would produce an inferior substitute for the real product, it would be a step backward." Ferrero didn't mention that palm oil is one of the cheapest oils and that switching to alternative oils, such as sunflower or rapeseed, could increase the cost of making Nutella by up to as $22m (£18m), Reuters reported. Ferrero hasn't yet commented on these figures. Posh chocolate spreads - in pictures 7 show all Posh chocolate spreads - in pictures 1/7 Scroll to see our pick of the best chocolate spreads... Shutterstock 2/7 Prestat Posh Chocolate Spread with Rhapsodic Raspberry Rich and fruity, Prestat’s dark chocolate and raspberry spread is made with cocoa from Sao Tome, Ghana and Tanzania. The fancy spread contains 44% of Belgium raspberries and goes perfectly with a toasted croissant. £5.95, Prestat, Buy it now 3/7 Hotel Chocolat Salted Caramel & Pecan Chocolate Spread Make your toast extra delicious with this nutty spread from the award-winning British chocolatier. Its mouth-watering ingredients include lightly salted caramel, milk chocolate and finely ground pecan nuts. £6, Hotel Chocolat, Buy it now 4/7 Pierre Marcolini Classic Collection Jams & Spread Haute chocolatier Pierre Marcolini is famed for his innovative creations made with exceptionally high-quality chocolate. This tempting trio includes the expert’s Pate Fraiche milk chocolate spread, which has the same melt-in-the-mouth feel as his succulent bars and truffles. £29.90, Selfridges, Buy it now 5/7 La Molina Gianduja Chocolate Spread Great as a midday treat, La Molina’s velvety gianduja spread is crafted from a traditional Piedmontese recipe. Made with all-natural ingredients, the product contains 55% hazelnuts and makes a lovely gift for chocoholics. £13.99, Selfridges, Buy it now 6/7 Waitrose Seriously Chocolatey Chocolate Spread This creamy spread can be added to some of your favourite puddings, including cakes and ice cream. The ultra-rich treat is suitable for vegetarians and is made with tasty Belgium chocolate and dairy cream. £2.09, Waitrose, Buy it now 7/7 Biona Organic Dark Chocolate Spread If your diet is based on organic foods, then this is the jar for your shelf. It contains rich dark chocolate and can be eaten with desserts or mixed into cake icing to create a delicious topping. Also suitable for vegans. £3.39, Ocado, Buy it now Palm oil is dangerous because it produces compounds called glycidyl fatty acid esters (GE) when it's heated above 200 degrees celsius, a process involved in the manufacturing of many foods. “There is sufficient evidence that glycidol is genotoxic and carcinogenic," said Dr Helle Knutsen, chair of Contam, the EFSA panel that investigated palm oil in May. "Therefore the Contam panel did not set a safe level for GE.” These compounds can also be found in other vegetable oils, margarines and processed foods, but they are found in higher, potentially dangerous, amounts in palm oil, the ESFA report said. Read more You’ve been pronouncing Nutella wrong your whole life... Palm oil has been controversial for a while – and not just for health reasons. According to a report by Amnesty International in November, global brands such as Colgate-Palmolive, Kellogg's, Nestlé, Procter & Gamble, Reckitt Benckiser and Unilever have been using palm oil produced by children – some as young as eight – working on hazardous Indonesian plantations. It has a well-known harmful impact on the environment, too, having been linked to mass deforestation and the loss of habitats of endangered species such as orangutans. It's a sad state of affairs, but it's probably time to look for a healthier and more ethical alternative to our favourite chocolate spread. Read more from Refinery29: "Dry Jan", Week 2: Report From The Front Lines Of Dry January 7 Reasons You Need More Fat In Your Life This Food Writer Has The Best Reason For Not Using The Phrase "Clean Eating" More about: Nutella Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Operations Sales and Marketing Turn your shelving price stickers into a data gathering tool with shelfPoint Eric Emin Wood @ericewood Published: January 12th, 2017 Retailers and brands already have access to intelligent packaging and intelligent labels for their products – so they might as well have intelligent shelves to stock them on. That appears to be the thinking behind San Diego, Calif.-based retail technology firm Cloverleaf Media LLC, which today announced shelfPoint, a solution that replaces traditional shelf pricing stickers while simultaneously serving as a video ad platform and collecting customer engagement data. “Retail technology has shown a great deal of promise, particularly around gathering and using data more effectively,” Jan Murley, Cloverleaf’s chief strategy and marketing advisor, tells ITBusiness.ca. “Unfortunately most of that technology is triggered at the point of sale, after the shopper has finished his or her shopping. I think what makes us unique is that we’re the first technology-driven platform that engages a shopper where he or she is actually shopping – at the shelf.” Despite public perception that online shopping has taken over retail in recent years, the reality is that more than half of Canadian consumers still prefer shopping at physical stores, and in recent years a hybrid approach combining the two has taken centre stage, she says. Yet while multiple studies show that creating a digitally-driven experience at retail stores – using mobile devices, for example – pays dividends, Canadian retailers especially have been slow to keep up. With many U.S. retailers facing similar challenges, Cloverleaf’s mission when developing shelfPoint was twofold, Murley says: provide brands and retailers with a dynamic new display platform that brings their pricing information into the 21st century, while simultaneously building an analytics platform they can use to record their customers’ emotional reactions to a product, along with the moment they decide to purchase. “We call it the 10, five, and one,” she says. “At 10 feet, we need to stop you and grab your attention with a big, dynamic piece of communication. At five feet we’ve drawn you in and want to tell you more about what’s here and why you might like it, and at one foot we want to close the sale with a pricing or a promotional offer.” The shelfPoint platform can also be used for live A/B testing, giving marketing teams the opportunity to program multiple displays, optimizing each message for a specific demographic and evaluating their success. “We can learn whether message A is more powerful than message B, so we can keep optimizing the message for the particular target,” Murley explains. “Over time we will be able to modify the message we put out there based on who is shopping in front of the shelf – so if I am a brand and I want to attract millennials with one message, and soccer moms with the other, I can figure out how to differentiate my messages based on who is in front of the shelf at the time.” And privacy-minded customers needn’t worry – the focus is on mapping demographics and expressions, not personal details, she notes. Nothing is stored. “We only know you from the pixels in a template,” Murley says. “So there’s never any physical picture – what’s kept are the pixels, which map against the template with about an 80 per cent accuracy rate.” So far, the platform’s features include: Emotional Artificial Intelligence Technology: Leveraging a strategic partnership with “emotional AI” developer Affectiva, the shelfPoint platform uses optical sensors to classify each shopper’s facial expressions into one of 20 categories such as joy, sadness, anger, fear, or surprise without storing personal information or images. Demographic Capture Capabilities: shelfPoint’s sensors can also gather anonymous shopper demographic data including age, gender, and ethnic group. LCD Display: The platform includes high-definition LCD strips that run across an entire shelf, giving marketers a new platform they can use to attract, engage, and entice shoppers based on their distance, demographic, and engagement. Actionable Insights: Using Cloverleaf’s own cloud-based insights platform, shelfPoint can be used to analyze in-store data and deliver a detailed overview of key findings tailored to the retailer and/or brand’s needs. IT Agnostic Platform: CIOs will be happy to know that shelfPoint uses its own cloud-based, cellular-enabled media player and can thus easily integrate with just about any existing IT infrastructure, in addition to running independently of a store’s wireless Internet connection. All retailers need do is upload their pricing information to the platform, as Murley says attempting full integration with a store’s point-of-sale system would have been more trouble than it was worth. The company is happy to help clients make sense of their data as well, Murley says, depending on their needs: Proctor and Gamble, for example, has data crunchers working for them and prefers to receive raw information, while Red Bull representatives simply ask for the highlights. Eventually, she acknowledges, Cloverleaf hopes that its platform becomes widespread enough that it can serve as a customer analytics firm. “It’s like when Amazon started selling books,” she says. “We want to start with the shelf, because that’s the most productive place to build from.” Check out a demonstration of Cloverleaf’s shelfPoint solution, using Pepsi products, below. Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles Is your ISP really giving you the speeds it promises? Here's how to find out Optimizing customer service will be driven by AI and collaboration, Salesforce says Operations, Sales and Marketing analytics, cloud, retail About Eric Emin Wood Associate editor at IT World Canada. When not writing about the tech industry enjoys photography, movies, travelling, the Oxford comma, and will talk your ear off about animation if you give him an opening. Follow Follow @ericewood on Twitter Related Content Generation Z doesn’t prefer to shop online I now have a 3D-printed figurine of myself – and you can order one too! Pinterest brings “Promoted Pins” service to Canada How IBM Watson helped Time magazine narrow its search for Person of the Year PageBooks Ayelet Baron – Author, speaker and futurist takes us on a journey to the future of work with an engaging series excerpted from her popular columns in ITBusiness.ca Read More Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2017 ITBusiness.ca
