Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oi SA (OIBRQ) Earns Hold Rating from Barclays PLC Norges Bank Purchases New Position in Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Position Decreased by Putnam Investments LLC 19,724 Shares in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Acquired by Independent Advisor Alliance Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Shares Bought by Archford Capital Strategies LLC Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Position in American Express Company (AXP) Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) Position Increased by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $883,000 Position in California Water Service Group (CWT) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $875,000 Stake in Empire State Realty Trust Inc (ESRT) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $862,000 Position in Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Has $3,118,000 Position in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) RB Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Position Increased by Lebenthal Asset Management LLC First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Position Reduced by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Position Held by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Stake Increased by AQR Capital Management LLC Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Acquires 14 Shares of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Position in ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP) Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 35,814 Shares of Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by Redmond Asset Management LLC March 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Redmond Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 4.0% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 11,741 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 453 shares during the period. Redmond Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $987,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 4.0% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 148,651 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,586,000 after buying an additional 5,732 shares during the period. New England Research & Management Inc. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 12.6% in the third quarter. New England Research & Management Inc. now owns 13,826 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,241,000 after buying an additional 1,546 shares during the period. LifePlan Financial Group Inc raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 2.0% in the third quarter. LifePlan Financial Group Inc now owns 18,793 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,687,000 after buying an additional 370 shares during the period. Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Co. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.1% in the third quarter. Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Co. now owns 16,274 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,460,000 after buying an additional 179 shares during the period. Finally, Private Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 2.6% in the third quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. now owns 79,440 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,130,000 after buying an additional 2,039 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 90.57 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $231.54 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.59 and a beta of 0.64. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $90.30 and its 200-day moving average price is $86.97. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $79.10 and a 12-month high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The company had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.04 earnings per share. Procter & Gamble Co’s quarterly revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/25/procter-gamble-co-pg-shares-bought-by-redmond-asset-management-llc.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on PG shares. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Saturday, November 26th. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $95.00 to $90.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Vetr downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.43 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $88.00 to $86.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Co currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $90.73. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, CEO David S. Taylor sold 38,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $88.55, for a total transaction of $3,364,900.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total value of $5,126,855.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's Facebook page has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! × 90038449 story Still More Advertisers Pull Google Ads Over YouTube Hate Videos (morningstar.com) 155 Posted by EditorDavid on Sunday March 26, 2017 @12:34AM from the watching-what-you-watch dept. "A week after Google apologized for running customers' advertisements alongside objectionable videos, triggering a change in policy, its YouTube site is still rife with examples that are angering more big advertisers and causing some to cut spending with the tech giant," reports the Dow Jones Newswire. Reporters from the Wall Street Journal spotted ads from Microsoft, Amazon, and Procter & Gamble appearing on hate videos -- and thus indirectly funding them. An anonymous reader quotes their report: Asked about the Journal's finding that their ads were still appearing with such content on YouTube as of Thursday night, Coca-Cola, PepsiCo Inc., Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Dish Network Corp. said Friday they were suspending spending on all Google advertising except targeted search ads. Starbucks Corp. and General Motors Co. said they were pulling their ads from YouTube. FX Networks, part of 21st Century Fox Inc., said it was suspending all advertising spending on Google, including search ads and YouTube. Wal-Mart said: "The content with which we are being associated is appalling and completely against our company values." An executive at one of the affected companies complained that Google "had assured us over the past few days that our brands were safe from this type of content. Despite their assurances, it's clear they couldn't give assurance." google youtube advertising ← Related Links → SAS Mocked For Recommending 60% Proprietary Software, 40% Open Source YouTube Says Content Owners Made $1B Last Year -- So Music Labels Should Stop Complaining Google To Revamp Policies, Hire Staff After UK Ad Scandal YouTube Loses Major Advertisers Over Offensive Videos Terrifying Anti-Riot Vehicle Created To Quash Any Urban Disturbance Still More Advertisers Pull Google Ads Over YouTube Hate Videos More | Reply Login Still More Advertisers Pull Google Ads Over YouTube Hate Videos Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 156 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Alternative media. (Score:5, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @12:39AM (#54111147) Everyone say goodbye to dissenting opinions on YouTube. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Many uploaders shut down comments so they don't have to listen to people complaining. Re: (Score:3) by ArmoredDragon ( 3450605 ) writes: I doubt they would shut it down, it's just too valuable. I think it's most likely that they'd change their policies (up to and including implementing a censorship policy that extends beyond its current one that only bans illegal and pornographic content) and if that fails, they'd sell it. But outright shutting it down just wouldn't make any sense. Would be a shame if they went as far as increasing censorship policies though. I remember around the time of Benghazi when Hillary (rather blatantly) lied about tha Re: Alternative media. (Score:5, Interesting) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: <<mojo> <at> <world3.net>> on Sunday March 26, 2017 @05:45AM (#54111721) Homepage I think you have misunderstood what is happening here. YouTube is not removing these videos, it is simply preventing adverts from these companies from appearing next to them. That generally means that the content creator can't earn revenue through YouTube any more, but the videos are not being censored or removed. This has actually been happening for ages due to copyright issues. For example, a lot of Mario players on Twitch also post clips to YouTube, but they can't be monetized because Nintendo won't allow it and will file copyright claims if you try to. So they make their money from Twitch and Patreon and merchandise, rather than YouTube ads. Sucks but you can't really force advertisers to give you money. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 1 reply beneath your current threshold. But Dissent is Now HATE (Score:5, Insightful) by Kunedog ( 1033226 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @02:12AM (#54111339) Everyone say goodbye to dissenting opinions on YouTube. Disagreement is now harrassment. Mockery is now hate speech. Offense is now trauma. Criticism is now abuse. Compelling criticism is now violence. Anyone who talks about subjects the MSM wants to suppress is now a troll. Anyone at random is a racist/sexist/white supremacist/nazi/etc if they say so. The use of this alarmist (and usually, simply wrong) language is ubiquitous and deliberate. It's all a pretense to justify a disproportionate censorial "response," especially when they know no response is warranted at all. It's also a brazenly transparent tactic, especially since Twitter/Reddit/etc rarely seem to use it against users that properly align with their politics. A popular tranny just had two of her YT videos demonitized, one that criticized Islam, and another that criticized feminism: https://twitter.com/MsBlaireWh... [twitter.com] Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:But Dissent is Now HATE (Score:4, Informative) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: <<mojo> <at> <world3.net>> on Sunday March 26, 2017 @05:41AM (#54111713) Homepage And refusing to give you a platform is now genocide. Don't get me wrong, YouTube has fucked up royally here, but your claims are laughable because I can still go to YouTube right this second and watch neo-Nazis spouting off, or Carl of Swindon ranting about feminazis, or The Golden One living out his liberal murder fantasies in video games, and all still monetized. It's obvious to anyone with a level head that YouTube is just incompetent. You can't attribute any political or philosophical or moral motivation to their actions, because they are too inconsistent to be rational. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Raenex ( 947668 ) writes: And refusing to give you a platform is now genocide. Who is claiming that? Oh, you, in typical strawman fashion. Don't get me wrong, YouTube has fucked up royally here, but your claims are laughable because I can still go to YouTube right this second and watch neo-Nazis spouting off, or Carl of Swindon ranting about feminazis, or The Golden One living out his liberal murder fantasies in video games, and all still monetized. How does that refute what is desired by the leftist agitators versus what YouTube is actually doing? The boycott came about because YouTube didn't sufficiently turn itself into a "safe space". It's obvious to anyone with a level head that YouTube is just incompetent. You can't attribute any political or philosophical or moral motivation to their actions, because they are too inconsistent to be rational. It's obvious to anybody who's been paying attention that the left has been hysterically ramping up their cries about "hate speech" and leveling it at anybody who opposes their ideological positions. Re: (Score:1) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: I guess you missed the irony. There is no bug push from "leftist agitators" to censor YouTube, if anything the opposite is true as more and more progressive leaning channels appear like Shaun and Jen, H. Bomberguy, Garret and many others. Any ban on the words that seem to trigger these problems would affect their videos as well. On top of that, there has been a huge amount of criticism on social media from the left because what Youtube has done is indiscriminate and affects many non-controversial videos (unl Re: (Score:3) by Raenex ( 947668 ) writes: There is no bug push from "leftist agitators" to censor YouTube Bullshit. It's the leftist mainstream media that lumps together Islamic terrorists with "far-right" groups, yet never talk about "far-left" groups. It's also the left that's been hell bent on "deplatforming" the right the past several years. On top of that, there has been a huge amount of criticism on social media from the left because what Youtube has done is indiscriminate and affects many non-controversial videos (unless you consider make-up tips for trans women to be a problem) Yes, they are only concerned when they get caught up in the net. That doesn't mean they aren't for the net. Just so long as it only applies to "hateful" channels, that is, those on the right. Re: (Score:2) by peragrin ( 659227 ) writes: Yet when the haters on the right does the exact same thing. It is okay? Let's put it this way when Obama was putting out Obamacare did he threaten every single democrat who voted no? That is what Trump just did to republiacans. He threatened their jobs, he threatened their families if they didn't do what he told them to do. Now which side is dangerous, which side is vengeful? It isn't that Lettie terrorists don't exist but it is significantly smaller than rightie terrorists. Also remember every single Isl Re: (Score:2) by Raenex ( 947668 ) writes: Yet when the haters on the right does the exact same thing. It is okay? Where is the right trying to "deplatform" left-wing speakers? Let's put it this way when Obama was putting out Obamacare did he threaten every single democrat who voted no? What does that have to do with free speech on gigantic platforms like YouTube? Now which side is dangerous, which side is vengeful? Let's see, who is committing the violence [rollingstone.com] and trying to prevent the speech of others? That would be the left. Also remember every single Islamic terrorists is a conservative. They are all right wing. They all want theirs at over science. Now which American party also wants religion over science? Which political party responds to critiques of Islam with cries of "Islamophobia" and "racist"? Which political party is against restrictions on Muslim immigration? Which political party has apologists for Sharia law leading [breitbart.com] women marches? The left went from fighti Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: It's not the words that are being targetted, it's the philosophies. Acceptance of abuse is not tolerance. It's just being abused. Re: (Score:2) by justthinkit ( 954982 ) writes: YouTube is just incompetent Right, watching and listening to 150 hours of new content uploaded every hour should be easy peasy. Just imagine the cost of doing this. Imagine how problematic this is. The people forced/choosing to do this are subjecting themselves to abuse, at some point or continuously. And how does one police/supervise the "reviewers"? Why, you need another person to listen to the same stuff to make sure, right? Sounds like an impossible assignment to me. The way I would handle it is to tell a Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Right, watching and listening to 150 hours of new content uploaded every hour should be easy peasy. If your argument is that Google cannot afford to hire 150-200 additional employees, it's a pretty lousy argument. And how does one police/supervise the "reviewers"? Why, you need another person to listen to the same stuff to make sure, right? Your failure is of imagination. No, no you don't. You let the community flag your misses. Just getting the vast majority of them would do the job. Sounds like an impossible assignment to me. That's because you're being disingenuous. Or dumb. Re: But Dissent is Now HATE (Score:2) by UPZ ( 947916 ) writes: I wouldn't go that far. Youtube is still free to post whatever it wants, and companies are still free to take their business elsewhere if they dont want to fund creaters of hateful content and YouTube doesn't (yet) have a way to separate them out for its advertisers. What is the freedom of speech if not this? Re: (Score:2) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: I doubt people who sit and spout racist shit into a camera are doing it for profit. Re: (Score:2) by sudon't ( 580652 ) writes: I doubt people who sit and spout racist shit into a camera are doing it for profit. A lot aren't, but some want to spout racist shit full-time, (and likely have a hard time holding down a job anyway), and there are many others who are less ideological than greedy, and have discovered how remunerative clickbait can be, and what an easy target the Right is. Advertising dollars make this possible. That's how we ended up with all this fake news. I get why many advertisers wouldn't want to be associated with this dreck but, and you can ask Anonymous Coward, racist assholes buy stuff, too. Luckil Re: (Score:2) by ganjadude ( 952775 ) writes: no he doesnt. lets stop with the hyperbole. white nationalists hate milo, and he hates them right back YouTube in an EVIL nutshell (Score:3) by shanen ( 462549 ) writes: Everyone say goodbye to dissenting opinions on YouTube. The basis of the "insightful" moderation is eluding me. Par for today's Slashdot, though I remain more discouraged by the lack of actually "funny" comments. Or perhaps I should say dismayed by both? Or maybe it's just too hard for me to imagine why anyone would pay to advertise anything on YouTube. For a lot of the user-generated content the adjective execrable is just too kind. Not sure about "dissenting opinions", but the only ones I remember noticing were on the wrong side of execrable. These is some legit Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Or maybe it's just too hard for me to imagine why anyone would pay to advertise anything on YouTube. Advertisers' goal is typically to connect with stupid people who will buy shit they don't need. And what a coincidence: people too dumb to block ads on Youtube are spectacularly stupid, thus ideal for typically sophomoric marketing tactics designed to make people feel bad enough about themselves to buy some garbage. Re: (Score:3) by jandersen ( 462034 ) writes: Here's an interesting article: http://www.freepresshouston.co... [freepresshouston.com] 'Free speech' has become a mantra for bullying the people whose opinion is that there are things they don't like and don't want to see; but that in itself becomes a kind of censorship. Not by the government, but by other groups - and it is extremely easy to bombard websites with updates that drown out opinions that you as a person or group don't like. Ideally, if all people were honest and genuinely played by the rules of good citizenship etc, f Re: (Score:2) by Dunbal ( 464142 ) * writes: The advertisers have a right to not have their ads associated with hate videos This is so funny. Advertisers think people actually watch their ads. Let alone care. Re: (Score:2) by I'm New Around Here ( 1154723 ) writes: There's ads on youtube? Re: Alternative media. (Score:2, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: violation of the first? the constitution is law that governs corporations? you don't know what the constitution or the bill of rights is, do ya frenchy. Re: (Score:2) by JustAnotherOldGuy ( 4145623 ) writes: Removing racist opinions is a violation of the first amendment. You fail. The First Amendment applies to the government restricting or suppressing free speech. A private entity like Google/Youtube has no such obligation whatsoever. They're free to disallow comments or content for whatever reason(s) they want. Get a copy of the constitution and read it. Or have someone read it to you, you dipshit. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3) by Z80a ( 971949 ) writes: They don't care about SJWs, they just don't want their squeaky clean brands "tainted" by anything that may even remotely sound like something wrong. Prove em that the so called SJW thing is also hateful and hurting their brand (not that hard really), and you will see they get rid of em just as quickly. Re: (Score:3) by Z80a ( 971949 ) writes: The real racists are anyone that think and divide the population by the race instead of personal merits and views. And there's no color or specific gender required to do that, just a lack of deeper thought and a general willingness to let some stupid group think for you. But if i would give the SJW a color, i would say that most are actually white, due how they can easily fall for the "shame of being born white". Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Brands don't have morals to stand up for in the first place, but they do have bottom lines to protect. And armies of idiot snowflakes threatening to boycott them for being inadvertently proximal to opinions they disagree with is an obvious, though probably false, threat to their sales. Re: (Score:2) by BlueStrat ( 756137 ) writes: Armies of clever snowflakes finding a way to cut funding to fascists. Simple solution: The snowflakes should become unemployed. Result: No more funds for fascist snowflakes who prefer to riot to shut down speech they don't like! See? Easy-peasy! Strat Re: (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: They're all virtue signaling because that's what their idiotic marketers/officers who graduated from sjw.edu think they must do. All they really need to do is say "we like people who like our products" and leave it at that. The moment they take a position on contentious issues they lose market share because they're going to alienate some group of people who were perhaps buying their stuff. Re: (Score:1) by Mashiki ( 184564 ) writes: Easy reason to understand in that, it's because we've got an entire generation of kids that have been indoctrinated into the belief that everything has to be political. And everything is sexist/racist/homophobic, and if you don't believe what they believe you're also a nazi. Re: (Score:2) by AHuxley ( 892839 ) writes: Old media likes to pull ads back from social media. Social media wants to use SJW cover to transform into traditional media online with having a ban/report policy. The SJW "users" are making the sites safe for TV like media, series, movies globally. Re: (Score:1) by wateringcan ( 4902789 ) writes: We get it; you use adblock. What videos exactly? (Score:5, Insightful) by elrous0 ( 869638 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @12:50AM (#54111177) I've yet to see a single link to one of these "hate videos" that supposedly has these companies so pissed. While I've no doubt that there are hateful videos on Youtube (there are pretty much ALL KINDS of video on Youtube), are they actually citing specific videos here, or just reacting to vague reports that that OMG! there may be some assholes on Youtube (clutch the pearls!!)? Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:What videos exactly? (Score:5, Insightful) by wvmarle ( 1070040 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @01:00AM (#54111205) Or an excuse to pull out of a failing venture? The few online ads that make it through to me are usually totally irrelevant - except those that come with Google's search results as those are based on my location and current interest, i.e. what I happen to search for. The rest is mostly adblocked to begin with. Also I have seen relevant ads on other sites - where the site itself sold the ads, to advertisers directly related to the topic at hand (a recycling site posting banner ads of recycling companies).Those were not adblocked, in part for not being part of an ad network so they fell off the radar. Not intrusive and relevant ads, that's totally fine with me. So it sounds like Internet advertising has to go back to basics. Sites themselves selling ads to advertisers instead of pulling in random ads. Advertisers themselves looking for relevant places to show their ads, instead of having their ads plastered over random sites. At the same time those failing ad networks can stop their invasive tracking and profiling, as it's quite obvious that doesn't work either. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Interesting) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: The few online ads that make it through to me are usually totally irrelevant So, slightly better than most other forms of advertising then... Like TV and billboards which are usually totally irrelevant. Also remember that AdBlock makes the tracking/profiling less effective so you are probably not getting typical results. People without ad blocking find ads creepily following them around the web and stuff like that. All they really care about is that their ads don't appear next to overtly racist content, stuff that uses the n-word and is thus easy for journalists to find. Re:What videos exactly? (Score:4, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @01:06AM (#54111217) For starters, here's an entire channel called Dindu Nuffins [youtube.com] with nothing but racist videos. There are video series like Chimpout! episode 2 [youtube.com] (and 1, 3, 4, etc.) which encourage such insightful dialogue as: "IF ANY MARSHAL WANTS TO COME DIE FOR A JEW, THEN COMEOVER AND TELL ME TO GO TO YOUR COURT OR SOMETHING EQUALLY AS STUPID. I HAVE HAD ENOUGH AND WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN THIS RHESUS MONKEY BLOOD RITUAL. THE NEGRO GRAVEN IMAGE AND THE ALBINO JEW GRAVEN IMAGE NEGRO CAN TAKE THEIR BLOOD DRINKING ELSE WHERRE." There are thousands of apparent one-off videos like You stupid fucking n-ggers! [youtube.com] Hatred is all over YouTube, just as it's all over the internet in general. I imagine the advertisers are responding to the phenomenon at large, and not to specific videos or artists, otherwise they could just request to have their ads pulled from those specific channels. (I have no idea whether or not there were ever ads running on the links above, I don't see YouTube ads thanks to uBlock.) Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Mashiki ( 184564 ) writes: Guess that's why they're also demonetizing anti-racism videos too right? Their definition of "not advertiser friendly" seems to be: "We're gonna jam our face into the politics of the day, because someone here feels uncomfortable with the subject matter." Re: (Score:2) by ArmoredDragon ( 3450605 ) writes: There are thousands of apparent one-off videos like You stupid fucking n-ggers! [youtube.com] I don't think that particular one is a good example of being "hate" (where hate means racism.) Sure, it treads on thin ice, and probably isn't something you'd want to place any ads on, but it sits more on the side of discourse. I suppose you could call it uncivil discourse. And then there's this guy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?... [youtube.com] Re:What videos exactly? (Score:5, Insightful) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: <<mojo> <at> <world3.net>> on Sunday March 26, 2017 @05:48AM (#54111735) Homepage The advertisers don't want to police it themselves, checking individual channels for suitability. They want it to be like TV, where they say "we want X minutes/day, and only during family-friendly programming" and the network does the rest. That's kind of the whole point about how YouTube advertising works - Google has massive analytics and targeting capability which obviously they don't want to share with anyone, so you just get to select your parameters and they do the rest. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:What videos exactly? (Score:4, Insightful) by Dutch Gun ( 899105 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @01:20AM (#54111243) Perhaps also an effort to encourage Google to come back and offer these advertisers some discounted rates? It's unlikely that these advertisers will stay away for long. But why not pull out of a deal temporarily and see if things look more favorable for the next contract? I don't think there's a lot of love for the dominant position Google has in internet advertising, so of course other companies will take any opportunity they can get to stick it too them just a bit. This just seems like an excuse to do that. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by mysidia ( 191772 ) writes: Perhaps also an effort to encourage Google to come back and offer these advertisers some discounted rates? Chances are Google won't need to. I would bet that other companies will continue to buy those ad slots, regardless of what Walmart may do, now it may be true that the winning bids for those ads will be lower as a result of less competition from Walmart, etc, But this is all at Walmart's loss. Re: (Score:2) by Dutch Gun ( 899105 ) writes: Hmm, not sure I agree. Walmart is a retail store, and won't really care whether they're advertising on YouTube or not. There are plenty of other advertisement avenues for them. However, Google's billions are made almost *entirely* from online advertising. I'm not saying they'll necessarily take a significant hit from this, but you can bet that this is *much* more concerning to them, as it's affecting the reputation of their most important service, financially speaking. I'd bet we'll see some sort of proa Re: (Score:2) by fuzzyfuzzyfungus ( 1223518 ) writes: People rarely have a lot of love for the party in the position to charge them more; but the fact that a 'search company' apparently can't make any useful promises regarding where your ads will end up is probably not helping their position on this one. Even in situations where everything is pretty banal; advertisers generally want some targeting of the impressions they are paying for to the audience they are trying to reach. If Google can't demonstrate an ability to avoid certain contexts on request, why w Re:What videos exactly? (Score:4, Interesting) by stephanruby ( 542433 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @01:56AM (#54111311) The first article cites these examples Ads for Coca-Cola, Starbucks, Toyota, Dish Network, Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s Geico unit and Google's own YouTube Red subscription service appeared on racist videos with the slur "n-----" in the title as of Thursday night. Those ads ran before two videos that dub a racist song over videos of former first lady Michelle Obama or Chicago rapper Chief Keef. The videos, posted by the same account, have been viewed more than 425,000 times and 260,000 times, respectively. Another video titled "Black people in their natural habitat," with a racial slur in the description, played monkey noises over footage of black men in prison and images of black civil-rights leaders Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. Google showed ads for Amazon, Microsoft and GM's Chevrolet unit before or during that video. If it is really true that uploaders have used the "n" word and other racial slurs either in the video title or in the video description, then Google could easily prevent ads from playing over those videos. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:1) by Orgasmatron ( 8103 ) writes: Which will block half of all rap videos, and the very few chimp videos that use the outdated slur "nagger" instead of the hip new term, "google" [ageofshitlords.com]. (Stupid slashdot post filter.) Re:What videos exactly? (Score:4, Insightful) by fuzzyfuzzyfungus ( 1223518 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @02:16AM (#54111345) Journal It's almost like Google has a search problem on their hands. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by ogdenk ( 712300 ) writes: Do you have a vested interested in traditional media conglomerates? If they get the eyeballs, why shouldn't they get their share of the revenue? Funding these people keeps them producing videos which gets them millions of eyeballs which gets advertisers business. Re: (Score:2) by freeze128 ( 544774 ) writes: Advertisers should object to sponsoring STUPID videos, not just hateful ones. They have the ability to empower thoughtful, informative, educational, and enriching videos, yet they actually choose to sponsor some of the DUMBEST POSTERS on YouTube. Don't make millionaires out of idiots who post "React" videos. Make the world better by sponsoring TED videos. Re: (Score:2) by tinkerton ( 199273 ) writes: Youtube is just adapting to make what they publish generally more suitable for ads. The relevant model here seems to be Edward Herman's 'Propaganda Model' , which is generally considered to be about news and claims that news media are mainly following business logic: they adapt to get along with their advertizers, with government sources, with powerful players that could harm them. The result is that media are very compliant with the dominant powers and that journalists are selected for how well they fit int Re: (Score:1) by inking ( 2869053 ) writes: Since it's the WSJ reporting it, they probably mean PewDiePie. Re: (Score:2) by l0n3s0m3phr34k ( 2613107 ) writes: Right? YouTube seems to always only (for me anyway) play the exact same ad over and over, or a small group of ads. I'm assuming these companies get some type of "report" from Youtube with a list of what videos their ads are playing next to, or else how would they even know? 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:1) by mtempsch ( 524313 ) writes: I notice progressives use this argument only when such a move supports their goals/viewpoints. More cherry picking hypocrisy from the left. And the right is quite happy to have companies discriminate against groups they don't approve of - now shoe, meet other foot... I'd say there's enough hypocrisy for a generous serving to all sides. This is how censorship works in America. (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Because of that pesky first amendment, the actual government can't create Ministries of Truth to arbitrate reality like some European countries are trying to do [nytimes.com] (not to mention that the people everyone wants to censor currently control all branches of government). Luckily though, the wonders of unchecked free market capitalism have created an environment where the most notorious thoughcriminals rely on advertising revenue to survive financially, and two private companies with no legal responsibilities towa Hire Actual Human Reviewers Maybe? (Score:2) by Marlin Schwanke ( 3574769 ) writes: So, though it is antithetical ti Google's business model, they could actually hire human reviewers. I am not suggesting they censor content, just accurately categorize it so advertisers and viewers could avoid the crap they don't want to support or view. Before you say it, it could be done. It might take 20,000 employees or so but it could be done. Re: (Score:2) by 93 Escort Wagon ( 326346 ) writes: So, though it is antithetical ti Google's business model, they could actually hire human reviewers. If that becomes the case, I'm sure Google will be in front of congress again - pleading for more H1-Bs. Re: (Score:2) by eWarz ( 610883 ) writes: #freedomofspeech. Re:Hire Actual Human Reviewers Maybe? (Score:4, Interesting) by GNious ( 953874 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @02:37AM (#54111383) Seem to recall articles here on /. about Google's reviewers having to look at so much shit, they basically broke down mentally within a year - ignoring the human costs, that's a very large turn-over if you need to hire and train 20.000 new people yearly. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Seem to recall articles here on /. about Google's reviewers having to look at so much shit, they basically broke down mentally within a year There must be a subset of the 4chan-esque crowd which will do the job they are paid to do faithfully in spite of being shitlords. Hire them, their eyeballs can withstand anything. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Let them all leave... (Score:2) by eWarz ( 610883 ) writes: It just lowers my bid. Amazing how well competition works. It's "too hard to fix" (Score:2) by 93 Escort Wagon ( 326346 ) writes: Until it starts costing them money, at least. Once that starts happening, then I'm sure Google will suddenly start finding ways to keep advertisers' ads off of certain videos / channels. Facebook did more or less the same thing, as I recall. A fix is always unfeasible until not having that fix starts costing them dollars... Re: (Score:1) by lewistown ( 4844129 ) writes: Google already does this through demonetization, and those systems are being constantly improved upon. It's is a tough problem though, lots of content may disappear if creators can't get an income for the videos they produce, and that could lead to knock-on effects where even unaffected users and creators decide to leave the platform. Why do they not match ads to intended audience? (Score:2) by grahammm ( 9083 ) writes: Goog;le already know a lot about the people viewing videos, and presumably each advertiser has a desired demographic for the ad. So why do Google not match the two? Put adverts against the videos which are being viewed by the particular target audience of the advert. This should satisfy both the advertiser, whose ads are being seen by the target demographic, and viewers who will be seeing a greater proportion of relevant ads. Re: (Score:2) by yes-but-no ( 4133651 ) writes: Likely the algorithms are already doing this. Just that you don't want to know the Truth that someone liking your product also likes that hateful thing. So you (as advertiser/big-corp) want to disassociate yourself from that hateful stuff -- it's just hypocrisy. Good! Now they know how it feels!!!! (Score:5, Interesting) by Leslie43 ( 1592315 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @03:16AM (#54111447) I run several chat forums and every now and then Google changes the rules, one week something is fine, the next it isn't and you're responsible to scrub all that no longer complies. Last time they did this, there was 23 million posts across several chat forums to review or risk losing my Adsense account, to which there is little recourse. I hope it hurts, I hope it really hurts! Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by dwywit ( 1109409 ) writes: Perhaps they should apologise to Drew Curtis (www.fark.com) and send him the advertising revenue they withheld for "inappropriate content". http://www.fark.com/comments/b... [fark.com] Yes ! I am using Adblock (Score:1) by Nguyễn Hiển ( 4912227 ) writes: Becase of using adblock, Youtube is great ! Care to buy ad time on a platform based on random (Score:5, Insightful) by _Shorty-dammit ( 555739 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @03:32AM (#54111475) YT: Care to buy ad time on a platform based on random people uploading videos based on whatever randomness they're into? Companies: Yes! YT: OK, thanks! Companies: Hey! How come these random videos we're advertising over contain all manner of random stuff?! YT: Um, duh? Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: Duh is not the right reaction when dealing with a company that specialises itself in automated analytics and TARGETED advertising. Re: Care to buy ad time on a platform based on ran (Score:1) by Zero__Kelvin ( 151819 ) writes: They Target the audience successfully, unless your claim is that racists don't like Wal Mart. The complaint is that those companies don't like some of their potential and actual customers, not that their ads are wasted on them. Hate videos == PewDiePie (Score:3, Insightful) by blind biker ( 1066130 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @04:26AM (#54111567) Journal What is ridiculous is that these holier than thou multinationals call PewDiePie videos "hate videos". Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by bill_mcgonigle ( 4333 ) * writes: "I'm boycotting Amazon because Pewdiepie pointed at something!" Said two people ever. Battlestar Galactica Quote (Score:3) by tinkerton ( 199273 ) writes: on Sunday March 26, 2017 @04:27AM (#54111569) Someone on here once pointed out a relevant quote from Commander William Adama: . There's a reason you separate military and the police. One fights the enemies of the state, the other serves and protects the people. When the military becomes both, then the enemies of the state tend to become the people. I think this is the place where diplomats warn that 'there is a risk of us moving in that direction' when they mean to describe the current situation. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by tinkerton ( 199273 ) writes: Woops, that belongs in the terrifying anti riot vehicle thread. Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Someone on here once pointed out a relevant quote from Commander William Adama: When you quote fictional characters (especially from television) as if they said something relevant, you out yourself both as having cheeto dust on your sweatpants and as not actually reading books. Here's a better quote which you can use to make yourself appear erudite, which I found with google which shows just how easy this shit is: Beneath a free government there is nothing but the intelligence of the people to keep the people's peace. Order must be preserved, not by a military police or regiments of hor Re: (Score:2) by tinkerton ( 199273 ) writes: My quote emphasizes the need for distinguishing between police and army. Your quote doesn't. My quote is directly relevant for the subject of militarization of the police. There's this dilemma where either someone appears smart by saying something that sounds clever, or make a simple and clear statement but not be taken seriously. I tried to make this as mundane and clear as possible. And I like the quote. Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: My quote emphasizes the need for distinguishing between police and army. Your quote fails to recognize that it doesn't matter who's policing you if their goal is not to do the will of the people, because the people have thrown up their hands and said fuck it and given up even trying to keep them in check. The police behave just like the military, except with shittier muzzle and trigger discipline. Hit Job on Google? (Score:2, Interesting) by mentil ( 1748130 ) writes: Just over a month ago, the WSJ did a hitjob on Pewdiepie, one of Youtube's most-subscribed personalities, causing his ad funding and Youtube Red channel to get cancelled. Now, a Times of London investigation decided now is the time to publish an article pointing out something that must've been the case for many years that noone bothered making a stink about before: there's little to no vetting of whoever wants to attach ads to their videos. I have to wonder if this is the MSM doing a focused attack on New M Re: (Score:3) by mentil ( 1748130 ) writes: According to Wikipedia, The Times AND Wall Street Journal are both owned by News Corp. Coincidence they both did Youtube hit pieces in a short timeframe? Is Rupert Murdoch above such things? Re: (Score:3) by IamTheRealMike ( 537420 ) writes: No, News Corp has been doing this for years. The reason is Murdoch thinks Google and Google News specifically is killing the news industry, and that the iPad will save it (or at least he thought that a few years ago). It's pure inter-corporate warfare being played out through manipulation of public opinion. The WSJ in particular are experts at it. Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Just over a month ago, the WSJ did a hitjob on Pewdiepie, one of Youtube's most-subscribed personalities, causing his ad funding and Youtube Red channel to get cancelled. Just over a month ago, PewDiePie did something stupid that could easily convince a moron that he is an anti-semite. Because it was so stupid, and he made no attempt to actually be clever and was instead only incendiary as per usual, he lost his ad funding and youtube red channel, and will have to find his own soapbox. If he had anything worth saying, he would have been able to find someone else to pick him up, but he doesn't so he didn't. That's the whole story. Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: Or maybe it's just that Pewdiepie's gimmick is making really "edgey" videos that are not what these companies want to advertise on, and they are upset about it. Nay, conspiracy theory makes more sense. Hurt Google in the wallet. (Score:2) by suss ( 158993 ) writes: This is where you hurt Google, in the wallet, because reporting hate videos does nothing, as long as they get views (and ad revenue). Was nice while it lasted (Score:2) by AndyKron ( 937105 ) writes: The corporate overlords are finally squashing YouTube. Didn't take long. This is You Tube's Fault (Score:1) by cpbright ( 4681855 ) writes: This is You Tube's fault. When an advertiser comes to them they should ask "what do you want your advertising to be applied to?" instead You Tube gets greedy and shows the advertising on everything under the sun and then blame the You Tube videos and then top it off by calling obviously non hateful videos hateful and screwing them. How bad of a business model is that! Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Only APPROVED HATE is allowed. But of course -- the extreme right loves to point out how private business should be allowed to freely discriminate as long as it's directed at groups they don't like. But when a company don't want to be associated with THEM, well, then they scream consorship 10 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1368 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 1058 commentsTwitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules 982 commentsAsk Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? 978 commentsTwitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts 917 commentsFormer Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation next Terrifying Anti-Riot Vehicle Created To Quash Any Urban Disturbance 93 comments previous SAS Mocked For Recommending 60% Proprietary Software, 40% Open Source 110 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 150 loaded Submit Story If you are good, you will be assigned all the work. If you are real good, you will get out of it. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Obituaries Sections Home Local News Sports NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Obituaries Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Deaths Home Death Notices Obituaries Submissions In Memoriam Helpful Links E. Webster Dann, retired educator, coach, local history enthusiast By Staff Published Sat, Mar 25, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL May 1, 1929 – March 21, 2017 E. Webster Dann, a retired educator, coach and local historian, died Tuesday in Mercy Hospital after a short illness. He was 87. Born in Buffalo, he graduated from Nichols School and Lehigh University, where he played varsity hockey. Mr. Dann worked for Procter & Gamble in Cincinnati, Ohio, before being drafted into the Army and served two years at First Infantry Division Headquarters, Germany. After the Army, he taught seventh- and eighth-grade math at Governor Dummer Academy, now known as the Governors Academy, in Byfield, Mass. He was a longtime friend of Boston Bruins star Bobby Orr and the two maintained this relationship via correspondence after Mr. Dann returned to Buffalo. Mr. Dann taught at the the Park and Nichols schools, and coached hockey and soccer for 30 years. He also was active in youth hockey, coaching and sponsoring the Tonawanda Lightning for many years. He maintained friendships with a great many of his former students and players, stretching back to the beginning of his teaching career. Mr. Dann enjoyed collecting Buffalo memorabilia, especially from the era of the Pan-American Exposition. He was a passionate coin collector and also enjoyed solving mathematical puzzles. Mr. Dann also was committed to preserving Native American History and was a charter member of the Native American Museum in Washington. For the last seven years, he sponsored and corresponded with a Navajo teenager, on the Navajo Reservation outside of Albuquerque, N.M. Survivors include several nieces and nephews. Services are private. A celebration of life will be announced at a later date. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
Magazines CURRENT ISSUE COVER STORY NATIONAL INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS FEATURES Book Reviews Cover Stories Documents Essays Extracts Interviews Opinions Portraits Profiles REGULARS LEADER LETTERS PAR AVION SEVEN DAYS DEEP THROAT BIZTRO TRACK 2 EAT, PRAY, LIVE THE SKED THE REVIEWS TRENDING DIARY SPORTS BOOKS BACK ISSUES Archives Subscription Welcome Guest Login Login | Register Current Issue National International Business Most Read Features Book reviews Cover Stories Documents Essays Interviews Opinions Portraits Profiles Regulars Leader Letters Par Avion Seven Days Deep Throat Biztro Track 2 Eat, Pray, Live The Sked The Reviews Trending Diary Sports Books Back Issues Follow       Subscribe The Magazine NATIONAL INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORT ART & ENTERTAINMENT BOOKS & CULTURE SOCIETY ﻿ 03 April 2017 Business Brilliant Adi Godrej, Godrej The consumer business has focus on three segments—homecare, haircare and personal care—across Asia, Africa and Latin America. Ajay Sukumaran ON Adi Godrej Photograph by Soumik Kar Mail Print Share A A A increase text size The business in 25 years has grown 35 times to Rs 9,000 crore *** First, a quick recap of a 120-year-old business group: the Godrej’s made the world’s first soap from vegetable oil (branded Chavi) in 1918. It produced its first almirah in 1923; next, ballot boxes for Independent India’s debut elections in 1951; then, the country’s pioneering locally-made typewriter in 1955 and refrigerators in 1958. By 1991, when the Indian economy opened up, Godrej Consumer Products was earning Rs 262 crore from selling soaps. In the 25 years thence, Adi Godrej told shareholders some months ago, the business has grown 35 times to close to Rs 9,000 crore and nearly half of those revenues came from overseas. Liberalisation, it turned out, was a key milestone in the group’s history. As Godrej, 74, once recounted, “Lots of Indian businesses were worried international business would swamp them. But we made a significant strategic change thereafter.” In the years that followed, Godrej took a few of his companies public and got into JVs with global firms like GE and Procter & Gamble. These JVs weren’t to last long but, as Godrej put it, they did bring benefits. Then, some acquisitions (think Good Knight mosquito mats or Hit repellents) and it ventured into real estate and agri-business. Currently, the entire group’s revenue is over $4.1 billion. As the story goes, when a 21-year-old Adi returned from MIT’s Sloan School of Management in the early 1960s, he was the Godrej group’s first MBA. He helped turn around the soap business—it made a profit in the year he joined. Today, the consumer business follows a 3x3 approach, focussing on three segments—homecare, haircare, personal care—across three continents, namely Asia, Africa and Latin America. “Adi Godrej’s achievement lies in the fact that he is as contemporary as the moment is,” says brand expert Harish Bijoor. “Companies or groups that are old have a tendency to get jaded over time. Adi Godrej has actu­ally been the right reverse. He has believed in re-invention.” Continue FREE with Ads Pay Rs. 1 to Read Without Ads READ MORE IN: Ajay Sukumaran Business Profiles Next Story : Mukesh Ambani, Reliance Industries Download the Outlook ​Magazines App. Six magazines, wherever you go! Play Store and App Store Related Extraordinary Dr Verghese Kurien (1921-2012) Amul The astonishingly ­effective movement Kurien led changed the lives of millions of dairy farmers and took India from a milk-deficient nation to one of the world’s largest ­producers of milk. Arindam Mukherjee Extraordinary Dilip Shanghvi, Sun Pharma It was a self-devised ­management style and strategic acquisitions that helped Shanghvi get to the top of the pharma business. Arushi Bedi Extraordinary M.S. Oberoi (1898-2002) Oberoi Hotels A man who came from a small village in Rawalpindi, he started his career in Shimla as a front desk clerk at Cecil Hotel for Rs 50 per month. Arushi Bedi More From Ajay Sukumaran Great Mallika Srinivasan, TAFE Mallika joined TAFE in 1986 as general manager with a clear vision taking her heirloom to new heights. The Eicher ­acquisition did that for her. Great Dr Parvinder Singh (1943-1999) Ranbaxy Parvinder didn’t induct his sons to the company’s board, instead named senior executive D.S. Brar as Ranbaxy’s CEO. Great Y.K. Hamied, Cipla Hamied played a key role in forming the Indian Drug Manufacturers Association and successfully lobbied for patent law changes in the country. Post a Comment You are not logged in, please Log in or Register THE LATEST ISSUE CLICK IMAGE FOR CONTENTS ALSO IN THIS STORY Extraordinary Dr Verghese Kurien (1921-2012) Amul The astonishingly ­effective movement Kurien led changed the lives of millions of dairy farmers and took India from a milk-deficient nation to one of the world’s largest ­producers of milk. Extraordinary Dilip Shanghvi, Sun Pharma It was a self-devised ­management style and strategic acquisitions that helped Shanghvi get to the top of the pharma business. Extraordinary M.S. Oberoi (1898-2002) Oberoi Hotels A man who came from a small village in Rawalpindi, he started his career in Shimla as a front desk clerk at Cecil Hotel for Rs 50 per month. Extraordinary E. Sreedharan, Delhi Metro “Whenever there’s a problem, he focuses on the target—‘like Arjuna’. It doesn’t ­matter who he has to crush on the way, even politicians,” says his biographer Rajendra B. Aklekar. Extraordinary Samir Jain, The Times Group In the 1990s, Samir Jain brought in his corporatised ­approach with an ­unabashedly growth and ­profit orientation, defining media as a ­consumer product. Extraordinary Dr K. Kasturirangan, ISRO “He had the wisdom and managerial skills to convince the government to invest in rockets,” says K. Raghavan, chief architect of ­satellite systems. Extraordinary Ratan Naval Tata, Tata sons A bachelor known for his low-profile lifestyle, Ratan Tata’s coup against his successor last year showed he’s still the boss. Extraordinary Aditya Birla (1943-1995) & Kumar Mangalam Birla, Birla Group Aditya seeded the idea of a varied resume, having expanded to SE Asia and N. Africa, when few Indian firms had the ability or vision to do so. Extraordinary Deepak Parekh, HDFC “Parekh made us believe that even a single product ­company can be phenomenally ­successful,” says ­biz-analyst Tamal Bandyopadhyay. Extraordinary K.V. Kamath, ICICI Banking wasn’t his first choice in profession. Kamath had studied to be an engineer to join his family ­business of tile manufacturing. Extraordinary Aditya Puri, HDFC Bank Puri joined HDFC Bank as a founding member and an MD in 1994. He has taken it to being the third most valuable company on the stock exchange. Extraordinary Dhirubhai Ambani (1932-2002) Reliance “The whole DNA of his business was not only to ­innovate for survival but also to innovate to change the rules of the business game­,” says Pritam Singh, former director, IIM Lucknow. Extraordinary V. Krishnamurthy, SAIL, BHEL, Maruti “He was the high priest of public sector management. He’d turn companies around,” says biz historian Raman Mahadevan. Extraordinary N.R. Narayana Murthy, Infosys “He had this dream of building the best company in the world so everything he did had to be top class,” says ­former colleague T.V. Mohandas Pai. Extraordinary Subramaniam Ramadorai, TCS The scale at which Tata Consultancy Service’s strategy and business model grew under Ramadorai as the CEO since 1996 was unimaginable. Extraordinary Sunil Bharti Mittal, Bharti Enterprises “He had a vision and coming from a ­political family, he also has insight into how policy making works,” says telecom expert Mahesh Uppal. Brilliant J.R.D. Tata (1904-1993) Tata Group JRD started with 14 firms in the Tata Group. When he left in 1988, it had 95, many of which he founded. He was also the progenitor of commercial flights in India. Brilliant Azim H. Premji, Wipro In 2010 and 2013, the Wipro chairman ­donated a total of more than Rs 28,000 crore to Azim Premji Foundation—one of the highest ­philanthropic contributions ever by an Indian. Brilliant Mukesh Ambani, Reliance Industries It’s the thought of the future that drives Mukesh. “Everyone expected me to study textiles. I wanted to pursue chemical engineering, as I thought it was the future,” he has said. Brilliant Nandan Nilekani, UIDAI Nilekani executed the Aadhaar project, an ­attempt to create a biometric database of the entire population of India. It was hailed as the biggest social project on the planet. Brilliant Natarajan Chandrasekaran, Tata Consultancy Services TCS’s growth points to Chandra’s pace and focus on agility. His management style, he said once, is a fusion of a ‘high and soft’ touches. Brilliant R.H. Patil (1937-2012) NSE A firm believer in ­automation and paperless trading, Patil linked trading terminals across India using V-SAT technology. Brilliant Ela Bhatt, SEWA SEWA, which was initially registered as a trade union in 1972, became a confluence of three movements: labour, cooperative and women’s. Brilliant Subhash Chandra, Zee Network In The Z Factor, his autobiography, Chandra barely couches his belief that business isn’t a straight path and requires one to do all it takes. Brilliant Brijmohan Lall Munjal (1923-2015) & Pawan Kant Munjal Hero Group The joint ­venture with Honda overtook Bajaj Auto to ­become India’s biggest ­two-wheeler manufacturer. Brilliant Xerxes Desai (1937-2016) Titan Desai gave India its first quartz watches, a respite from watches that had to be set up and wound every day. J.R.D. Tata instantly liked the idea of launching a watch brand. Brilliant Anand Mahindra, Mahindra Group Under Anand Mahindra, the group grew inorganically through acquisitions like Reva Electric Car, Satyam Computer Services and Peugeot motorcycles. Brilliant Onkar Singh Kanwar, Apollo Tyres Onkar built on his father’s ­beginnings and established himself as a global tyre tycoon. Brilliant Rahul Bajaj, Bajaj Group The group ranks among India’s top ten, with footmarks beyond auto: home appliances, travel, insurance, financial services­ and iron and steel. Brilliant Uday Kotak, Kotak Group Executives raise a toast to technologies that trim the wage bill, such as robots. Kotak clearly doesn’t believe in ruthless automation. Brilliant Rahul Bhatia, Indigo Bhatia’s low-cost airline is now the biggest in India. The flights are 15% more fuel-efficient, ply in routes that burn less fuel. Even the speed is moderated. Brilliant Yogesh Chander Deveshwar, ITC To Y.C. Deveshwar can go the credit of pulling ITC out of its status as a pure cigarette major and ­diversifying it. Brilliant Prathap Reddy, Apollo Hospitals The idea to set up a hospital chain simmered within Dr Reddy on returning to India after a successful career in the US. He sensed the potential of good private healthcare. Brilliant A.M. Naik, Larsen & Toubro Ltd Naik’s plucky support for indigenisation helped L&T become a major supplier of missiles and weapon systems. Brilliant R.C. Bhargava, Maruti Suzuki Under Bhargava, Maruti became India’s No. 1 ­automobile ­firm and a ­precious ­profit-making ­engine for its parent Suzuki. Great Shiv Nadar, HCL Eight young men quit DCM in 1976 to create HCL in a Delhi barsati, “akin to a garage startup”.... It went on to revolutionise Indian technology. Great Kishore Biyani, Future Group It was the booming middle class that helped Biyani’s growth from Pantaloon Great Romesh Sobti, Indusind Bank Sobti’s success is due to clear strategy and innovative execution. He has also used technology to create various banking products. Great Ramesh Chauhan, Parle Group Chauhan believes that executing a project is more than just getting the job done.... He has a way of making brands a part of consumers’ lives. Great B.N. Kalyani, Bharat Forge Kalyani’s stamp is on every second truck in N. America and virtually every car in Europe—BMW, Toyota, Audi, Mercedes...all rely on his components. Great Karsanbhai Patel, Nirma Nirma surged past Hindustan Unilever and, for the better part of the 1980s, stayed ahead, courtesy Patel’s brilliance and business instincts. Great Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, Biocon Mazumdar Shaw struggled to raise capital not just because she was a woman, but because of her ambitions in a globally competitive and advanced field. Great Sanjeev Bikhchandani, Naukri.com Quitting a corporate job, Bikhchandani started Info Edge and Indmark, ­working out of a servant’s ­quarter for which he paid his dad Rs 800. Great K. Anji Reddy (1939-2013) & G.V. Prasad, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories If the late founder Dr Reddy was a ­risk-taker, CEO Prasad is credited with pushing the boundaries, ­making DRL a global player. Great Harsh Mariwala, Marico Innovation is one thing that’s constant with a diversifying Marico, helping it break new ground even as it competes neck-and-neck with Hindustan Lever. Great Qimat Rai Gupta (1937-2014) Havells Long before ‘Make in India’ was a slogan, Qimat Rai Gupta was born in a be-Indian-buy-Indian family! Great Y.K. Hamied, Cipla Hamied played a key role in forming the Indian Drug Manufacturers Association and successfully lobbied for patent law changes in the country. Great Dr Parvinder Singh (1943-1999) Ranbaxy Parvinder didn’t induct his sons to the company’s board, instead named senior executive D.S. Brar as Ranbaxy’s CEO. Great Mallika Srinivasan, TAFE Mallika joined TAFE in 1986 as general manager with a clear vision taking her heirloom to new heights. The Eicher ­acquisition did that for her. PHOTO NEWS BLOGS LATEST Thousands March in London Against Brexit Kerala Man Racially Abused In Australia EC Wants To Cap Anonymous Cash Donations EVM Tampering: AAP Writes to EC more>> Wonderful, Precise And Very Cool: How Do Our Money Up-Chucking Machines Work? "I'm Only Passing Through" 10 Leonard Cohen Songs That You Must Listen To Blackout For NDTV Stirs The Media Daily Curator: The Dominion Of Misunderstood Men Over Headlines Daily Curator: Of Holes Being Poked Into The Bhopal Encounter And The Origins Of Chyawanprash Watch: Viral Video Has Man Lighting Up A Line Of Crackers Attached To His Mouth more>> Was Asked To Not Speak To The Media Till Wednesday, Says Shiv Sena's Gaikwad 'Jatayu Was The First To Fight Against Terrorism,' Says PM Modi Yogi Adityanath Credits PM Modi, Amit Shah For Landmark Victory In Uttar Pradesh Indian Man From Kerala Racially Abused And Assaulted By Teenagers In Australia Rajiv Gandhi Was The Only Good Human Being In Nehru-Gandhi Family, Says Subramanian Swamy Uttar Pradesh CM Adityanath Asks BJP Functionaries To Shun Contractual Work more>> MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED A Yogi For New India Dr Verghese Kurien (1921-2012) Amul Samir Jain, The Times Group Deep Throat more>>> The Worshipful Leader Thevar Vs Thevar Seeing Is A Deadly Sin Plots Of Gold In Chowringhee more>>> Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISING RATES COPYRIGHT & DISCLAIMER COMMENTS POLICY OSM Awards Newsscroll OUTLOOK TOPICS : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 or just type initial letters main stories CURRENT ISSUE COVER STORY NATIONAL INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS BOOK REVIEWS DOCUMENTS ESSAYS EXTRACTS INTERVIEWS OPINIONS PORTRAITS PROFILES Money INVEST SPEND SAVE EARN INSURE ASK Business THE BIG STORY SPECIALS PERSPECTIVE PIXSTORY ENTERPRISE STRATEGY MARKETS C'EST LA VIE Traveller TRAVELOGUES WEEKEND BREAKS HOLIDAYS WITH OT PHOTO FEATURES HOTELS Social Media FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE RSS
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 7 RAIN TOKYO (12 a.m.) Markets 111.35 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) Life Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Tempura Tenshige and its staff in Kinshicho, Tokyo. Travel | BACKSTREET STORIES More than fare trade: backstreet by taxi by Kit Nagamura Special To The Japan Times Mar 25, 2017 Article history Online: Mar 25, 2017 Last Modified: Mar 25, 2017 PRINT SHARE A combination of rain showers and tax prep in March signal Tokyo’s segue into spring. Cherry blossoms are nearly in bud, but cold, damp days of crunching fiscal figures can put people in dour moods. After wandering a wet backstreet, absorbing little more than precipitation, I throw in the towel and hail a green cab home. The Tokyo Musen taxi driver zips with breathtaking alacrity to the curb to pick me up, and smiles charmingly as I climb in. I set about wiping rain off my cameras with a sigh, when suddenly the driver’s hand appears between the front seats, bearing two little candies in bright yellow wrappers. I hesitate. “Not your usual sweets,” the driver coaxes. “They’re sugar-free, vitamin-packed and taste great.” In Japan, merchants, airlines and cabs sometimes offer baskets of free treats, but personally vetted health-conscious ones? That’s a first. I take one — a lemon-flavored “Nobel VC-3000” — and give it a try as the driver expertly slaloms through traffic. At the first red light, I catch his eyes in the rear-view mirror. “This candy’s not bad,” I say, “but your driving’s superb.” “Actually, I’m No. 1 in Tokyo,” he replies, twisting in his seat to look back at me. “Perhaps even in Japan,” he adds, turning his attention back to the road. Braggadocio or bona fide fact? Either way, Takehiko Kato now has my full attention. “I’m 58 years old, the same age as Tokyo Tower,” he says, “and I’ve only driven a cab for the past two years. I used to run my own company, but the stress gave me a neck hernia, so I changed jobs.” From among the approximately 120,000 corporate cab drivers servicing Tokyo’s 23 wards, including Musashino and Mitaka, I ask Kato how he assesses himself as the top gun. “Well,” he says slowly, “the core point is that I am No. 1 in terms of kindness.” Oh, I think to myself. That’s nice, but hardly quantifiable. “I’m proud to say,” he continues, “it’s because of my kindness that I average 50 customers a day, when most drivers take in 23.” I let out a little lemon-scented whistle because that is an impressive figure. Kato hauls out a personal ledger in which he tracks figures at the end of each day, both his and those of other top drivers. “You can see, there are days when I rank only second or third,” he shrugs, “but 50.4 percent of the time, I have the most riders.” Accordingly, his daily fares average ¥80,900, also about double the norm. “But my primary goal is kindness,” Kato reiterates. “If I focus on making money or being the best, it makes for dangerous and selfish driving.” Just like that, I’ve found a Backstreet Story in a Backseat Story. I arrange to taxi around Tokyo with Kato, King of the Road, as long as my wallet allows. Kato obliges me with effortless banter. As we zoom through the neighborhoods of Ebisu and Hiroo, he sings out various sightseeing spots, because, I learn, he’s also a fully licensed tour guide. A three-hour tour with Kato guiding (in Japanese) runs about ¥15,000, including the cab fare. So I don’t go broke before lunch, Kato parks at a Papa’s Cafe, and stops the meter while we grab almond lattes. Kato has memorized nearly every diner and coffee shop in Tokyo with outdoor terrace space. “You know those little green parking dudes,” he says scowling, referring to the people paid by the city to ticket parking infractions, “they can nab you in less than five minutes.” After our short break, I learn that Kato has a passion for fashion. He’s a natty dresser, with a nice watch and Tom Ford eyeglasses. In fact, he has a collector’s case full of the iconic designer’s eyewear with him, in lenses and frames that range from professorial horn-rims to Gangnam Style sunglasses. I ask Kato if I can grab a photo of him outside of his cab, and he strolls over to a nearby replica of Michelangelo’s David, where he strikes a similar pose. When Kato confides that he has a Catholic name, Bartholomew, and has converted to the faith, his portrait with the biblical hero seems a little less random. As we get set to resume our drive, Kato invites me to take the front seat, to keep his neck from cramping as he twists around to talk to me. Without passengers in the back, won’t that look strange, I ask. Kato shakes his head and laughs. “A little odd, but it happens,” he says. “Chinese customers, for instance, always seem to want to sit in the front, so I try to keep the chair clear of stuff.” Riding shotgun, I learn about Kato’s workday, which begins and ends with a breathalyzer test. He taps the results stapled to his work chart. “Zero alcohol,” he says. Is the test really necessary? He side-eyes me, suggesting I ask myself why there is such a test in the first place. Part of Kato’s success, I discover, comes from savvy compartmentalization of his 20-hour shifts. The morning hours, from 9 a.m. to noon, he fills with reserved rides. “That’s when people absolutely need to get somewhere exactly on time, so I focus on perfect arrival,” he says, tapping his watch. In the ensuing six hours, Kato targets businessmen and shoppers. “You cannot just float around Ginza,” he says, “but you have to study the season as well as the month, day and store sales, know the usual traffic patterns, and be up on the news of special events. “Today, for example, we have the ‘Salman Shock,’ ” he quips, referring to the Saudi Arabian monarch’s tour of Tokyo. “All week, I’ve been routing around streets impacted by his visit.” During the evening hours of his shift, from 6 p.m. until midnight, Kato seeks out businessmen and women eager to get home, and puts in extra effort for the latter. “Everybody knows career women really have it harder than men,” he says, shaking his head. “On top of work, they get saddled with house chores, and if they have children, they’re usually frantic to pick them up from child care on time. I can understand that, and I try to help.” Finally, from midnight to 5 a.m., Kato picks up pleasure seekers who’ve missed the last train. Some are falling down drunk and, on rare occasions, can even become abusive. There’s no real guarantee of safety for cab drivers, even in Tokyo, Kato affirms. “Both men and women have kicked my seat,” he says, but confides that the driver’s area is reinforced with steel to protect against angry boots, or worse. Kato’s emergency measures include a surveillance camera and a discreet flip-switch that turns his taxi’s roof chochin (lantern) into a red distress signal. He also assiduously keeps enough change and spare bills to offer if a life-threatening situation should arise. “I’d trade ¥20,000 for my life, wouldn’t you?” he reasons. As we head toward a lunch spot that Kato favors, across the Sumida River, he convinces me that he’s a natural-born strategist. “The drivers that sit and wait in lines, hoping to hit a big fare?” he says with disdain, “they’re passive, more like gamblers than businessmen.” For his part, Kato leaves nothing to chance. He always carries a wallet of bank-fresh crisp bills for making change. In an amenity box, he stores the highest quality pocket tissues available, wet towels and band-aids. He spritzes the cab’s interior regularly with Febreze deodorizer. “Natural Green Mist is the best-smelling one, and I’ve tried them all,” he says. This reminds Kato of one of his favorite stories. “I picked up four supermodels in Ginza,” he says, grinning at the memory, “and they all piled in and started laughing. I didn’t understand what they found so funny, but here and there I could make out the word ‘Febreze.’ I finally found out that they were the European Proctor & Gamble models for Febreze, from Italy, Spain, France and Germany. They knew the scent well, and were thrilled I was using it.” When we arrive in Sumida Ward’s Kinshicho area, Kato pulls into a parking lot. We stroll past several magnolias in bloom, and duck beneath the noren curtains at Tempura Tenshige. Inside, the place has the seating capacity of about two taxis. We pull up stools at the counter, tidily managed by a sweet elderly couple, and order lunch sets from the basic menu painted on wooden slats and strips of paper. In a copper pot, shop master Shige-san prepares Shitamachi-style tempura — ingredients sizzled in sesame-flavored oil, then dipped in sauce — as I admire the nostalgic aqua-colored ceramic ashtray and toothpick holder, a book of matches bearing a seven-digit phone number and a fat goldfish navigating a glass bowl. Before my tempura arrives, Kato has folded my chopstick wrapper into a little holder for the sticks, and before we have finished the delicious meal, he has paid the bill. How skillfully he trades in acts of kindness, I think, and in the bargain brightens my rainy day. Photos Click to enlarge 7 images available Keywords spring, taxi, kindness Travel Hakone: a paradise for the ‘onsen’ aficionado Luxury serviced residence offers comfort of home Celebrate spring among blossoms Taiwan: Where Japanese go to feel at home on vacation Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Title chase heats up as Kisenosato suffers first loss Mom of daughter slain by ’97 Kobe killer tells him to halt apology letters, seek ‘real atonement’ Abe denies involvement in school land deal as emails shine light on links to wife Views from Osaka: Would you agree that Japanese society is built upon politeness and hospitality? Cherry blossom fever boosts companies’ bottom lines Kyoto University professor does the math and finds that sperm swim to a beat Trump defends unsubstantiated claims, saying he foresaw events and ‘I’m president’ Princess Aiko graduates junior high school Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
