Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Baby Diaper 2017 – Global Market Analysis, Trends and Opportunities Market Report Forecast to 2022 : P&G, Kimberly Clark, Unicharm, SCA, Ontex and more Baby Diaper Market 2017 Report Details: Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Baby Diaper Market -Market Size, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. Global Baby Diaper market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including P&G Kimberly Clark Unicharm SCA Ontex Kao First Quality Hengan Daio Domtar Chiaus DSG Pigeon DaddyBaby Fuburg  Request for Sample report @  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1175994-global-baby-diaper-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Baby Diaper in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India  On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Disposable Baby Diaper Cloth Diapers On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Baby Diaper for each application, including Baby (Less than 7 kg) Baby (7-15 kg) Baby (More than 15 kg) If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.  Key Points in Table of Content: Global Baby Diaper Market Research Report 2017 1 Baby Diaper Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Baby Diaper 1.2 Baby Diaper Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Baby Diaper Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Baby Diaper Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Disposable Baby Diaper 1.2.4 Cloth Diapers 1.3 Global Baby Diaper Segment by Application 1.3.1 Baby Diaper Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Baby (Less than 7 kg) 1.3.3 Baby (7-15 kg) 1.3.4 Baby (More than 15 kg) 1.4 Global Baby Diaper Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Baby Diaper Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Baby Diaper (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Baby Diaper Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Baby Diaper Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ……….. To get complete report visit@   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1175994-global-baby-diaper-market-research-report-2017 7 Global Baby Diaper Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 P&G 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 P&G Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Kimberly Clark 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Kimberly Clark Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Unicharm 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Unicharm Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 SCA 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 SCA Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Ontex 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Ontex Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Kao 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Kao Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 First Quality 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 First Quality Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Hengan 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Hengan Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Daio 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Daio Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Domtar 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Baby Diaper Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Domtar Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Chiaus 7.12 DSG 7.13 Pigeon 7.14 DaddyBaby 7.15 Fuburg Continued…             Buy this report @   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1175994 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT                Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com  Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym    CategoriesUncategorized TagsBaby Care products, Baby Diaper, Baby Diaper Industry, Baby Diaper Industry Trends, Baby Diaper Manufacturers, Baby Diaper Market, Baby Diaper Market growth, Baby Diaper Market Sale, Baby diaper Market Share, Business, Google News, Retail, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Costco Wholesale Corporation Reports Special Cash Dividend of $7.00 Per Share and Increase in Quarterly Cash Dividend Next PostNext Paralyzed Veterans of America Celebrates Virginia Governor’s Mansion for its Accessible Design Accomplishment Search Recent Posts Blue Microphones Turns Up the Volume with NetSuite CFTC Adds 71 Names to Its List of Foreign Entities that Illegally Solicit U.S. Residents to Trade Binary Options and Forex Biorem Announces $3.1 Million in New Orders for the Company’s Air Emissions Control Systems Hib Vaccine Market Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis OTC Markets Group Announces First Quarter Earnings Release and Conference Call Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,996 +232.23 +1.12% Nasdaq 6,025 +41.67 +0.70% S&P 500 2,389 +14.46 +0.61% 3:04 A.M. ET Croda shares rise 4.8% after quarterly results, outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,462.96 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,271.95 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,266.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 386.48 2:30 A.M. ET Tullow Oil backs oil production guidance 2:29 A.M. ET Opinion If the Macron Trade is going to continue, he’s going to have to deliver 2:29 A.M. ET Credit Suisse plans $4 bln share capital increase 2:29 A.M. ET BAT plans to move to quarterly dividends from 2018 2:28 A.M. ET LSE profit jumps; eyes new investments 2:27 A.M. ET Antofagasta copper production rises 9.4% 2:26 A.M. ET Banco Santander profit up 14.3% on Spanish boost 2:24 A.M. ET Peugeot revenue up on higher margin car sales 2:24 A.M. ET Fresnillo on track to reach production guidance 2:23 A.M. ET Wynn Macau 1Q profit up 26% on year 2:22 A.M. ET Australian inflation rises more slowly than seen 2:21 A.M. ET Elliott rejects Arconic offer, extends proxy fight 2:21 A.M. ET América Móvil profit jumps on forex gains 2:19 A.M. ET BHP Billiton cuts coking coal, copper guidance 1:57 A.M. ET KPN earnings rise, will return €200 million Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release McCann Worldgroup Sweeps The 53rd International ANDY Awards with 23 Awards and Best in Show GRANDY for "The Field Trip To Mars" By Published: Apr 25, 2017 1:42 p.m. ET Share Apr 25, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Leo Burnett is Second-Highest Winner with 18 Awards; adam&eveDDB Earns Third Place with Eight Awards; Bravery Award Goes To P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad"; Ten ANDY Award Winners Identified as Predicted Winners for Upcoming Award Season NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 25, 2017) - The ADVERTISING Club of New York's 2017 International ANDY Awards, the first advertising creative award show of the season, has announced this year's winners. McCann Worldgroup swept this year's show, being named Agency Network of the Year with a total of 23 awards, and McCann New York being named Agency of the Year with nine ANDYs and the Best in Show GRANDY Award for "The Field Trip to Mars." Leo Burnett was the show's second largest winner with 18 awards. adam&eveDDB ranked in third place with eight ANDY awards. The Bravery Award, which is annually awarded to a marketer for supporting innovative and courageous work, has been awarded to P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad" campaign. The Richard T. O'Reilly Award for Outstanding Public Service has been awarded to DAVID Buenos Aires for its "MANBOOBS4BOOBS" campaign for MACMA. This year's jury was led by North American Chief Creative Officer of Deutsch, Pete Favat, and made up of 24 of the global advertising community's most respected creative directors from advertising organizations including: Anomaly, Shanghai; Lola MullenLowe, Madrid; Jung von Matt, Hamburg; AlmapBBDO, Sao Paulo; and J. Walter Thompson, India. In addition, representatives from pre and post production agencies like PRETTYBIRD and Framestore, as well as brands like Burger King were represented on the jury. The GRANDY winner "The Field Trip to Mars" was a first-of-its-kind "group VR" experience created by McCann New York for client Lockheed Martin in which the windows of a seemingly ordinary school bus transformed to take riders on a tour of the Martian surface. Cutting-edge technology created a "1:1 relationship" between Earth and Mars. The recipient of this honor is awarded a $50,000 cash prize. View entire list of winners here: https://www.andyawards.com/winners/ On this year's winners, Favat stated, "Our jury set out to award the bravest ideas, which we, as an industry, strive to produce. We are in alignment with Cannes Lions alongside Badger and Winters' Chief Creative Officer Madonna Badger on the need to ban work that reflects gender bias as well as the #womennotobjects initiative. We feel confident that this year's winners respectfully portray both men and women." Gina Grillo, President and CEO of The ADVERTISING Club of New York, and The International ANDY Awards, added, "As the first show of the 2017 award show season, and one with a slightly accelerated eligibility timeline, the ANDYs prides itself on its ability to predict award season favorites. This year, we have identified 10 frontrunners to watch that have not yet been eligible for other major award shows and which, we believe, have a high likelihood of becoming serial award show winners over the coming season." Select predicted winners include: My Mutant Brain, MJZ IKEA: Cook This Page, Leo Burnett, Toronto Midnight, TBWA\ Media Arts Lab The Line Up song, FP7/CAI Come Together, adam&eveDDB The Box That Keeps Giving, McCann New York Time Is Precious, Wieden+Kennedy Portland GRAVITY CAT, Hakuhodo Inc. / TOHOKUSHINSHA FILM CORPORATION Burger King Burning Stores, DAVID The Agency The World's Biggest Asshole, The Martin Agency The Bravery Award goes to P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad." This social movement was led by a poignant film about a dad's self-realization and conversion about roles and responsibilities within the home, and about setting the right examples by helping with laundry. Glenn C. Smith Award goes to Brazilian students for "Sh**ty Candidates. This campaign encouraged residents to collect their dog poop (a city-wide problem) and align it with the sh**tiest political candidates. This award includes a $10,000 scholarship. The Richard T. O'Reilly award recognizes a public service campaign, which urges women to check their breasts to help prevent breast cancer. As female breasts are typically censored on social media due to nudity policies, "MANBOOBS4BOOBS" creatively solved the problem. This award comes with a $10,000 donation to the non-profit organization. In an industry first, The International ANDY Awards, with the help of Corporate Partner Amazon Media Group, is setting out to announce winners and deliver awards globally. In conjunction with this press announcement of the 2017 ANDY Winners, winners will learn if they won gold, silver or bronze ANDYs by delivery in a custom branded Amazon brown box, complete with the ubiquitous smile as well as the ANDYs' logo. The ANDYs global community will feel united in this shared moment of celebration round the ideas that made it not only through the advertising gauntlet, but the show's tough judging process. About The ADVERTISING Club of New York The ADVERTISING Club of New York is a non-profit organization for corporate and individual members in the advertising, media, marketing and ad-tech industries. They provide education and networking opportunities to enhance professional development, expose members to innovation and technology, and provide access to influencers/companies across the entire advertising ecosystem, from agencies to clients. In addition to The Club's #ImPART ground-breaking diversity programs, they also oversee The International ANDY awards. Contact: Kathleen Ruane DiGennaro Communications Phone: (212) 475-6301 Email: Kathleen.Ruane@digennaro-usa.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Is the free food offer at Walt Disney World really worth it? Everyone loves these stocks — that’s why you should avoid them Costco to pay special dividend of $7, increases quarterly dividend by 5 cents Intel earnings: While waiting for Mobileye, an eye on competition Amateur Sailors Can Now Fly on Water Like America's Cup Skippers MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL CAT Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Chipotle Beats Earnings, Stumbles on System Breach >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Earnings MUST Show Some Growth Investors are ignoring history and embracing the reputation of PG stock as a "safe" play. By Vince Martin, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Apr 25, 2017, 9:27 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Won’t Buy Walt Disney Co (DIS) – But It Will Do This 10 Stocks That Won’t Exist in a Decade The 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy for $10 or Less Recent Posts: The 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy for $10 or Less General Electric Company (GE) Stock Has Lost Investors’ Trust Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Earnings MUST Show Some Growth View All Posts It’s getting near time for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) to put up or shut up. P&G has spent years creating a smaller, more nimble company, divesting its beauty brands to Coty Inc (NYSE:COTY), taking some $10 billion in costs out of the business, shutting down low-margin products overseas, and re-organizing itself into 10 categories. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) The idea was that a smaller, more-focused Procter & Gamble could better drive organic growth. Yet so far it’s done little: PG stock has underperformed the S&P 500 over one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods, even including dividends. And there really is little left for the company to do to move the needle for PG stock going forward. As an analyst asked on management’s earnings call in November: “where do we go from here?” Procter & Gamble needs to start answering that question for shares to catch up with the rest of the market. I remain skeptical that P&G has an answer investors will want to hear. Organic Growth The long-running problem for Procter & Gamble has been that sales growth has slowed to just 1% in both fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016. Compare that with organic revenue that increased an average 5.5% a year between 2005 and 2008. It’s not surprise that lower revenue growth has hit margins. P&G hasn’t been able to leverage fixed costs, even with a hugely aggressive cost-reduction program, including a 24% cut in headcount exclusive of its manufacturing facilities. Currency has been a problem, to be sure. But “Core EPS,” as Procter & Gamble terms its adjusted EPS figure, hasn’t budged. It was $3.87 in fiscal 2011, and P&G is guiding investors to a similar level some six years later. Over that period, however, PG stock has gained more than 40% — due solely to multiple expansion. An earnings multiple of ~15x-16x has become ~23x — the highest it has racked up in well over a decade. Obviously, investors are pricing in bump in growth, based in part due to changes of the past few years. If that acceleration doesn’t come, however, P&G is in trouble. Where Do We Go From Here? The problem for PG stock is that without revenue expansion, there really aren’t any upside catalysts. A 23x earnings multiple is well above the market as a whole (on an adjusted basis) and isn’t going to expand if earnings stay flat. There’s little room left for margin expansion if organic growth is less than 2%; Procter & Gamble already has cut billions of dollars in costs. If anything, keeping margins steady is a major concern, even with better revenue growth. P&G’s Gillette unit just cut prices on its razors, affecting the company’s highest-margin category. It’s ramped up sampling and marketing spending elsewhere to boost top-line growth. Yet the company — even in a second-quarter report that the market received favorably — didn’t gain market share in any of its five major reporting categories. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/procter-and-gamble-co-pg-earnings-must-show-some-growth/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 10 Best Cheap Stocks for You to Buy for $10 or Less 3 Technology Stocks Leading the Charge Past Nasdaq 6,000 3 Stocks to Sell Before Earnings Crush Them 3 Defense Stock Picks as Tensions Escalate 7 Best Chinese Stocks on Renewed Growth The Tesla Stock Hype Cycle Will End in Tears Apple Wants to Make Recycled iPhones ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy for $10 or Less 3 Tech Stocks Leading the Charge Past Nasdaq 6,000 7 Best Chinese Stocks to Buy on Renewed Growth 3 Stocks to Sell Before They’re Crushed by Earnings 3 Defense Stocks to Buy Now As Tensions Escalate Most Popular 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Every Investor Should Own 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year 7 Short Squeeze Stocks That Will Be Shot Into Orbit The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade How to Trade Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Stock Around Q1 Earnings 3 Home Improvement Stocks to Buy for Unstoppable Gains Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Professional Skincare Market to Grow at 6.37% CAGR to 2021: Analysis of Key Players, Trends, Drivers, & Challenges The market research report ‘Global Professional Skincare Market 2017-2021’aims to offer insights into new business opportunities for companies such as Beiersdorf, L’Oréal, Procter & Gamble (P&G), Shiseido, and Unilever. MarketSizeForecasters.com adds new research covering major players in the global Professional Skincare market: Beiersdorf, L’Oréal, Procter & Gamble (P&G), Shiseido, and Unilever. Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: Clarins, Guinot, Obagi, and SkinMedic. Analysts forecast the global professional skincare market to grow at a CAGR of 6.37% during the period 2017-2021. Request a sample copy of Global Professional Skincare Market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/13846/?utm_source=SPR-SK Commenting on the report, an analyst from Technavio’s team said: “Personalization is another major trend that is emerging in the global professional skincare market. Manufacturers are increasingly adopting the strategy of product personalization as this enables them to provide consumer-specific solutions aimed at particular skin concerns and requirements. Elemis, one of the leading professional skincare brands in the UK, introduced its new BIOTEC Skin Energising System, which consists of a day cream, a cleanser, and a night cream. The product helps to support and maintain optimum skin function and vitality. Murad, an established brand from Unilever in the European market, launched Hydro-Dynamic Quenching Essence, the formula of which is highly concentrated and has active ingredients.” The listed pricing for this Global Professional Skincare Market report starts at $ 3500. Request Discount for Global Professional Skincare Market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/13846/?utm_source=SPR-SK According to the report, the high penetration of different types of distribution channels for professional skincare products renders easy distribution of these products across the globe, thereby assisting in the market’s growth. Spa and beauty salons, and medical centers and institutes represent the major distribution channels, as together these two channels contribute more than four-fifths of the global market’s revenue generated through the sales of professional skincare products. Additionally, specialty stores, such as Ulta Beauty and Sephora, have increased the availability of masstige, premium, and ultra-premium skincare products. Also, prominent pharmacies such as CVS Health, Walgreens, and Boots are increasing their shelf space for professional skincare products. Further, the report states that the US FDA does not recognize the product categorization of professional cosmetics. This extends to the skincare category as well. Although federal laws do not regulate this category yet, the category has been registering an increasing use of medical ingredients, which has become a cause of concern for regulatory bodies globally. Thus, marketers should ensure that their products comply with federal cosmetic safety laws, more so for products that carry active ingredients. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Related Reports: – Global Sportswear Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Sportswear is dedicated to the competition of sports clothing. It is usually designed according to the specific requirements of sports. And sportswear also includes those clothes which are engaged in … About Us: MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Contact Us: Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://marketsizeforecasters.com/ Connect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal Professional Skincare Market, Google News, Healthcare, Professional Skincare Industry, Professional Skincare Industry size, Professional Skincare Market Forecast, Professional Skincare Market size, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious La télématique des véhicules révèle des progrès dans les chasse-neiges pour éliminer les attentes incertaines Next PostNext Global Intelligent Lighting Controls Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2021 Search Recent Posts FedEx Awards $120,500 in its Fifth Annual Small Business Grant Contest FedEx Awards $120,500 in its Fifth Annual Small Business Grant Contest FedEx Awards $120,500 in its Fifth Annual Small Business Grant Contest Electrical Shell Market Growth, Recent Trends by Regions, Type, Application and Geographical Analysis to 2022 Electrical Shell Market Growth, Recent Trends by Regions, Type, Application and Geographical Analysis to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman McCann Worldgroup Sweeps The 53rd International ANDY Awards with 23 Awards and Best in Show GRANDY for „The Field Trip To Mars” NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – April 25, 2017) – The ADVERTISING Club of New York’s 2017 International ANDY Awards, the first advertising creative award show of the season, has announced this year’s winners. McCann Worldgroup swept this year’s show, being named Agency Network of the Year with a total of 23 awards, and McCann New York being named Agency of the Year with nine ANDYs and the Best in Show GRANDY Award for „The Field Trip to Mars.” Leo Burnett was the show’s second largest winner with 18 awards. adam&eveDDB ranked in third place with eight ANDY awards. The Bravery Award, which is annually awarded to a marketer for supporting innovative and courageous work, has been awarded to P&G India for „Dads #ShareTheLoad” campaign. The Richard T. O’Reilly Award for Outstanding Public Service has been awarded to DAVID Buenos Aires for its „MANBOOBS4BOOBS” campaign for MACMA. /EINPresswire.com/ — This year’s jury was led by North American Chief Creative Officer of Deutsch, Pete Favat, and made up of 24 of the global advertising community’s most respected creative directors from advertising organizations including: Anomaly, Shanghai; Lola MullenLowe, Madrid; Jung von Matt, Hamburg; AlmapBBDO, Sao Paulo; and J. Walter Thompson, India. In addition, representatives from pre and post production agencies like PRETTYBIRD and Framestore, as well as brands like Burger King were represented on the jury. The GRANDY winner „The Field Trip to Mars” was a first-of-its-kind „group VR” experience created by McCann New York for client Lockheed Martin in which the windows of a seemingly ordinary school bus transformed to take riders on a tour of the Martian surface. Cutting-edge technology created a „1:1 relationship” between Earth and Mars. The recipient of this honor is awarded a $50,000 cash prize. View entire list of winners here: https://www.andyawards.com/winners/ On this year’s winners, Favat stated, „Our jury set out to award the bravest ideas, which we, as an industry, strive to produce. We are in alignment with Cannes Lions alongside Badger and Winters’ Chief Creative Officer Madonna Badger on the need to ban work that reflects gender bias as well as the #womennotobjects initiative. We feel confident that this year’s winners respectfully portray both men and women.” Gina Grillo, President and CEO of The ADVERTISING Club of New York, and The International ANDY Awards, added, „As the first show of the 2017 award show season, and one with a slightly accelerated eligibility timeline, the ANDYs prides itself on its ability to predict award season favorites. This year, we have identified 10 frontrunners to watch that have not yet been eligible for other major award shows and which, we believe, have a high likelihood of becoming serial award show winners over the coming season.” Select predicted winners include: My Mutant Brain, MJZ IKEA: Cook This Page, Leo Burnett, Toronto Midnight, TBWA Media Arts Lab The Line Up song, FP7/CAI Come Together, adam&eveDDB The Box That Keeps Giving, McCann New York Time Is Precious, Wieden+Kennedy Portland GRAVITY CAT, Hakuhodo Inc. / TOHOKUSHINSHA FILM CORPORATION Burger King Burning Stores, DAVID The Agency The World’s Biggest Asshole, The Martin Agency The Bravery Award goes to P&G India for „Dads #ShareTheLoad.” This social movement was led by a poignant film about a dad’s self-realization and conversion about roles and responsibilities within the home, and about setting the right examples by helping with laundry. Glenn C. Smith Award goes to Brazilian students for „Sh**ty Candidates. This campaign encouraged residents to collect their dog poop (a city-wide problem) and align it with the sh**tiest political candidates. This award includes a $10,000 scholarship. The Richard T. O’Reilly award recognizes a public service campaign, which urges women to check their breasts to help prevent breast cancer. As female breasts are typically censored on social media due to nudity policies, „MANBOOBS4BOOBS” creatively solved the problem. This award comes with a $10,000 donation to the non-profit organization. In an industry first, The International ANDY Awards, with the help of Corporate Partner Amazon Media Group, is setting out to announce winners and deliver awards globally. In conjunction with this press announcement of the 2017 ANDY Winners, winners will learn if they won gold, silver or bronze ANDYs by delivery in a custom branded Amazon brown box, complete with the ubiquitous smile as well as the ANDYs’ logo. The ANDYs global community will feel united in this shared moment of celebration round the ideas that made it not only through the advertising gauntlet, but the show’s tough judging process. About The ADVERTISING Club of New York The ADVERTISING Club of New York is a non-profit organization for corporate and individual members in the advertising, media, marketing and ad-tech industries. They provide education and networking opportunities to enhance professional development, expose members to innovation and technology, and provide access to influencers/companies across the entire advertising ecosystem, from agencies to clients. In addition to The Club’s #ImPART ground-breaking diversity programs, they also oversee The International ANDY awards. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CON EDISON PODCAST: Battery Storage Technology In New York City Neighborhoods Next PostNext Intellinetics, Inc. to Present at Taglich Brothers 14th Annual Investment Conference Search Recent Posts Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. Announces Consolidated Results for First Quarter 2017 K92 Mining Inc (KNTNF: OTCQB) | Management Discussion and Analysis Golden Star Enterprises Ltd. (GSPT: OTC Pink Current) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Wee-Cig International Corporation (WCIG: OTC Pink Current) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Catalog System Maintenance Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by Donating Three Million of Them to Premature Babies in the UK LONDON, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pampers has developed its smallest nappy yet, the Pampers Preemie Protection Size P3. Designed specifically to meet the needs of the tiniest little fighters, the Size P3 nappy is three sizes smaller than a regular newborn nappy and is suitable for babies weighing smaller than 1.8lb (800g). Pampers is demonstrating its continued commitment to the happy, healthy development of every baby in the UK, including those born prematurely, by donating three million[1] of its smallest nappies to UK hospitals’ Neonatal Units, giving every premature baby born access to free nappies. UK’s smallest nappy for babies weighing less than 1.8lb (PRNewsfoto/Pampers UK)      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/493893/Pampers_UK.jpg ) Approximately one in 11 babies (60,000)[2] are born prematurely in the UK each year and due to advances in medical science, survival rates of these little fighters are increasing[3]. Neo-natal nurse and developmental specialist Cherry Bond said „Premature babies have very unique requirements, which need to be valued and considered in every element of their care; the right nappy is no exception. The nappies that are currently available do not fit the smallest babies properly so are often cut and folded to size, which can cause discomfort and impede optimal development„. That’s why Pampers has designed a range of nappies specifically to meet the needs of premature babies, and is donating them to hospitals. Pampers is partnering with the UK’s leading charity for babies born premature or sick, Bliss to get the nappies to the babies that need them, initially partnering with a limited number of hospitals across the country, before rolling out nationwide to all UK hospitals from summer 2017. The brand is also asking all parents to share photos of their little ones with a clenched fist on social media, to celebrate the amazing fighting spirit that premature babies show every day, and will be donating £1 to the charity for every picture shared using #powerofbabies. Together Pampers and Bliss aim to support the littlest fighters in the Neonatal Unit and those who care for them. Caroline Lee-Davey, CEO of Bliss said, „We were thrilled to hear about the new range of Pampers nappies for premature babies, which will make a real difference to the lives of babies and those that care for them. Caring for such a small and fragile baby can be daunting, but Bliss knows that getting families more actively involved in caring for their premature baby aids development, creates valuable bonding time and helps babies get better faster. The nappy change is one way parents can take a lead and nappies that are fit for purpose will make this so much easier.„ New Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are designed to minimise disruption to help with sleep, positioning, and medical care for premature babies. Regular newborn nappies currently used by Neonatal nurses have a wide core that can push baby’s legs apart, not allowing baby’s hips and legs to rest comfortably, which 99% of nurses agree disrupts healthy growth and development[4]. The happy and healthy development of every baby, including the tiniest little fighters, is our priority, that is why when nurses asked us to design a nappy for the most vulnerable babies, we rose to the challenge„ said Ian Morley, Commercial Director at P&G. „It took us three years and over 10,000 hours of research to develop the new P3 nappy, which is designed to provide comfort and protection for the smallest babies. As a parent of two preemies myself, I am extremely proud that we have created a nappy which meets the very unique needs of premature babies and those that care for them„. Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are available in sizes P1 (<5lb/ 2.7kg) and P2 (<4lb/ 1.8kg) and P3 (<1.8lb/ 0.8kg) and will start to be donated to hospitals from Summer 2017. To arrange product sample delivery, UK hospitals are advised to contact pampers.preemie@skyes.com . About Pampers® For more than 50 years, parents have trusted Pampers to care for their babies. Pampers is a part of The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE: PG) and is the #1-selling nappy worldwide. Every day, more than 25 million babies in 100 countries around the world wear Pampers. Pampers offers a complete range of nappies, wipes and training pants designed to provide protection and comfort for every stage of baby’s development. Visit http://www.pampers.com to learn more about Pampers products, join the Pampers Rewards program, and find ideas and information to help your baby get the most out of love, sleep and play. About Procter & Gamble (P&G) UK and Ireland P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene® and SK-II®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.co.uk for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands in the UK & Ireland. About Bliss Bliss is the UK’s leading charity for babies born premature or sick. They believe that premature and sick babies deserve the best chance of survival and quality of life, and aim to make this a reality by: Supporting parents of babies born premature or sick to be as involved as possible in care and decision-making for their babies. Supporting neonatal professionals to deliver high quality baby-centred care and involve parents actively in their babies’ care. Placing premature and sick babies’ voices at the heart of decision-making to ensure that their best interests are always put first. Supporting research that can tangibly improve outcomes for babies born premature or sick. For more information, visit http://www.bliss.org.uk About Cherry Bond Cherry originally trained as a children’s nurse and has spent the majority of her career specialising in and working with both preterm and sick infants needing highly specialised care in the neonatal unit. She pioneered an approach called ‚Positive Touch’ and the 5-step dialogue, which promotes cue-based nurturing care involving parents at every level of their baby’s development. She is also a qualified infant massage therapist and has taught infant massage to Neonatal parents and their babies for several decades. SOURCE Pampers UK CategoriesUncategorized TagsChildren, Corporate Social Responsibility, New Products & Services, Not For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Athletes, Leaders Personify Fair Trade in Portrait Series Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Industrial Control Systems Security Market Growth at CAGR of 47.2%, 2017-2020 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Apple Mac Repairs London iPad Repair in Shepherds Bush and Acton, London Paul McCartney Tickets at Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre in Chicago, IL Available at TicketDown.com OSHA recognizes Workers’ Memorial Day in Ohio Workplace Justice Advocates Announces $22.4 Million Award by Los Angeles Jury in Whistleblower, Wrongful Termination Lawsuit Bus Bridge cancelled this weekend Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman McCann Worldgroup Sweeps The 53rd International ANDY Awards with 23 Awards and Best in Show GRANDY for „The Field Trip To Mars” Leo Burnett is Second-Highest Winner with 18 Awards; adam&eveDDB Earns Third Place with Eight Awards; Bravery Award Goes To P&G India for „Dads #ShareTheLoad”; Ten ANDY Award Winners Identified as Predicted Winners for Upcoming Award Season NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – April 25, 2017) – The ADVERTISING Club of New York’s 2017 International ANDY Awards, the first advertising creative award show of the season, has announced this year’s winners. McCann Worldgroup swept this year’s show, being named Agency Network of the Year with a total of 23 awards, and McCann New York being named Agency of the Year with nine ANDYs and the Best in Show GRANDY Award for „The Field Trip to Mars.” Leo Burnett was the show’s second largest winner with 18 awards. adam&eveDDB ranked in third place with eight ANDY awards. The Bravery Award, which is annually awarded to a marketer for supporting innovative and courageous work, has been awarded to P&G India for „Dads #ShareTheLoad” campaign. The Richard T. O’Reilly Award for Outstanding Public Service has been awarded to DAVID Buenos Aires for its „MANBOOBS4BOOBS” campaign for MACMA. This year’s jury was led by North American Chief Creative Officer of Deutsch, Pete Favat, and made up of 24 of the global advertising community’s most respected creative directors from advertising organizations including: Anomaly, Shanghai; Lola MullenLowe, Madrid; Jung von Matt, Hamburg; AlmapBBDO, Sao Paulo; and J. Walter Thompson, India. In addition, representatives from pre and post production agencies like PRETTYBIRD and Framestore, as well as brands like Burger King were represented on the jury. The GRANDY winner „The Field Trip to Mars” was a first-of-its-kind „group VR” experience created by McCann New York for client Lockheed Martin in which the windows of a seemingly ordinary school bus transformed to take riders on a tour of the Martian surface. Cutting-edge technology created a „1:1 relationship” between Earth and Mars. The recipient of this honor is awarded a $50,000 cash prize. View entire list of winners here: https://www.andyawards.com/winners/ On this year’s winners, Favat stated, „Our jury set out to award the bravest ideas, which we, as an industry, strive to produce. We are in alignment with Cannes Lions alongside Badger and Winters’ Chief Creative Officer Madonna Badger on the need to ban work that reflects gender bias as well as the #womennotobjects initiative. We feel confident that this year’s winners respectfully portray both men and women.” Gina Grillo, President and CEO of The ADVERTISING Club of New York, and The International ANDY Awards, added, „As the first show of the 2017 award show season, and one with a slightly accelerated eligibility timeline, the ANDYs prides itself on its ability to predict award season favorites. This year, we have identified 10 frontrunners to watch that have not yet been eligible for other major award shows and which, we believe, have a high likelihood of becoming serial award show winners over the coming season.” Select predicted winners include: My Mutant Brain, MJZ IKEA: Cook This Page, Leo Burnett, Toronto Midnight, TBWA Media Arts Lab The Line Up song, FP7/CAI Come Together, adam&eveDDB The Box That Keeps Giving, McCann New York Time Is Precious, Wieden+Kennedy Portland GRAVITY CAT, Hakuhodo Inc. / TOHOKUSHINSHA FILM CORPORATION Burger King Burning Stores, DAVID The Agency The World’s Biggest Asshole, The Martin Agency The Bravery Award goes to P&G India for „Dads #ShareTheLoad.” This social movement was led by a poignant film about a dad’s self-realization and conversion about roles and responsibilities within the home, and about setting the right examples by helping with laundry. Glenn C. Smith Award goes to Brazilian students for „Sh**ty Candidates. This campaign encouraged residents to collect their dog poop (a city-wide problem) and align it with the sh**tiest political candidates. This award includes a $10,000 scholarship. The Richard T. O’Reilly award recognizes a public service campaign, which urges women to check their breasts to help prevent breast cancer. As female breasts are typically censored on social media due to nudity policies, „MANBOOBS4BOOBS” creatively solved the problem. This award comes with a $10,000 donation to the non-profit organization. In an industry first, The International ANDY Awards, with the help of Corporate Partner Amazon Media Group, is setting out to announce winners and deliver awards globally. In conjunction with this press announcement of the 2017 ANDY Winners, winners will learn if they won gold, silver or bronze ANDYs by delivery in a custom branded Amazon brown box, complete with the ubiquitous smile as well as the ANDYs’ logo. The ANDYs global community will feel united in this shared moment of celebration round the ideas that made it not only through the advertising gauntlet, but the show’s tough judging process. About The ADVERTISING Club of New York The ADVERTISING Club of New York is a non-profit organization for corporate and individual members in the advertising, media, marketing and ad-tech industries. They provide education and networking opportunities to enhance professional development, expose members to innovation and technology, and provide access to influencers/companies across the entire advertising ecosystem, from agencies to clients. In addition to The Club’s #ImPART ground-breaking diversity programs, they also oversee The International ANDY awards. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CON EDISON PODCAST: Battery Storage Technology In New York City Neighborhoods Next PostNext uBreakiFix Grows Charlotte Footprint, Opens in Huntersville Search Recent Posts United States Leukemia Therapeutics Market: Comprehensive Analysis, Perspective and Forecast, 2017 – 2022 Global Dental Prosthetics Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.55% during Forecast period 2016-2020 Epubor Announces The World’s #1 Epubor Audible Converter for Windows Floor Coating Market in Europe 2016-2020 – Akzo Nobel, DAW, PPG & Tikkurila are the leading Market Players Global Dressing Trolleys Market Analysis, Share and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman McCann Worldgroup Sweeps The 53rd International ANDY Awards with 23 Awards and Best in Show GRANDY for „The Field Trip To Mars” Leo Burnett is Second-Highest Winner with 18 Awards; adam&eveDDB Earns Third Place with Eight Awards; Bravery Award Goes To P&G India for „Dads #ShareTheLoad”; Ten ANDY Award Winners Identified as Predicted Winners for Upcoming Award Season NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – April 25, 2017) – The ADVERTISING Club of New York’s 2017 International ANDY Awards, the first advertising creative award show of the season, has announced this year’s winners. McCann Worldgroup swept this year’s show, being named Agency Network of the Year with a total of 23 awards, and McCann New York being named Agency of the Year with nine ANDYs and the Best in Show GRANDY Award for „The Field Trip to Mars.” Leo Burnett was the show’s second largest winner with 18 awards. adam&eveDDB ranked in third place with eight ANDY awards. The Bravery Award, which is annually awarded to a marketer for supporting innovative and courageous work, has been awarded to P&G India for „Dads #ShareTheLoad” campaign. The Richard T. O’Reilly Award for Outstanding Public Service has been awarded to DAVID Buenos Aires for its „MANBOOBS4BOOBS” campaign for MACMA. This year’s jury was led by North American Chief Creative Officer of Deutsch, Pete Favat, and made up of 24 of the global advertising community’s most respected creative directors from advertising organizations including: Anomaly, Shanghai; Lola MullenLowe, Madrid; Jung von Matt, Hamburg; AlmapBBDO, Sao Paulo; and J. Walter Thompson, India. In addition, representatives from pre and post production agencies like PRETTYBIRD and Framestore, as well as brands like Burger King were represented on the jury. The GRANDY winner „The Field Trip to Mars” was a first-of-its-kind „group VR” experience created by McCann New York for client Lockheed Martin in which the windows of a seemingly ordinary school bus transformed to take riders on a tour of the Martian surface. Cutting-edge technology created a „1:1 relationship” between Earth and Mars. The recipient of this honor is awarded a $50,000 cash prize. View entire list of winners here: https://www.andyawards.com/winners/ On this year’s winners, Favat stated, „Our jury set out to award the bravest ideas, which we, as an industry, strive to produce. We are in alignment with Cannes Lions alongside Badger and Winters’ Chief Creative Officer Madonna Badger on the need to ban work that reflects gender bias as well as the #womennotobjects initiative. We feel confident that this year’s winners respectfully portray both men and women.” Gina Grillo, President and CEO of The ADVERTISING Club of New York, and The International ANDY Awards, added, „As the first show of the 2017 award show season, and one with a slightly accelerated eligibility timeline, the ANDYs prides itself on its ability to predict award season favorites. This year, we have identified 10 frontrunners to watch that have not yet been eligible for other major award shows and which, we believe, have a high likelihood of becoming serial award show winners over the coming season.” Select predicted winners include: My Mutant Brain, MJZ IKEA: Cook This Page, Leo Burnett, Toronto Midnight, TBWA Media Arts Lab The Line Up song, FP7/CAI Come Together, adam&eveDDB The Box That Keeps Giving, McCann New York Time Is Precious, Wieden+Kennedy Portland GRAVITY CAT, Hakuhodo Inc. / TOHOKUSHINSHA FILM CORPORATION Burger King Burning Stores, DAVID The Agency The World’s Biggest Asshole, The Martin Agency The Bravery Award goes to P&G India for „Dads #ShareTheLoad.” This social movement was led by a poignant film about a dad’s self-realization and conversion about roles and responsibilities within the home, and about setting the right examples by helping with laundry. Glenn C. Smith Award goes to Brazilian students for „Sh**ty Candidates. This campaign encouraged residents to collect their dog poop (a city-wide problem) and align it with the sh**tiest political candidates. This award includes a $10,000 scholarship. The Richard T. O’Reilly award recognizes a public service campaign, which urges women to check their breasts to help prevent breast cancer. As female breasts are typically censored on social media due to nudity policies, „MANBOOBS4BOOBS” creatively solved the problem. This award comes with a $10,000 donation to the non-profit organization. In an industry first, The International ANDY Awards, with the help of Corporate Partner Amazon Media Group, is setting out to announce winners and deliver awards globally. In conjunction with this press announcement of the 2017 ANDY Winners, winners will learn if they won gold, silver or bronze ANDYs by delivery in a custom branded Amazon brown box, complete with the ubiquitous smile as well as the ANDYs’ logo. The ANDYs global community will feel united in this shared moment of celebration round the ideas that made it not only through the advertising gauntlet, but the show’s tough judging process. About The ADVERTISING Club of New York The ADVERTISING Club of New York is a non-profit organization for corporate and individual members in the advertising, media, marketing and ad-tech industries. They provide education and networking opportunities to enhance professional development, expose members to innovation and technology, and provide access to influencers/companies across the entire advertising ecosystem, from agencies to clients. In addition to The Club’s #ImPART ground-breaking diversity programs, they also oversee The International ANDY awards. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CON EDISON PODCAST: Battery Storage Technology In New York City Neighborhoods Next PostNext uBreakiFix Grows Charlotte Footprint, Opens in Huntersville Search Recent Posts United States Leukemia Therapeutics Market: Comprehensive Analysis, Perspective and Forecast, 2017 – 2022 Global Dental Prosthetics Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.55% during Forecast period 2016-2020 Epubor Announces The World’s #1 Epubor Audible Converter for Windows Floor Coating Market in Europe 2016-2020 – Akzo Nobel, DAW, PPG & Tikkurila are the leading Market Players Global Dressing Trolleys Market Analysis, Share and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: The ADVERTISING Club of New York April 25, 2017 13:41 ET McCann Worldgroup Sweeps The 53rd International ANDY Awards with 23 Awards and Best in Show GRANDY for "The Field Trip To Mars" Leo Burnett is Second-Highest Winner with 18 Awards; adam&eveDDB Earns Third Place with Eight Awards; Bravery Award Goes To P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad"; Ten ANDY Award Winners Identified as Predicted Winners for Upcoming Award Season NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 25, 2017) - The ADVERTISING Club of New York's 2017 International ANDY Awards, the first advertising creative award show of the season, has announced this year's winners. McCann Worldgroup swept this year's show, being named Agency Network of the Year with a total of 23 awards, and McCann New York being named Agency of the Year with nine ANDYs and the Best in Show GRANDY Award for "The Field Trip to Mars." Leo Burnett was the show's second largest winner with 18 awards. adam&eveDDB ranked in third place with eight ANDY awards. The Bravery Award, which is annually awarded to a marketer for supporting innovative and courageous work, has been awarded to P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad" campaign. The Richard T. O'Reilly Award for Outstanding Public Service has been awarded to DAVID Buenos Aires for its "MANBOOBS4BOOBS" campaign for MACMA. This year's jury was led by North American Chief Creative Officer of Deutsch, Pete Favat, and made up of 24 of the global advertising community's most respected creative directors from advertising organizations including: Anomaly, Shanghai; Lola MullenLowe, Madrid; Jung von Matt, Hamburg; AlmapBBDO, Sao Paulo; and J. Walter Thompson, India. In addition, representatives from pre and post production agencies like PRETTYBIRD and Framestore, as well as brands like Burger King were represented on the jury. The GRANDY winner "The Field Trip to Mars" was a first-of-its-kind "group VR" experience created by McCann New York for client Lockheed Martin in which the windows of a seemingly ordinary school bus transformed to take riders on a tour of the Martian surface. Cutting-edge technology created a "1:1 relationship" between Earth and Mars. The recipient of this honor is awarded a $50,000 cash prize. View entire list of winners here: https://www.andyawards.com/winners/ On this year's winners, Favat stated, "Our jury set out to award the bravest ideas, which we, as an industry, strive to produce. We are in alignment with Cannes Lions alongside Badger and Winters' Chief Creative Officer Madonna Badger on the need to ban work that reflects gender bias as well as the #womennotobjects initiative. We feel confident that this year's winners respectfully portray both men and women." Gina Grillo, President and CEO of The ADVERTISING Club of New York, and The International ANDY Awards, added, "As the first show of the 2017 award show season, and one with a slightly accelerated eligibility timeline, the ANDYs prides itself on its ability to predict award season favorites. This year, we have identified 10 frontrunners to watch that have not yet been eligible for other major award shows and which, we believe, have a high likelihood of becoming serial award show winners over the coming season." Select predicted winners include: My Mutant Brain, MJZ IKEA: Cook This Page, Leo Burnett, Toronto Midnight, TBWA\ Media Arts Lab The Line Up song, FP7/CAI Come Together, adam&eveDDB The Box That Keeps Giving, McCann New York Time Is Precious, Wieden+Kennedy Portland GRAVITY CAT, Hakuhodo Inc. / TOHOKUSHINSHA FILM CORPORATION Burger King Burning Stores, DAVID The Agency The World's Biggest Asshole, The Martin Agency The Bravery Award goes to P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad." This social movement was led by a poignant film about a dad's self-realization and conversion about roles and responsibilities within the home, and about setting the right examples by helping with laundry. Glenn C. Smith Award goes to Brazilian students for "Sh**ty Candidates. This campaign encouraged residents to collect their dog poop (a city-wide problem) and align it with the sh**tiest political candidates. This award includes a $10,000 scholarship. The Richard T. O'Reilly award recognizes a public service campaign, which urges women to check their breasts to help prevent breast cancer. As female breasts are typically censored on social media due to nudity policies, "MANBOOBS4BOOBS" creatively solved the problem. This award comes with a $10,000 donation to the non-profit organization. In an industry first, The International ANDY Awards, with the help of Corporate Partner Amazon Media Group, is setting out to announce winners and deliver awards globally. In conjunction with this press announcement of the 2017 ANDY Winners, winners will learn if they won gold, silver or bronze ANDYs by delivery in a custom branded Amazon brown box, complete with the ubiquitous smile as well as the ANDYs' logo. The ANDYs global community will feel united in this shared moment of celebration round the ideas that made it not only through the advertising gauntlet, but the show's tough judging process. About The ADVERTISING Club of New York The ADVERTISING Club of New York is a non-profit organization for corporate and individual members in the advertising, media, marketing and ad-tech industries. They provide education and networking opportunities to enhance professional development, expose members to innovation and technology, and provide access to influencers/companies across the entire advertising ecosystem, from agencies to clients. In addition to The Club's #ImPART ground-breaking diversity programs, they also oversee The International ANDY awards. Contact Information Contact: Kathleen Ruane DiGennaro Communications Phone: (212) 475-6301 Email: Kathleen.Ruane@digennaro-usa.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company The ADVERTISING Club of New York From this industry Media and Entertainment Professional Services From this sub-industry Information Services Television Advertising, PR and Marketing Associations See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: The ADVERTISING Club of New York April 25, 2017 13:41 ET McCann Worldgroup Sweeps The 53rd International ANDY Awards with 23 Awards and Best in Show GRANDY for "The Field Trip To Mars" Leo Burnett is Second-Highest Winner with 18 Awards; adam&eveDDB Earns Third Place with Eight Awards; Bravery Award Goes To P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad"; Ten ANDY Award Winners Identified as Predicted Winners for Upcoming Award Season NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 25, 2017) - The ADVERTISING Club of New York's 2017 International ANDY Awards, the first advertising creative award show of the season, has announced this year's winners. McCann Worldgroup swept this year's show, being named Agency Network of the Year with a total of 23 awards, and McCann New York being named Agency of the Year with nine ANDYs and the Best in Show GRANDY Award for "The Field Trip to Mars." Leo Burnett was the show's second largest winner with 18 awards. adam&eveDDB ranked in third place with eight ANDY awards. The Bravery Award, which is annually awarded to a marketer for supporting innovative and courageous work, has been awarded to P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad" campaign. The Richard T. O'Reilly Award for Outstanding Public Service has been awarded to DAVID Buenos Aires for its "MANBOOBS4BOOBS" campaign for MACMA. This year's jury was led by North American Chief Creative Officer of Deutsch, Pete Favat, and made up of 24 of the global advertising community's most respected creative directors from advertising organizations including: Anomaly, Shanghai; Lola MullenLowe, Madrid; Jung von Matt, Hamburg; AlmapBBDO, Sao Paulo; and J. Walter Thompson, India. In addition, representatives from pre and post production agencies like PRETTYBIRD and Framestore, as well as brands like Burger King were represented on the jury. The GRANDY winner "The Field Trip to Mars" was a first-of-its-kind "group VR" experience created by McCann New York for client Lockheed Martin in which the windows of a seemingly ordinary school bus transformed to take riders on a tour of the Martian surface. Cutting-edge technology created a "1:1 relationship" between Earth and Mars. The recipient of this honor is awarded a $50,000 cash prize. View entire list of winners here: https://www.andyawards.com/winners/ On this year's winners, Favat stated, "Our jury set out to award the bravest ideas, which we, as an industry, strive to produce. We are in alignment with Cannes Lions alongside Badger and Winters' Chief Creative Officer Madonna Badger on the need to ban work that reflects gender bias as well as the #womennotobjects initiative. We feel confident that this year's winners respectfully portray both men and women." Gina Grillo, President and CEO of The ADVERTISING Club of New York, and The International ANDY Awards, added, "As the first show of the 2017 award show season, and one with a slightly accelerated eligibility timeline, the ANDYs prides itself on its ability to predict award season favorites. This year, we have identified 10 frontrunners to watch that have not yet been eligible for other major award shows and which, we believe, have a high likelihood of becoming serial award show winners over the coming season." Select predicted winners include: My Mutant Brain, MJZ IKEA: Cook This Page, Leo Burnett, Toronto Midnight, TBWA\ Media Arts Lab The Line Up song, FP7/CAI Come Together, adam&eveDDB The Box That Keeps Giving, McCann New York Time Is Precious, Wieden+Kennedy Portland GRAVITY CAT, Hakuhodo Inc. / TOHOKUSHINSHA FILM CORPORATION Burger King Burning Stores, DAVID The Agency The World's Biggest Asshole, The Martin Agency The Bravery Award goes to P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad." This social movement was led by a poignant film about a dad's self-realization and conversion about roles and responsibilities within the home, and about setting the right examples by helping with laundry. Glenn C. Smith Award goes to Brazilian students for "Sh**ty Candidates. This campaign encouraged residents to collect their dog poop (a city-wide problem) and align it with the sh**tiest political candidates. This award includes a $10,000 scholarship. The Richard T. O'Reilly award recognizes a public service campaign, which urges women to check their breasts to help prevent breast cancer. As female breasts are typically censored on social media due to nudity policies, "MANBOOBS4BOOBS" creatively solved the problem. This award comes with a $10,000 donation to the non-profit organization. In an industry first, The International ANDY Awards, with the help of Corporate Partner Amazon Media Group, is setting out to announce winners and deliver awards globally. In conjunction with this press announcement of the 2017 ANDY Winners, winners will learn if they won gold, silver or bronze ANDYs by delivery in a custom branded Amazon brown box, complete with the ubiquitous smile as well as the ANDYs' logo. The ANDYs global community will feel united in this shared moment of celebration round the ideas that made it not only through the advertising gauntlet, but the show's tough judging process. About The ADVERTISING Club of New York The ADVERTISING Club of New York is a non-profit organization for corporate and individual members in the advertising, media, marketing and ad-tech industries. They provide education and networking opportunities to enhance professional development, expose members to innovation and technology, and provide access to influencers/companies across the entire advertising ecosystem, from agencies to clients. In addition to The Club's #ImPART ground-breaking diversity programs, they also oversee The International ANDY awards. Contact Information Contact: Kathleen Ruane DiGennaro Communications Phone: (212) 475-6301 Email: Kathleen.Ruane@digennaro-usa.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company The ADVERTISING Club of New York From this industry Media and Entertainment Professional Services From this sub-industry Information Services Television Advertising, PR and Marketing Associations See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
clock menu more-arrow Photo: Ruth Hornby Photography/Getty Images Why Beauty Brands Are Betting on Incubation It’s not just for eggs and babies anymore. by Beth Shapouri Apr 25, 2017, 9:32am EDT tweet share pin Seems like everywhere you look, big beauty brands are either turning to or setting up incubators and accelerators, hoping to capture the next big thing. What was once a way for small brands or upstarts, like Y Combinator’s Hush and Memebox, to grow into medium-sized success stories is quickly becoming the norm in product development. A few recently in the news: L’Oréal’s Founders Factory, Sephora’s female-driven Accelerate, The Unilever Foundry, P&G’s Connect + Develop Program, and Target’s own accelerator and partnership with Beach House Group (formerly Project Underground), undertaken last year to launch lines Mayfair Soap Foundry, Marlowe, and You Are Amazing. And those are just the public moves — one independent incubator we spoke to, Crème Collective, says it’s recently been approached by a known retailer to create a beauty brand in the luxury organic segment. In other words, there’s more incubation going on than we know about, and we know about quite a lot. It’s a deliberate turn away from the old model, in which in-house teams worked on creating a new product to round out a line’s offerings or waited for niche brands to build an audience on their own before snapping them up. Accelerators tend to focus on short-term support to help a brand get off the ground, while incubators have more of a marathon mentality. First, a word about accelerators versus incubators. The major difference is that accelerators tend to focus on short-term support to help a brand get off the ground, while incubators have more of a marathon mentality, often starting earlier in the development stage. However, the line between the two is blurring more and more, and now the terms are used almost interchangeably. Regardless of the exact term, there’s no denying these labs carry a certain cachet. That’s thanks in part to independent players like Seed Beauty becoming a major power with Kylie Cosmetics and ColourPop, and big, industry-shaking brands like incubator-graduate Dollar Shave Club. But besides the cool factor, the setup simply makes business sense. “Historically, big companies were often content to sit back and wait for new brands to reach a certain level of growth before they'd jump in to acquire them,” says Zoe Leavitt, retail tech analyst at tech market intelligence platform CB Insights. See: Estée Lauder’s purchase of Becca. But, she continues, “Today, as the startup space gets more active, corporates are facing more and more competition, and startups with long growth records are earning higher and higher price tags. From the corporation's perspective, it might be easier to build relationships more cheaply with a range of early-stage startups through an incubator, and then know that relationship will be maintained as the startups grow.” That’s one of the reasons why so many big-name brands are cutting out the middleman and setting up labs of their own. Incubators are particularly good at creating products consumers actually want. Another major element: Incubators are particularly good at creating products consumers actually want. “People expect a lot more out of their beauty products than they used to,” says Leavitt. “Shoppers don't want something that masks imperfections; they want something that fixes them.” And that has created an opportunity. “This has become a really critical moment in the beauty industry because technology's ripe enough to provide [performance],” says Guive Balooch, global vice president of L'Oréal's technology incubator. “Consumer demand is now at that level where innovation is going to become key to the future of our industry.” The major point of differentiation in the process? “A lot of times in large companies [development] people will say, ‘10 percent, 20 percent of my time is spent on innovation.’ And the reality is you really need to focus on innovation projects 100 percent when it comes to this type of [tech-centric] field,” Balooch explains. And that’s what’s happening at incubators. These development programs are intense but nurturing bootcamps where (on a larger scale) new lines and (on a smaller scale) the search for groundbreaking technology receive considerable attention, direction, and resources to get brands off the ground both quickly and successfully. Another factor here is the talent. Incubators offer the promise of something new — a major attraction for big thinkers and innovators. That’s why so much of this is happening on the West Coast. Therese Clarke of the incubator Crème Collective, which has an office in Huntington Beach, California, stresses the benefits of her company’s proximity to San Francisco. “It’s where so many cool companies are fusing beauty with wellness and beauty with tech,” she says. “Plus, having access to what other industries are doing drives innovation. Some of my best ideas have originated out of these other fields.” Subscribe to the Racked Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. Balooch confirms the West Coast magic. “I have teams all around the world,” he says, “but I knew that if I weren’t in the Bay, there would be a key ecosystem that was missing for me to be able to create beautiful industrial design, beautiful products.” This emphasis on tech has the potential to be a win-win for both consumers and brands — after all, products and features that meet consumer needs in an intelligent way are great for both sides. A few examples: Sephora’s Innovation Lab created a perfume air-puff system to test fragrance, allowing for a better, more informed buying experience at the counter. And L’Oréal has released the Kérastase Hair Coach Powered by Withings smart hairbrush that “reads” hair to provide personalized product advice to the user. But for a case study of the benefits of incubation for technological development, perhaps the best example is another L’Oréal launch, the My UV Patch, a stretchable, wearable skin sensor that monitors UV exposure. Developing it required designers, someone to write an algorithm that measures sun rays, a team to run clinical studies, and another group to create an app. “[There] wouldn't have been a very easy way to do that if there weren’t a team like mine that was focused on this type of innovation,” Balooch says. “That takes an incubator to create it.” All this is great news for efficacy, but there could be a downside as more and more big brands start to take over the incubation reins rather than outsourcing to an existing accelerator or incubator. Pirooz Sarshar worries the big companies might take away the quirks and charm that often characterize start-ups. Pirooz Sarshar, chief operating officer at PCB Life, Peter Coppola Beauty’s incubator, worries that big companies might take away the quirks and charm that often characterize startups, where the focus is more on passion or fulfilling needs than fitting into an overall portfolio of work. “It’s not unlike the big brands that are consolidating brands to stretch out shelf space, creating extinction of independents,” he says. Another worry: Handing the reins to big companies might squash the kind of out-of-the-box thinking that helps identify new problems to solve for consumers, like Dollar Shave Club did in the shaving sector. With a more risk-averse parent brand overseeing things, it’s possible that the up-and-comers won’t be able to be as bold and disruptive. After all, if the big dogs were gutsy enough to find new niches and try out seemingly wacky products or strategies on their own, they wouldn’t need these programs to begin with. Whether it’s possible for these mama-bear companies to allow a brand to grow to its full potential without changing its DNA so much it becomes yet another version of what’s already out there remains to be seen, but it’s something Sarshar says he’s taking into consideration when building his company’s partnerships. For now, at least, we can expect these labs to capture technology and cause industry disruption. While it’s hard to predict exactly what the next innovation to come out of these tech heavy-hitters will be, Leavitt highlighted some areas to watch out for. The first area of interest? Inclusivity. “There's growing investor awareness of the room for growth in beauty for African-American women, Indian women, and anyone with a nonwhite skin tone or hair texture.” Another area of interest is personalization, something that has shown success for Function of Beauty (a line that was backed by the accelerator Y Combinator). And, she adds, “We haven't yet seen real adoption of technologies like at-home 3D printing, which would be the gold standard of personalization.” Seems L’Oréal has some 3D-printing projects in the works. Could that be the next stop? Time will tell. Time will tell if this strategy will be a win for all the brands going this route or if the race for new, better, more will make everything fizzle out in one big eyeshadow-tinged supernova. For now, at least, we can expect these labs to capture technology and cause industry disruption. It’s what brands are banking on. Beauty Inside the Minds (and Vanities) of Self-Proclaimed Makeup Addicts Beauty Guy Tang Is a Rainbow Hair Evangelist Shopping Millennial Woman Buys Beauty Product Relying Solely on Her Own Judgement, Lives View all stories in Beauty Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead How to Pitch All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From McDonald's, Lexus and iSpot.tv 2 hours ago Array 0 McDonald's: 'There's a Big Mac for That' Boosted Results By Jessica Wohl - 2 hours ago Array 0 Auto Advertisers Steer Back Into O'Reilly's Former Slot By Anthony Crupi - 4 hours ago Array 0 Watch a Clip From (Wow) the Fox News-Inspired 'Law & Order: SVU' By Simon Dumenco - 4 hours ago Array 0 Creativity Top 5: The Best Brand Ideas of the Week By Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago Array 0 McDonald's: 'There's a Big Mac for That' Boosted Results By Jessica Wohl - 2 hours ago 0 Ikea Responds to Balenciaga's Copycat Move By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Auto Advertisers Steer Back Into O'Reilly's Former Slot By Anthony Crupi - 4 hours ago 0 Watch a Clip From (Wow) the Fox News-Inspired 'Law & Order: SVU' By Simon Dumenco - 4 hours ago 0 Creativity Top 5: The Best Brand Ideas of the Week By Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 Dana Anderson Leaves Mondelez in Marketer's Biggest Executive Shakeup Yet By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Google Sees Another Chance to Get Programmatic TV Right By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 GSK's Speichert: Marketers Are Missing Digital Fundamentals By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 We Are Unlimited Gains Creative Firepower With Ari Weiss' First Hire By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 General Mills Creative Chief Michael Fanuele Steps Down By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. 4 Things to Expect From Procter & Gamble's Earnings Report Growing Pains, Activist Investor On Agenda for Earth's Biggest Marketer By Jack Neff. Published on April 25, 2017. P&G has slashed razor prices by 12%, but can it convince investors it can grow other ways? Credit: Procter & Gamble Co./YouTube Most Popular Procter & Gamble Co. is set to report earnings Wednesday under more pressure than usual for Earth's biggest marketing spender. For one thing, there's an activist investor in the house: Nelson Peltz and his Trian Partners. He's yet to drop the seemingly inevitable white paper telling P&G managers how to run and possibly break up their business. On the plus side, P&G is on a roll of under-promising and over-delivering in recent quarters. It will be hard to keep that up, given relatively strong year-ago results in the fiscal third January-March quarter ("JFM" in P&G-speak) and hence a tougher comparison. It will also be harder because global rival Unilever just reported first-quarter organic sales results above expectations – by around 3% -- despite flatish unit volume. Unilever disappointed the prior two quarters, and was thus, in the largely zero-sum game of slow-growing packaged goods, a market-share donor in P&G's turnaround story. Not so much last quarter, it seems. Another key rival, Kimberly-Clark Corp., missed on revenue expectations with organic sales down 1% when it reported Monday, probably good news for P&G. Rivals such as Johnson & Johnson's consumer business and RB (Reckitt Benckiser) already have reported lackluster results, the latter failing to grow organic sales for the first time in 15 years. Blame goes to retailers reducing inventories, late U.S. tax refunds and other consumer worries – even failure of RB's Scholls foot pedicure device in Europe, which is no skin off P&G one way or another. But Unilever, usually all gloom and doom about the economy, noted positive signs in global consumer spending. P&G's results will help answer how bad things really are – if at all. Here's what else to anticipate: Peltz's name probably won't be uttered But his presence will loom large. January's earnings call was in retrospect a lecture on why P&G shouldn't break up and doesn't need free consulting. If P&G can beat expectations on the top line again, that will speak for itself. P&G will be expected to show it can grow ... And it will need to do so for reasons other than cutting costs and prices. Analysts have called for both things for years, but now that it's happening, such as with P&G's recent 12% reduction in average price on Gillette razors and blades, they also want more signs P&G can win in other ways. Expected details on a more aggressive product-launch program in the months ahead are welcome. ... But there will still be discussion of cost cutting Unilever earlier this month quantified its ongoing marketing-services squeeze by promising to cut in half the number of agencies it works with and and decrease the number of ads by 30% -- things P&G already has done essentially. Further cuts of that scope are unlikely for P&G, but the company has promised to save big money, or at least get more bang for the buck, on what it spends in trade promotion with retailers. This is a more challenging trick than ever as retailers push harder for suppliers to cut prices or fork over more marketing dollars. Media spending will keep rising Or at least it will as a share of sales. This is something P&G pledged to do at the outset of the year, come what may in the economy, thanks in part to cuts in overhead costs. In this article: Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
KTN News KTN Home Radio Maisha SDE Evewoman The Nairobian uReport EPaper Corporate HOME KENYA WORLD BUSINESS OPINION SCI & TECH HEALTH Education SPORTS MAGAZINE ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyle Home Kenya Kenya Elections Politics Central Coast Eastern Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western World Africa Asia America Europe Business Business News Business Beat Stocks Money & Careers Home & Away Smart Harvest Sci & Tech Opinion Editorial Column Letters Commentary Madd Madd World Health Sports Entertainment Education Lifestyle Crazy World Wednesday Life Home & Away Smart Harvest Sunday Magazine Environment Generation Next Environment Kenya Elections Your are here  » Home   » Careers Kenya’s dollar millionaire speaks of his success By Jacqueline Mahugu | Updated Wed, April 26th 2017 at 07:55 GMT +3 SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Society Stores Founder Trushar Khetia during an interview with The Standard (PHOTO DAVD NJAAGA/STANDARD} Forbes Africa has ranked Trushar Khetia, 30, one of Kenya’s few dollar millionaires. Many of us would be happy enough with this distinction, but Trushar doesn’t quite believe he’s at the height of success yet. He has a favourite quote: “Entrepreneurship is like living a few years of your life like most people won’t so that you can spend the rest of your life like most people can’t”. He says he is currently between the first and last part of that quote. Trushar has an easy smile for whoever he is talking to and a manner about him that would make you forget how successful he has been as an entrepreneur. At 29, he was named by Forbes Africa as one of 2016’s top 30 under 30 most promising entrepreneurs in Africa, despite his having launched his first business just three years earlier. Trushar is the founder and chief executive of Tria Group and Tria Transit Media, which deals with out-of-home advertising. He also runs a chain of supermarkets as the founder and CEO of Society Stores, which has six outlets countrywide From scratch Aside from retail and advertising, he is passionate about music and hopes he can go back to regular dee-jaying like he did when he was younger. Still, he tries to find ways to do it in the midst of his busy schedule. “I have been able to play for artistes like Jua Kali, Kleptomaniacs, Wyre and Bahati,” says Trushar. “Every time I’m opening one of my retail outlets, I have one of these artists perform. Bahati performed recently for my Limuru store, which opened in December.” Trushar comes from an enterprising family, but that mattered little when he decided to go into business. “I chose to leave our family business (Khetia Supermarkets) in Kitale and came to Nairobi to start from scratch. I started Tria with my savings from the places I had worked before, including Procter & Gamble in the UK, plus clients that I had already closed. I was able to sell my idea to people who got on board and became my clients before I started,” he says. “I attribute what I learnt about retail to having come from a family that was in the business, but when it comes to starting up these companies, getting them to where they are, I have done that by myself, independently.” Trushar founded Tria Group in 2012 with Sh5 million, and it launched Tria Transit Media as its first venture. The business focuses on advertising via public transport. “I believe the best form of outdoor media should be on-the-move media. In transit, you get a captive audience. These are guys who are stuck in buses and at bus stops. Our tagline is: We don’t wait for people to come to our message; we take our message to people,” he says. The media company became a runaway success in just one year, but its advertising model was soon encroached upon by copycats. “They were doing the same thing but in a shoddy and haphazard way and this started devaluing the market. They were undercutting, and sometimes it was because they were briefcase companies – an individual with no overheads, just a contract.” Tria decided to diversify while staying true to the idea of captive audiences and started turning informal bus stages, where people had no shelter, into formal shelters with adverts on them. The company added advertising in malls, supermarkets and experiential media, where consumers experience the brand. And last week, Tria unveiled a partnership with Jambojet, expanding advertising to planes. The exclusive deal will allow Tria to advertise its clients’ brands on all in-plane options, including beverage cups, napkins, luggage compartments, menu cards, table trays and headrest covers. “We are proud to say that together with Jambojet, we are the first in Kenya to do something like in-plane ads. It has been a journey, and we consider this as Tria’s biggest achievement so far,” Trushar says. Dealing with failure Tria funded the launch of Society Stores at a cost of Sh20 million. “Instead of the money coming back to me, which is what we call short-term gratification, I used the funds to buy a supermarket. I bought out an existing business in Thika in November 2014,” says Trushar. Forbes records the store as having had a turnover of Sh1.4 billion in 2015. But Trushar still thinks he has more ground to cover. “For me, success is a journey rather than a destination. It never comes to an end. The pursuit of success is continuous. The fact that you keep at it is what makes you successful. “Maybe the day I choose to retire is the day I’ll say I have made it. I wouldn’t say I would ever completely not be in business, but making it would probably mean my business can run without my presence. Right now, if I am not there for two or three days, things start going wrong because we are still very young.” And though all seems to be going well, Trushar says he is familiar with failure, and has embraced it. “I fail every day at least in one thing – maybe I overlook or ignore something. But that is OK because that is how I learn. That makes me better, stronger and faster for the next thing. Failure goes hand in hand with success. “The difference between those who make it and those who don’t is whether one decides to quit or not. Plus, I am willing to admit my mistakes and change very quickly.” Indulge a little As for how far he has come, Trushar says it is all about his passion, drive and dedication to what he does. “I am very consistent. As much as I have been knocked down, I never give up. A lot of times I feel like giving up and feel like it is getting too tough, but the fact that I do not is what I attribute to where I am. I tell myself, ‘don’t forget where you started and where you want to go’. I remind myself why I got into this in the first place.” Despite having had to sacrifice at first to build Tria and then Society Stores with Tria’s profits, Trushar can now afford to live a little and indulge his love for cars. His two main cars are a red BMW Z4, a convertible two-seater, and a Jaguar XF. “I use the Z4 for the weekends because it is a really low car and there can only be two people in it. During weekdays, I use the Jaguar. I love my cars and, hopefully, I will grow that collection,” says Trushar. He is, however, determined to not get too attached to things. “Sometimes I joke around with my dad and when I am taking very big risks he says I am really pushing it. But I tell him that it is ok, because even if I lose it all, I will not lose myself and I can rebuild. As long as you do not lose yourself, then you have lost nothing. Everything else is materialistic.” RELATED TOPICS: Forbes Africa Trushar Khetia Tria Group Tria Transit Media SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Do you have something to add to this story? Comment here. ADVERTISEMENT latest News Titanic battle as Sonko and Kenneth face off in Nairobi Jubilee nominations Former Miss Kenya and Mumbi Maina to feature in Africa’s biggest TV series Oburu Odinga, Jakoyo Midiwo beaten in ODM primaries Woman fights brother for Sh100m property I started life with a matress and plastic chair Martha Karua mourns the death of her niece in grisly Mombasa Road accident Rihanna and Lupita to star in twitter movie together? Incumbent Governor Rasanga wins Siaya ODM nominations Why corporates eat hustlers for breakfast To hell with these snooty celebs VIEW ALL Trending Now You are not my type: MP Alice Ng'ang'a tells off William Kabogo Oburu Odinga, Jakoyo Midiwo beaten in ODM primaries Coast ODM line up takes shape in spite of Mombasa, Taita Taveta troubles Anyang Nyong'o wins Kisumu gubernatorial ODM primaries Nairobi County ODM primaries called off Millie Odhiambo's bodyguard killed in poll chaos What former TV presenter Kirigo Nga’rua has been up to ADVERTISEMENT KTN News Live Stream Careers Kenya’s dollar millionaire speaks of his success 10 businesses to get into if you want Government financing The fashion start-up that’s drawing global attention My business made Sh10m, and then it all went wrong So you want to start a gym? Why corporates eat hustlers for breakfast It is cruel jungle if you are a hawker's child in Nairobi Teacher accuses Equity Bank of causing him agony VIEW ALL Comment Policy Entertainment News You are not my type: MP Alice Ng'ang'a tells off William Kabogo What former TV presenter Kirigo Nga’rua has been up to Martha Karua mourns the death of her niece in grisly Mombasa Road accident My husband doesn’t have hair on his chest Former Miss Kenya and Mumbi Maina to feature in Africa’s biggest TV series VIEW ALL Latest videos KTN NEWS / 10 hours ago KTN Prime: Kiambu Primaries 25/4/2017 KTN NEWS / 10 hours ago The RoundTable: The Democracy Dream part 2 KTN NEWS / 10 hours ago The RoundTable: The Democracy Dream KTN NEWS / 10 hours ago Upto 40% of all cars sold in Kenya are now being sold online using online platforms News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Lifestyle Special Reports The Nairobian Entertainment Gossip Pulse The Nairobian Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery Crazy Monday More Sites Mobile Standard Digital Music PDS Classifieds RSS Standard e-paper Jobs Games Corporate Other Links Tenders at Standard Group Contact Us Rate Card Vacancies at Standard Group Terms of Service Campus Vibe uReport DCX O.M. Portal RMS Corporate Email © Copyright 2017 - Standard Group Limited
Latest News Dow 20,996 +232.23 +1.12% Nasdaq 6,025 +41.67 +0.70% S&P 500 2,389 +14.46 +0.61% 3:04 A.M. ET Croda shares rise 4.8% after quarterly results, outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,462.96 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,271.95 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,266.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 386.48 2:30 A.M. ET Tullow Oil backs oil production guidance 2:29 A.M. ET Opinion If the Macron Trade is going to continue, he’s going to have to deliver 2:29 A.M. ET Credit Suisse plans $4 bln share capital increase 2:29 A.M. ET BAT plans to move to quarterly dividends from 2018 2:28 A.M. ET LSE profit jumps; eyes new investments 2:27 A.M. ET Antofagasta copper production rises 9.4% 2:26 A.M. ET Banco Santander profit up 14.3% on Spanish boost 2:24 A.M. ET Peugeot revenue up on higher margin car sales 2:24 A.M. ET Fresnillo on track to reach production guidance 2:23 A.M. ET Wynn Macau 1Q profit up 26% on year 2:22 A.M. ET Australian inflation rises more slowly than seen 2:21 A.M. ET Elliott rejects Arconic offer, extends proxy fight 2:21 A.M. ET América Móvil profit jumps on forex gains 2:19 A.M. ET BHP Billiton cuts coking coal, copper guidance 1:57 A.M. ET KPN earnings rise, will return €200 million Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Dietary Fibers market estimated to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% By Published: Apr 25, 2017 9:28 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04823144/Dietary-Fibers-Global-Market-Outlook.html Growing demand for fiber supplements to overcome nutrition deficiency and increasing health consciousness among the people are the drivers propelling the market growth. Moreover change in life style requires more fiber nutrients to balance the diet is another prominent factor driving the market growth. However stringent regulatory approvals are hindering the market growth. Insoluble fiber in product segment is anticipated to move with a highest CAGR during forecast period owing to maintenance of balanced PH by consuming these kinds of fibers. Fruits and vegetables in source segment accounted for the largest market share in 2015, cereals and grains segment is expected to show healthy growth rate during forecast period. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period owing to increase in disposable incomes. Some of the key players in the market include Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Cargill, Incorporated, Danisco, E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company, GlaxosmithKline(GSK), Grain Processing Corporation, Ingredion Incorporated, J. Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH & Co. Kg, Novartis, Novus International, Procter and Gamble, Roquette Frères Company, Royal DSM, Sas Nexira, Südzucker AG Company, Sunopta, Inc. And Tate & Lyle PLC Company. Products Covered: - Soluble o Pectin o Inulin o Beta-Glucan o Polydextrose o Other Solubles - Conventional - Insoluble o Resistant Starch o Lignin o Chitin o Chitosan o Hemicellulose o Cellulose o Other Insoluble - Novel Sources Covered: - Fruits & Vegetables o Beet o Carrot o Okra o Apple o Raspberries o Pear - Cereals & Grains o Bran o Rice o Wheat - Other Sources o Soy o Legumes o Nuts o Beans and Peas Applications Covered: - Pharmaceuticals - Animal Feed - Functional Foods - Functional Beverages - Pet Food - Bakery & Confectionary - Dairy Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04823144/Dietary-Fibers-Global-Market-Outlook.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-dietary-fibers-market-estimated-to-reach-589-billion-by-2022-growing-at-a-cagr-of-137-300445775.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Is the free food offer at Walt Disney World really worth it? Everyone loves these stocks — that’s why you should avoid them Costco to pay special dividend of $7, increases quarterly dividend by 5 cents Intel earnings: While waiting for Mobileye, an eye on competition Amateur Sailors Can Now Fly on Water Like America's Cup Skippers MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Global Dietary Fibers market estimated to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% News provided by Reportlinker 25 Apr, 2017, 21:28 ET Share this article NEW YORK, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04823144/Dietary-Fibers-Global-Market-Outlook.html Growing demand for fiber supplements to overcome nutrition deficiency and increasing health consciousness among the people are the drivers propelling the market growth. Moreover change in life style requires more fiber nutrients to balance the diet is another prominent factor driving the market growth. However stringent regulatory approvals are hindering the market growth. Insoluble fiber in product segment is anticipated to move with a highest CAGR during forecast period owing to maintenance of balanced PH by consuming these kinds of fibers. Fruits and vegetables in source segment accounted for the largest market share in 2015, cereals and grains segment is expected to show healthy growth rate during forecast period. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period owing to increase in disposable incomes. Some of the key players in the market include Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Cargill, Incorporated, Danisco, E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company, GlaxosmithKline(GSK), Grain Processing Corporation, Ingredion Incorporated, J. Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH & Co. Kg, Novartis, Novus International, Procter and Gamble, Roquette Frères Company, Royal DSM, Sas Nexira, Südzucker AG Company, Sunopta, Inc. And Tate & Lyle PLC Company. Products Covered: - Soluble o Pectin o Inulin o Beta-Glucan o Polydextrose o Other Solubles - Conventional - Insoluble o Resistant Starch o Lignin o Chitin o Chitosan o Hemicellulose o Cellulose o Other Insoluble - Novel Sources Covered: - Fruits & Vegetables o Beet o Carrot o Okra o Apple o Raspberries o Pear - Cereals & Grains o Bran o Rice o Wheat - Other Sources o Soy o Legumes o Nuts o Beans and Peas Applications Covered: - Pharmaceuticals - Animal Feed - Functional Foods - Functional Beverages - Pet Food - Bakery & Confectionary - Dairy Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04823144/Dietary-Fibers-Global-Market-Outlook.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-dietary-fibers-market-estimated-to-reach-589-billion-by-2022-growing-at-a-cagr-of-137-300445775.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com 25 Apr, 2017, 21:34 ET Preview: Global overhead cables market to grow at a CAGR of 5.92% during the period 2017-2021 25 Apr, 2017, 21:25 ET Preview: Global Thermoform Packaging market is estimated at $33.91 billion in 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 25 Apr, 2017, 22:58 ET Global Flexible Electronics - Advanced Technologies 25 Apr, 2017, 22:58 ET Global space heaters market to grow at a CAGR of 5.45% during the... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Supplementary Medicine Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Dietary Fibers market estimated to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% News provided by Reportlinker 25 Apr, 2017, 21:28 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by Donating Three Million of Them to Premature Babies in the UK News provided by Pampers UK 25 Apr, 2017, 19:01 ET Share this article LONDON, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pampers has developed its smallest nappy yet, the Pampers Preemie Protection Size P3. Designed specifically to meet the needs of the tiniest little fighters, the Size P3 nappy is three sizes smaller than a regular newborn nappy and is suitable for babies weighing smaller than 1.8lb (800g). Pampers is demonstrating its continued commitment to the happy, healthy development of every baby in the UK, including those born prematurely, by donating three million[1] of its smallest nappies to UK hospitals' Neonatal Units, giving every premature baby born access to free nappies. UK's smallest nappy for babies weighing less than 1.8lb (PRNewsfoto/Pampers UK)      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/493893/Pampers_UK.jpg ) Approximately one in 11 babies (60,000)[2] are born prematurely in the UK each year and due to advances in medical science, survival rates of these little fighters are increasing[3]. Neo-natal nurse and developmental specialist Cherry Bond said "Premature babies have very unique requirements, which need to be valued and considered in every element of their care; the right nappy is no exception. The nappies that are currently available do not fit the smallest babies properly so are often cut and folded to size, which can cause discomfort and impede optimal development". That's why Pampers has designed a range of nappies specifically to meet the needs of premature babies, and is donating them to hospitals. Pampers is partnering with the UK's leading charity for babies born premature or sick, Bliss to get the nappies to the babies that need them, initially partnering with a limited number of hospitals across the country, before rolling out nationwide to all UK hospitals from summer 2017. The brand is also asking all parents to share photos of their little ones with a clenched fist on social media, to celebrate the amazing fighting spirit that premature babies show every day, and will be donating £1 to the charity for every picture shared using #powerofbabies. Together Pampers and Bliss aim to support the littlest fighters in the Neonatal Unit and those who care for them. Caroline Lee-Davey, CEO of Bliss said, "We were thrilled to hear about the new range of Pampers nappies for premature babies, which will make a real difference to the lives of babies and those that care for them. Caring for such a small and fragile baby can be daunting, but Bliss knows that getting families more actively involved in caring for their premature baby aids development, creates valuable bonding time and helps babies get better faster. The nappy change is one way parents can take a lead and nappies that are fit for purpose will make this so much easier." New Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are designed to minimise disruption to help with sleep, positioning, and medical care for premature babies. Regular newborn nappies currently used by Neonatal nurses have a wide core that can push baby's legs apart, not allowing baby's hips and legs to rest comfortably, which 99% of nurses agree disrupts healthy growth and development[4]. The happy and healthy development of every baby, including the tiniest little fighters, is our priority, that is why when nurses asked us to design a nappy for the most vulnerable babies, we rose to the challenge" said Ian Morley, Commercial Director at P&G. "It took us three years and over 10,000 hours of research to develop the new P3 nappy, which is designed to provide comfort and protection for the smallest babies. As a parent of two preemies myself, I am extremely proud that we have created a nappy which meets the very unique needs of premature babies and those that care for them". Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are available in sizes P1 (<5lb/ 2.7kg) and P2 (<4lb/ 1.8kg) and P3 (<1.8lb/ 0.8kg) and will start to be donated to hospitals from Summer 2017. To arrange product sample delivery, UK hospitals are advised to contact pampers.preemie@skyes.com . About Pampers® For more than 50 years, parents have trusted Pampers to care for their babies. Pampers is a part of The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE: PG) and is the #1-selling nappy worldwide. Every day, more than 25 million babies in 100 countries around the world wear Pampers. Pampers offers a complete range of nappies, wipes and training pants designed to provide protection and comfort for every stage of baby's development. Visit http://www.pampers.com to learn more about Pampers products, join the Pampers Rewards program, and find ideas and information to help your baby get the most out of love, sleep and play. About Procter & Gamble (P&G) UK and Ireland P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene® and SK-II®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.co.uk for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands in the UK & Ireland. About Bliss Bliss is the UK's leading charity for babies born premature or sick. They believe that premature and sick babies deserve the best chance of survival and quality of life, and aim to make this a reality by: Supporting parents of babies born premature or sick to be as involved as possible in care and decision-making for their babies. Supporting neonatal professionals to deliver high quality baby-centred care and involve parents actively in their babies' care. Placing premature and sick babies' voices at the heart of decision-making to ensure that their best interests are always put first. Supporting research that can tangibly improve outcomes for babies born premature or sick. For more information, visit http://www.bliss.org.uk About Cherry Bond Cherry originally trained as a children's nurse and has spent the majority of her career specialising in and working with both preterm and sick infants needing highly specialised care in the neonatal unit. She pioneered an approach called 'Positive Touch' and the 5-step dialogue, which promotes cue-based nurturing care involving parents at every level of their baby's development. She is also a qualified infant massage therapist and has taught infant massage to Neonatal parents and their babies for several decades. SOURCE Pampers UK My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by Donating Three Million of Them to Premature Babies in the UK News provided by Pampers UK 25 Apr, 2017, 19:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by Donating Three Million of Them to Premature Babies in the UK 26 aprile 2017 Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by Donating Three Million of Them to Premature Babies in the UK PR Newswire LONDON, April 26, 2017   Pampers has developed its smallest nappy yet, the Pampers Preemie Protection Size P3. Designed specifically to meet the needs of the tiniest little fighters, the Size P3 nappy is three sizes smaller than a regular newborn nappy and is suitable for babies weighing smaller than 1.8lb (800g). Pampers is demonstrating its continued commitment to the happy, healthy development of every baby in the UK, including those born prematurely, by donating three million[1] of its smallest nappies to UK hospitals’ Neonatal Units, giving every premature baby born access to free nappies.      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/493893/Pampers_UK.jpg ) Approximately one in 11 babies (60,000)[2] are born prematurely in the UK each year and due to advances in medical science, survival rates of these little fighters are increasing[3]. Neo-natal nurse and developmental specialist Cherry Bond said “Premature babies have very unique requirements, which need to be valued and considered in every element of their care; the right nappy is no exception. The nappies that are currently available do not fit the smallest babies properly so are often cut and folded to size, which can cause discomfort and impede optimal development“. That’s why Pampers has designed a range of nappies specifically to meet the needs of premature babies, and is donating them to hospitals. Pampers is partnering with the UK’s leading charity for babies born premature or sick, Bliss to get the nappies to the babies that need them, initially partnering with a limited number of hospitals across the country, before rolling out nationwide to all UK hospitals from summer 2017. The brand is also asking all parents to share photos of their little ones with a clenched fist on social media, to celebrate the amazing fighting spirit that premature babies show every day, and will be donating £1 to the charity for every picture shared using #powerofbabies. Together Pampers and Bliss aim to support the littlest fighters in the Neonatal Unit and those who care for them. Caroline Lee-Davey, CEO of Bliss said, “We were thrilled to hear about the new range of Pampers nappies for premature babies, which will make a real difference to the lives of babies and those that care for them. Caring for such a small and fragile baby can be daunting, but Bliss knows that getting families more actively involved in caring for their premature baby aids development, creates valuable bonding time and helps babies get better faster. The nappy change is one way parents can take a lead and nappies that are fit for purpose will make this so much easier.“ New Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are designed to minimise disruption to help with sleep, positioning, and medical care for premature babies. Regular newborn nappies currently used by Neonatal nurses have a wide core that can push baby’s legs apart, not allowing baby’s hips and legs to rest comfortably, which 99% of nurses agree disrupts healthy growth and development[4]. The happy and healthy development of every baby, including the tiniest little fighters, is our priority, that is why when nurses asked us to design a nappy for the most vulnerable babies, we rose to the challenge“ said Ian Morley, Commercial Director at P&G. “It took us three years and over 10,000 hours of research to develop the new P3 nappy, which is designed to provide comfort and protection for the smallest babies. As a parent of two preemies myself, I am extremely proud that we have created a nappy which meets the very unique needs of premature babies and those that care for them“. Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are available in sizes P1 (<5lb/ 2.7kg) and P2 (<4lb/ 1.8kg) and P3 (<1.8lb/ 0.8kg) and will start to be donated to hospitals from Summer 2017. To arrange product sample delivery, UK hospitals are advised to contact pampers.preemie@skyes.com . About Pampers® For more than 50 years, parents have trusted Pampers to care for their babies. Pampers is a part of The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) and is the #1-selling nappy worldwide. Every day, more than 25 million babies in 100 countries around the world wear Pampers. Pampers offers a complete range of nappies, wipes and training pants designed to provide protection and comfort for every stage of baby’s development. Visit http://www.pampers.com to learn more about Pampers products, join the Pampers Rewards program, and find ideas and information to help your baby get the most out of love, sleep and play. About Procter & Gamble (P&G) UK and Ireland P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene® and SK-II®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.co.uk for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands in the UK & Ireland. About Bliss Bliss is the UK’s leading charity for babies born premature or sick. They believe that premature and sick babies deserve the best chance of survival and quality of life, and aim to make this a reality by: Supporting parents of babies born premature or sick to be as involved as possible in care and decision-making for their babies. Supporting neonatal professionals to deliver high quality baby-centred care and involve parents actively in their babies’ care. Placing premature and sick babies’ voices at the heart of decision-making to ensure that their best interests are always put first. Supporting research that can tangibly improve outcomes for babies born premature or sick. For more information, visit http://www.bliss.org.uk About Cherry Bond Cherry originally trained as a children’s nurse and has spent the majority of her career specialising in and working with both preterm and sick infants needing highly specialised care in the neonatal unit. She pioneered an approach called ‘Positive Touch’ and the 5-step dialogue, which promotes cue-based nurturing care involving parents at every level of their baby’s development. She is also a qualified infant massage therapist and has taught infant massage to Neonatal parents and their babies for several decades. SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Emma Bunton Launches the Pampers UNICEF ‘1 Pack = 1 Vaccine’ 10th Anniversary Campaign Industry Welcomes Child, Baby & Maternity Expo (CBME) Global Life Sciences Consulting Firm, Maetrics, Celebrates Its Iconic New Brand Introduction And Acquisition Of UK’s High Edge Consulting, At MEDTEC UK Conference Research and Markets – Global Pet Care Market Growth at CAGR of 4.72%, 2016-2020: Challenges, Trends & Drivers – Key Vendors are Ancol Pet Products, Beaphar, JM Smucke, Mars & Nestl? Purina Nel mensile di aprile Agrofarmaci, la contraffazione “ruba” all’Europa 3 miliardi all’anno La ricerca sul Snc è ad alto rischio di fallire il bersaglio Troppe radiazioni dai medical device, l’Europa corre ai ripari Il miglior posto di lavoro? C’è il certificato ma non la classifica Come ti cerco la startup: le mosse di open innovation delle aziende pharma e medtech L’Aifa fissa i criteri per definire i farmaci innovativi Horizon 2020, il programma Tecnologie future ed emergenti è una chance per il pharma In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Shire Granted EU Conditional Marketing Authorisation for... European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO): Annual Flu Jab May... Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Oltre 4 mila i bambini vittime di malformazioni a causa del Valproato Gruppo Chiesi, il 2016 si è chiuso con un +7% di fatturato Fujifilm si butta sui farmaci biotecnologici HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by Donating Three Million of Them to Premature Babies in the UK LONDON, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --   Pampers has developed its smallest nappy yet, the Pampers Preemie Protection Size P3. Designed specifically to meet the needs of the tiniest little fighters, the Size P3 nappy is three sizes smaller than a regular newborn nappy and is suitable for babies weighing smaller than 1.8lb (800g). Pampers is demonstrating its continued commitment to the happy, healthy development of every baby in the UK, including those born prematurely, by donating three million[1] of its smallest nappies to UK hospitals' Neonatal Units, giving every premature baby born access to free nappies.      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/493893/Pampers_UK.jpg ) Approximately one in 11 babies (60,000)[2] are born prematurely in the UK each year and due to advances in medical science, survival rates of these little fighters are increasing[3]. Neo-natal nurse and developmental specialist Cherry Bond said "Premature babies have very unique requirements, which need to be valued and considered in every element of their care; the right nappy is no exception. The nappies that are currently available do not fit the smallest babies properly so are often cut and folded to size, which can cause discomfort and impede optimal development". That's why Pampers has designed a range of nappies specifically to meet the needs of premature babies, and is donating them to hospitals. Pampers is partnering with the UK's leading charity for babies born premature or sick, Bliss to get the nappies to the babies that need them, initially partnering with a limited number of hospitals across the country, before rolling out nationwide to all UK hospitals from summer 2017. The brand is also asking all parents to share photos of their little ones with a clenched fist on social media, to celebrate the amazing fighting spirit that premature babies show every day, and will be donating £1 to the charity for every picture shared using #powerofbabies. Together Pampers and Bliss aim to support the littlest fighters in the Neonatal Unit and those who care for them. Caroline Lee-Davey, CEO of Bliss said, "We were thrilled to hear about the new range of Pampers nappies for premature babies, which will make a real difference to the lives of babies and those that care for them. Caring for such a small and fragile baby can be daunting, but Bliss knows that getting families more actively involved in caring for their premature baby aids development, creates valuable bonding time and helps babies get better faster. The nappy change is one way parents can take a lead and nappies that are fit for purpose will make this so much easier." New Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are designed to minimise disruption to help with sleep, positioning, and medical care for premature babies. Regular newborn nappies currently used by Neonatal nurses have a wide core that can push baby's legs apart, not allowing baby's hips and legs to rest comfortably, which 99% of nurses agree disrupts healthy growth and development[4]. The happy and healthy development of every baby, including the tiniest little fighters, is our priority, that is why when nurses asked us to design a nappy for the most vulnerable babies, we rose to the challenge" said Ian Morley, Commercial Director at P&G. "It took us three years and over 10,000 hours of research to develop the new P3 nappy, which is designed to provide comfort and protection for the smallest babies. As a parent of two preemies myself, I am extremely proud that we have created a nappy which meets the very unique needs of premature babies and those that care for them". Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are available in sizes P1 (<5lb/ 2.7kg) and P2 (<4lb/ 1.8kg) and P3 (<1.8lb/ 0.8kg) and will start to be donated to hospitals from Summer 2017. To arrange product sample delivery, UK hospitals are advised to contact pampers.preemie@skyes.com . About Pampers® For more than 50 years, parents have trusted Pampers to care for their babies. Pampers is a part of The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) and is the #1-selling nappy worldwide. Every day, more than 25 million babies in 100 countries around the world wear Pampers. Pampers offers a complete range of nappies, wipes and training pants designed to provide protection and comfort for every stage of baby's development. Visit http://www.pampers.com to learn more about Pampers products, join the Pampers Rewards program, and find ideas and information to help your baby get the most out of love, sleep and play. About Procter & Gamble (P&G) UK and Ireland P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene® and SK-II®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.co.uk for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands in the UK & Ireland. About Bliss Bliss is the UK's leading charity for babies born premature or sick. They believe that premature and sick babies deserve the best chance of survival and quality of life, and aim to make this a reality by: Supporting parents of babies born premature or sick to be as involved as possible in care and decision-making for their babies. Supporting neonatal professionals to deliver high quality baby-centred care and involve parents actively in their babies' care. Placing premature and sick babies' voices at the heart of decision-making to ensure that their best interests are always put first. Supporting research that can tangibly improve outcomes for babies born premature or sick. For more information, visit http://www.bliss.org.uk About Cherry Bond Cherry originally trained as a children's nurse and has spent the majority of her career specialising in and working with both preterm and sick infants needing highly specialised care in the neonatal unit. She pioneered an approach called 'Positive Touch' and the 5-step dialogue, which promotes cue-based nurturing care involving parents at every level of their baby's development. She is also a qualified infant massage therapist and has taught infant massage to Neonatal parents and their babies for several decades. CategoriesUncategorized TagsChildren-Related News, Corporate Social Responsibility, Health Care/Hospitals, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, New Products/Services, Not For Profit, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hardware Security Modules Market 2017 – Industry Demand, Segment, Statistics Report 2025 Next PostNext Grow Light Market: Upcoming Demands and Growth Analysis 2017-2025 Search Recent Posts Apple Mac Repairs London iPad Repair in Shepherds Bush and Acton, London Paul McCartney Tickets at Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre in Chicago, IL Available at TicketDown.com OSHA recognizes Workers’ Memorial Day in Ohio Workplace Justice Advocates Announces $22.4 Million Award by Los Angeles Jury in Whistleblower, Wrongful Termination Lawsuit Bus Bridge cancelled this weekend Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,996 +232.23 +1.12% Nasdaq 6,025 +41.67 +0.70% S&P 500 2,389 +14.46 +0.61% 3:04 A.M. ET Croda shares rise 4.8% after quarterly results, outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,462.96 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,271.95 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,266.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 386.48 2:30 A.M. ET Tullow Oil backs oil production guidance 2:29 A.M. ET Opinion If the Macron Trade is going to continue, he’s going to have to deliver 2:29 A.M. ET Credit Suisse plans $4 bln share capital increase 2:29 A.M. ET BAT plans to move to quarterly dividends from 2018 2:28 A.M. ET LSE profit jumps; eyes new investments 2:27 A.M. ET Antofagasta copper production rises 9.4% 2:26 A.M. ET Banco Santander profit up 14.3% on Spanish boost 2:24 A.M. ET Peugeot revenue up on higher margin car sales 2:24 A.M. ET Fresnillo on track to reach production guidance 2:23 A.M. ET Wynn Macau 1Q profit up 26% on year 2:22 A.M. ET Australian inflation rises more slowly than seen 2:21 A.M. ET Elliott rejects Arconic offer, extends proxy fight 2:21 A.M. ET América Móvil profit jumps on forex gains 2:19 A.M. ET BHP Billiton cuts coking coal, copper guidance 1:57 A.M. ET KPN earnings rise, will return €200 million Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by Donating Three Million of Them to Premature Babies in the UK By Published: Apr 25, 2017 7:01 p.m. ET Share LONDON, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- LONDON, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pampers has developed its smallest nappy yet, the Pampers Preemie Protection Size P3. Designed specifically to meet the needs of the tiniest little fighters, the Size P3 nappy is three sizes smaller than a regular newborn nappy and is suitable for babies weighing smaller than 1.8lb (800g). Pampers is demonstrating its continued commitment to the happy, healthy development of every baby in the UK, including those born prematurely, by donating three million [[] [1] []] of its smallest nappies to UK hospitals' Neonatal Units, giving every premature baby born access to free nappies.      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/493893/Pampers_UK.jpg ) Approximately one in 11 babies (60,000) [[] [2] []] are born prematurely in the UK each year and due to advances in medical science, survival rates of these little fighters are increasing [[] [3] []] . Neo-natal nurse and developmental specialist Cherry Bond said "Premature babies have very unique requirements, which need to be valued and considered in every element of their care; the right nappy is no exception. The nappies that are currently availabledo not fit the smallest babiesproperlyso are often cut and folded to size, which can cause discomfort and impede optimal development". That's why Pampers has designed a range of nappies specifically to meet the needs of premature babies, and is donating them to hospitals. Pampers is partnering with the UK's leading charity for babies born premature or sick, Bliss to get the nappies to the babies that need them, initially partnering with a limited number of hospitals across the country, before rolling out nationwide to all UK hospitals from summer 2017. The brand is also asking all parents to share photos of their little ones with a clenched fist on social media, to celebrate the amazing fighting spirit that premature babies show every day, and will be donating £1 to the charity for every picture shared using #powerofbabies. Together Pampers and Bliss aim to support the littlest fighters in the Neonatal Unit and those who care for them. Caroline Lee-Davey, CEO of Bliss said, "We were thrilled to hear about the new range of Pampers nappies for premature babies, which will make a real difference to the lives of babies and those that care for them.Caring for such a small and fragile baby can be daunting, but Bliss knows that getting families more actively involved in caring for their premature baby aids development, creates valuable bonding time and helps babies get better faster. The nappy change is one way parents can take a lead and nappies that are fit for purpose will make this so much easier." New Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are designed to minimise disruption to help with sleep, positioning, and medical care for premature babies. Regular newborn nappies currently used by Neonatal nurses have a wide core that can push baby's legs apart, not allowing baby's hips and legs to rest comfortably, which 99% of nurses agree disrupts healthy growth and development [[] [4] []] . The happy and healthy development of every baby, including the tiniest little fighters, is our priority, that is why when nurses asked us to design a nappy for the most vulnerable babies, we rose to the challenge " said Ian Morley, Commercial Director at P&G. "It took us three years and over 10,000 hours of research todevelop the new P3 nappy, which is designed to provide comfort and protection for the smallest babies. As aparent of two preemies myself, I am extremely proud that we have created a nappy which meets the very unique needs of premature babies and those that care for them". Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are available in sizes P1 (<5lb/ 2.7kg) and P2 (<4lb/ 1.8kg) and P3 (<1.8lb/ 0.8kg) and will start to be donated to hospitals from Summer 2017. To arrange product sample delivery, UK hospitals are advised to contact pampers.preemie@skyes.com . About Pampers® For more than 50 years, parents have trusted Pampers to care for their babies. Pampers is a part of The Procter & Gamble Company PG, +0.50% and is the #1-selling nappy worldwide. Every day, more than 25 million babies in 100 countries around the world wear Pampers. Pampers offers a complete range of nappies, wipes and training pants designed to provide protection and comfort for every stage of baby's development. Visit http://www.pampers.com to learn more about Pampers products, join the Pampers Rewards program, and find ideas and information to help your baby get the most out of love, sleep and play. About Procter & Gamble (P&G) UK and Ireland P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene® and SK-II®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.co.uk for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands in the UK & Ireland. About Bliss Bliss is the UK's leading charity for babies born premature or sick. They believe that premature and sick babies deserve the best chance of survival and quality of life, and aim to make this a reality by: Supporting parents of babies born premature or sick to be as involved as possible in care and decision-making for their babies. Supporting neonatal professionals to deliver high quality baby-centred care and involve parents actively in their babies' care. Placing premature and sick babies' voices at the heart of decision-making to ensure that their best interests are always put first. Supporting research that can tangibly improve outcomes for babies born premature or sick. For more information, visit http://www.bliss.org.uk About Cherry Bond Cherry originally trained as a children's nurse and has spent the majority of her career specialising in and working with both preterm and sick infants needing highly specialised care in the neonatal unit. She pioneered an approach called 'Positive Touch' and the 5-step dialogue, which promotes cue-based nurturing care involving parents at every level of their baby's development. She is also a qualified infant massage therapist and has taught infant massage to Neonatal parents and their babies for several decades. SOURCE Pampers UK Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References PG +0.45 +0.50% Most Popular Is the free food offer at Walt Disney World really worth it? Everyone loves these stocks — that’s why you should avoid them Costco to pay special dividend of $7, increases quarterly dividend by 5 cents Intel earnings: While waiting for Mobileye, an eye on competition Amateur Sailors Can Now Fly on Water Like America's Cup Skippers MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $90.00 +0.45 (+0.50%) Volume 8.2M Open $89.58 High $90.25 Low $89.47 P/E Ratio 26.45 Div Yield 3.06 Market Cap 226.6B
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by Donating Three Million of Them to Premature Babies in the UK News provided by Pampers UK 00:01 BST Share this article LONDON, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pampers has developed its smallest nappy yet, the Pampers Preemie Protection Size P3. Designed specifically to meet the needs of the tiniest little fighters, the Size P3 nappy is three sizes smaller than a regular newborn nappy and is suitable for babies weighing smaller than 1.8lb (800g). Pampers is demonstrating its continued commitment to the happy, healthy development of every baby in the UK, including those born prematurely, by donating three million[1] of its smallest nappies to UK hospitals' Neonatal Units, giving every premature baby born access to free nappies. UK's smallest nappy for babies weighing less than 1.8lb (PRNewsfoto/Pampers UK)      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/493893/Pampers_UK.jpg ) Approximately one in 11 babies (60,000)[2] are born prematurely in the UK each year and due to advances in medical science, survival rates of these little fighters are increasing[3]. Neo-natal nurse and developmental specialist Cherry Bond said "Premature babies have very unique requirements, which need to be valued and considered in every element of their care; the right nappy is no exception. The nappies that are currently available do not fit the smallest babies properly so are often cut and folded to size, which can cause discomfort and impede optimal development". That's why Pampers has designed a range of nappies specifically to meet the needs of premature babies, and is donating them to hospitals. Pampers is partnering with the UK's leading charity for babies born premature or sick, Bliss to get the nappies to the babies that need them, initially partnering with a limited number of hospitals across the country, before rolling out nationwide to all UK hospitals from summer 2017. The brand is also asking all parents to share photos of their little ones with a clenched fist on social media, to celebrate the amazing fighting spirit that premature babies show every day, and will be donating £1 to the charity for every picture shared using #powerofbabies. Together Pampers and Bliss aim to support the littlest fighters in the Neonatal Unit and those who care for them. Caroline Lee-Davey, CEO of Bliss said, "We were thrilled to hear about the new range of Pampers nappies for premature babies, which will make a real difference to the lives of babies and those that care for them. Caring for such a small and fragile baby can be daunting, but Bliss knows that getting families more actively involved in caring for their premature baby aids development, creates valuable bonding time and helps babies get better faster. The nappy change is one way parents can take a lead and nappies that are fit for purpose will make this so much easier." New Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are designed to minimise disruption to help with sleep, positioning, and medical care for premature babies. Regular newborn nappies currently used by Neonatal nurses have a wide core that can push baby's legs apart, not allowing baby's hips and legs to rest comfortably, which 99% of nurses agree disrupts healthy growth and development[4]. The happy and healthy development of every baby, including the tiniest little fighters, is our priority, that is why when nurses asked us to design a nappy for the most vulnerable babies, we rose to the challenge" said Ian Morley, Commercial Director at P&G. "It took us three years and over 10,000 hours of research to develop the new P3 nappy, which is designed to provide comfort and protection for the smallest babies. As a parent of two preemies myself, I am extremely proud that we have created a nappy which meets the very unique needs of premature babies and those that care for them". Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are available in sizes P1 (<5lb/ 2.7kg) and P2 (<4lb/ 1.8kg) and P3 (<1.8lb/ 0.8kg) and will start to be donated to hospitals from Summer 2017. To arrange product sample delivery, UK hospitals are advised to contact pampers.preemie@skyes.com . About Pampers® For more than 50 years, parents have trusted Pampers to care for their babies. Pampers is a part of The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE: PG) and is the #1-selling nappy worldwide. Every day, more than 25 million babies in 100 countries around the world wear Pampers. Pampers offers a complete range of nappies, wipes and training pants designed to provide protection and comfort for every stage of baby's development. Visit http://www.pampers.com to learn more about Pampers products, join the Pampers Rewards program, and find ideas and information to help your baby get the most out of love, sleep and play. About Procter & Gamble (P&G) UK and Ireland P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene® and SK-II®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.co.uk for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands in the UK & Ireland. About Bliss Bliss is the UK's leading charity for babies born premature or sick. They believe that premature and sick babies deserve the best chance of survival and quality of life, and aim to make this a reality by: Supporting parents of babies born premature or sick to be as involved as possible in care and decision-making for their babies. Supporting neonatal professionals to deliver high quality baby-centred care and involve parents actively in their babies' care. Placing premature and sick babies' voices at the heart of decision-making to ensure that their best interests are always put first. Supporting research that can tangibly improve outcomes for babies born premature or sick. For more information, visit http://www.bliss.org.uk About Cherry Bond Cherry originally trained as a children's nurse and has spent the majority of her career specialising in and working with both preterm and sick infants needing highly specialised care in the neonatal unit. She pioneered an approach called 'Positive Touch' and the 5-step dialogue, which promotes cue-based nurturing care involving parents at every level of their baby's development. She is also a qualified infant massage therapist and has taught infant massage to Neonatal parents and their babies for several decades. SOURCE Pampers UK My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Pampers Celebrates the Launch of its Smallest Ever Nappy by Donating Three Million of Them to Premature Babies in the UK News provided by Pampers UK 00:01 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Earnings Preview: Consumer Goods And Telecom Ahead The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 25, 2017 2:59pm   Comments Share: Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) shares are falling in trading today after revenues missed Wall Street analyst estimates and McDonald's Corporation (NYSE: MCD) shares are up over 4% in trading today after topping revenue and earnings expectations. Next up in earnings, AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) reports earnings after market close today and consumer goods conglomerate Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG) reports before market open tomorrow. AT&T Earnings: Declining Revenue in Telecom Sector The only sector in the S&P 500 (SPX) expected to report a year-over-year decline in revenues is the telecom sector, according to FactSet research. Several analysts have cut earnings estimates for companies in the sector due to increased competition with lower-priced unlimited data plans. In its Q4 2016 investor briefing, AT&T issued the following outlook for 2017: consolidated revenue growth in the low-single digits and adjusted earnings per share growth in the mid-single digit range. In addition to top and bottom-line growth, the company expects adjusted operating margin expansion and capital expenditures in the $22 billion range for the year. Results from its potential $85 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX), which still requires regulatory approval, were not included in its outlook. Third-party analysts estimate the company will lose 245,000 postpaid phone subscribers compared to a loss of 363,000 in the first quarter of 2016 (postpaid phone subscribers are customers with service contracts with the carrier). Verizon lost 289,000 postpaid phone subscribers when it reported on April 20, while T-Mobile US Inc (NASDAQ: TMUS) added 789,000 postpaid phone subscribers. AT&T reports after market close today with expectations for earnings of $0.74 per share on revenue of $40.66 billion, according to consensus third-party analyst estimates. Those projections are close to flat compared to last year’s reported earnings of $0.72 per share on revenue of $40.54 billion in Q1 2016. Heading into earnings, the options market has priced in about a 2% potential stock move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move indicator on the thinkorswim platform. In short-term options trading, calls were active at the 41 and 42 strike prices and puts were active at the 39.5 strike. The implied volatility sits at the 35th percentile and, since early April, the stock was trading in a tight range between about $39.50 and $41.25.  Note: Call options represent the right, but not the obligation, to buy the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Put options represent the right, but not the obligation to sell the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Procter & Gamble Earnings: Turnaround in Declining Revenues? Revenues at the consumer goods giant have been declining over the past several years; however, management raised its guidance for fiscal 2017 organic sales growth from 2% to a range of 2.5% to 3% in last quarter’s earnings press release. The company maintained guidance for core earnings per share growth of mid-single digits versus fiscal 2016 core EPS of $3.67.   In past quarters, management has highlighted its focus on cost savings initiatives to counter slowing growth and foreign currency headwinds. The company has focused on closing underperforming plants and upgrading and automating others. Procter & Gamble reports before market open tomorrow with expectations for earnings of $0.94 per share, an 8.8% increase year-over-year, on revenue of $15.69 billion, according to consensus third-party analyst estimates. The options market has priced in just under a 2% potential stock move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move indicator on the thinkorswim platform. In short-term options trading, calls were active at the 89.5 and 90 strike prices while puts were active at the 87 strike. The implied volatility sits at the 32nd percentile Posted-In: JJ KinahanAnalyst Color Earnings Previews Options M&A Markets Trading Ideas © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (LMT + MCD) 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Tuesday Restaurant Analyst: McDonald's U.S. Turnaround Is Happening 20 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Tuesday Mid-Day Market Update: NASDAQ Hits 6,000; Heidrick & Struggles Shares Drop On Downbeat Results Lockheed Martin Lower After Q1 Miss And Mixed Guidance 8 Technical Levels From Tuesday's PreMarket Prep View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 MDGS, SCYX: 25 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GCI, ANTM: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 ESRX, AA: 8 Stocks To Watch For April 24, 2017 4 FMCC, FNMA: The Many Facets Of Mae And Mac 5 PEP, KO: Earnings Preview: McDonald's, C... 6 AKS: AK Steel Surrenders Early Gains A... 7 X, LOGI: Earnings Scheduled For Apr... 1 Direxion Leveraged ETFs - Do They Make Sense For You? 2 QQQ: ﻿Should You Worry About A Trump Trap? 3 OCN: Bill To Gut Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Heads To House Committee 4 QQQ, DIA: Strategist: Watch Out For These 3 'Clear-Cut' Bearish Si... 5 EWQ, SPY: Trump Intimates Bet On, Doesn't Endorse France's... 6 NBIX, TXMD: Mark Your Calendar For These Days In May To Play... 7 BRK.A, BRK-A: Berkshire Shares 'Attractively... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Are Improving Trends Enough To Send Coach Bears Back Into Hibernation?
null
Menu FOX Sports Scores Sports NFL Home Draft Scores Schedule Standings Stats Fantasy Football Video Odds Tickets AFC East Buffalo Bills Miami Dolphins New England Patriots New York Jets AFC North Baltimore Ravens Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Pittsburgh Steelers AFC South Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Tennessee Titans AFC West Denver Broncos Kansas City Chiefs Oakland Raiders San Diego Chargers NFC East Dallas Cowboys New York Giants Philadelphia Eagles Washington Redskins NFC North Chicago Bears Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Minnesota Vikings NFC South Atlanta Falcons Carolina Panthers New Orleans Saints Tampa Bay Buccaneers NFC West Arizona Cardinals San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks St. Louis Rams MLB Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Fantasy Baseball Video Odds Tickets AL East Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox New York Yankees Tampa Bay Rays Toronto Blue Jays AL Central Chicago White Sox Cleveland Indians Detroit Tigers Kansas City Royals Minnesota Twins AL West Houston Astros Los Angeles Angels Oakland Athletics Seattle Mariners Texas Rangers NL East Atlanta Braves Miami Marlins New York Mets Philadelphia Phillies Washington Nationals NL Central Chicago Cubs Cincinnati Reds Milwaukee Brewers Pittsburgh Pirates St. Louis Cardinals NL West Arizona Diamondbacks Colorado Rockies Los Angeles Dodgers San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants NASCAR Home RaceTrax Schedule Standings Results Fantasy Auto Drivers Video Tickets Soccer Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Teams Video Transfers Odds Tickets Leagues English Premier League La Liga Bundesliga Serie A MLS Liga MX Ligue 1 Scottish Premier League Eredivisie Cups Copa América UEFA Champions League UEFA Europa League FA Cup Gold Cup FIFA Men's World Cup FIFA Women's World Cup FIFA Confederations Cup Clubs Arsenal Juventus Barcelona Bayern Munich Chelsea Liverpool Manchester City Manchester United Real Madrid U.S. Men’s Team Mexico Men’s Team U.S. Women’s Team NBA Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Video Galleries Odds Tickets Atlantic Boston Celtics Brooklyn Nets New York Knicks Philadelphia 76ers Toronto Raptors Central Chicago Bulls Cleveland Cavaliers Detroit Pistons Milwaukee Bucks Indiana Pacers Southeast Atlanta Hawks Charlotte Hornets Miami Heat Orlando Magic Washington Wizards Southwest Dallas Mavericks Houston Rockets Memphis Grizzlies New Orleans Pelicans San Antonio Spurs Northwest Denver Nuggets Minnesota Timberwolves Oklahoma City Thunder Portland Trail Blazers Utah Jazz Pacific Golden State Warriors Los Angeles Clippers Los Angeles Lakers Phoenix Suns Sacramento Kings NHL Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Video Galleries Odds Tickets Atlantic Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Detroit Red Wings Florida Panthers Montreal Canadiens Ottawa Senators Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Metropolitan Carolina Hurricanes Columbus Blue Jackets New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Philadelphia Flyers Pittsburgh Penguins Washington Capitals Central Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Dallas Stars Minnesota Wild Nashville Predators St. Louis Blues Winnipeg Jets Pacific Anaheim Ducks Arizona Coyotes Los Angeles Kings Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers San Jose Sharks Vancouver Canucks UFC Home FightTrax Schedule Rankings Results Stats Fighters Video Tickets More Golf Home Leaderboard Schedule Rankings Stats USGA Golfers Video Tickets NCAA FB Home Scores Polls Schedule Standings Stats Teams Video Odds Tickets More NCAA BK Home Scores Bracket Polls Schedule Standings Stats Teams Conferences Video Tickets Motor Racing Home Video Galleries Tennis Home Schedule Results Rankings Players Video Galleries WWE Home Boxing Home Video Galleries Horse Racing Home Video Galleries Olympics Home Schedule Results Medals Athletes Video Galleries Westminster Other Sports Home Watch FOX Sports GO FOX Soccer 2Go FS1 Virtual Reality All Videos Shows Speak For Yourself The Herd The Ultimate Fighter Garbage Time Undisputed Race Hub Must Watch @TheBuzzer Videos PROcast Fantasy Home Baseball Draft Guide Fantasy Baseball News Daily Fantasy Baseball Fantasy Football News Daily Fantasy Football Fantasy Video WhatIfSports Fantasy Games Bracket Challenge Second Chance Fantasy Baseball Fantasy Auto Fantasy Football College Pick’em DraftKings View All Simulation Games Hoops Dynasty Gridiron Dynasty Hardball Dynasty SimLeague Baseball SimLeague Basketball SimLeague Football SimLeague Hockey View All More @TheBuzzer Radio Podcasts Newsletter Writers Yardbarker Big Ten Network WhatIfSports Westminster Mobile Shop Tickets Apps FOX Sports FOX Sports GO FOX Sports VR FOX Soccer 2GO FOX Fantasy Football FOX Sports Listen Local Arizona Carolinas Detroit Florida Indiana Kansas City Midwest North Ohio San Diego South Southwest Tennessee West Wisconsin Help Press Jobs RSS Site Map FS1 FOX FOX News 21st Century FOX FOX Supports FOX Deportes Statistical Information provided by STATS © 2017 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy. Advertising Choices EULA Follow Follow FOX Sports Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Tumblr RSS Sign In Hi, Account Info Favorites Sign Out NFLMenu Home Draft Scores Schedule Standings Stats Teams AFC East Buffalo Bills Miami Dolphins New England Patriots New York Jets AFC North Baltimore Ravens Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Pittsburgh Steelers AFC South Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Tennessee Titans AFC West Denver Broncos Kansas City Chiefs Oakland Raiders San Diego Chargers NFC East Dallas Cowboys New York Giants Philadelphia Eagles Washington Redskins NFC North Chicago Bears Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Minnesota Vikings NFC South Atlanta Falcons Carolina Panthers New Orleans Saints Tampa Bay Buccaneers NFC West Arizona Cardinals San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks St. Louis Rams Fantasy Players Videos Galleries Gear Odds Predictions Injuries Transactions Player News Playoffs Super Bowl News More Meet Solomon Thomas, the most unique player in the 2017 NFL Draft Aaron Torres @Aaron_Torres Apr 25, 2017 at 2:30p ET 0 Shares The NFL Draft begins on Thursday, and when it comes to the top picks, it feels like virtually every kid’s backstory is the same: get identified as a top-flight recruit early in your high school career, attend a football factory like Ohio State or Alabama for college, and then eat, sleep and breathe pigskin while on campus before turning pro. That’s also what makes spending time speaking with Stanford’s Solomon Thomas so refreshing. The projected top 5 pick is anything but cookie-cutter; a kid raised on the other side of the globe, who came to football late and eventually ended up in Palo Alto – a melting pot for not only gifted athletes, but for some of the world’s brightest young minds in general. And as we approach the draft Thursday, it also leaves Thomas (currently projected to go No. 2 overall in FOX Sports’ most recent mock draft) as arguably the most unique player in the draft. “It is fun,” Thomas told FOX Sports’ ProCast of the draft process so far. “It’s been great looking back on it.” Thomas’ road to the green room in Philadelphia started in the most unlikely place – Australia. After Thomas’ parents met as athletes as Wooster College in Ohio, his father Chris worked as an International Sales Manager with Procter & Gamble, a job which literally brought the family to the far corners of the globe. Solomon, now 21, was born in Chicago, but moved to Australia when he was 2, and stayed there for over five years. At an age when many of this year’s draft prospects were putting on pads for the first time, Thomas spent most of his youth eating fish and chips, and boogie-boarding in the Corral Sea. “It was great as a kid to be exposed to a different culture, a different way of living,” Thomas said. “Be around a beautiful place. Get to go to the beach all the time. Start [life] in kind of an unconventional way, coming from Australia to the United States. It definitely gave me a different perspective on life and definitely shaped me for life.” Eventually, Thomas’ family made their way back stateside, first settling in Connecticut for a few years, before moving to the football-crazed state of Texas. Thomas admits that because of his time in Australia he didn’t know a ton about football. Up until that point, his after-school schedule was packed with swim and soccer teams, as well an Irish step dance class that his mom signed him for while in Connecticut. As the family prepared to move to Texas, Thomas’ parents introduced their kids to the fabric of the state, in the most unconventional way possible. “Before we moved to Texas my parents made us watch ‘Friday Night Lights,’” Thomas said with a laugh. “I was like ‘Oh, this is what football is? It seems like a lot.’” At the time it might have seemed like a lot, and Thomas admitted that it did take him a while to fully understand and appreciate the intricacies of the sport. He admits he was “too nice” when he first started playing the game, voluntarily helping up opponents after hard tackles. But by the time he got to high school Thomas began to figure out the game, and by his junior year, he began to hear from some of the biggest college football programs in the country. Virtually every school in America offered Thomas a scholarship, from Texas and Texas A&M to Alabama and Ohio State. Thomas eventually settled on three finalists, taking official visits to UCLA, Arkansas (where his sister attended college) and Stanford. It took him just a few hours in Palo Alto to realize that Stanford was the place for him. “The official at Stanford was different because we met with professors the entire time,” Thomas said. “We had three dinners with professors, we stepped in on class, viewed all the academic areas. The whole time, we talked maybe one time about football. The rest of the time it was all about networking, [visiting] a bunch of places where they had connections, and [we] met a bunch of cool people.” The Cardinal coaching staff really sold Thomas on college being a 40-year decision not a four-year one, and he bought in. He committed in a memorable Signing Day ceremony where – without a Stanford hat – he decided to pull out a little tree (in honor of the Stanford mascot). However, like his move back to Texas, Thomas admitted that the transition to college was daunting. He hadn’t chosen a school where football was king, but instead, a place where – quite literally – some of the smartest people in the world come to get an education. When the kids sitting next to you in class might very well invent the next Google or Snapchat, it can be a bit overwhelming, something that took Thomas a while to get adjusted to. “At first it’s a little intimidating,” he said. “You’re with these extremely smart people, these people who are going to change the world. And I’m kind of like, ‘Why am I here? What am I going to do? What am I am going to do to benefit these people with?’” Eventually, Thomas adjusted off the field, and on the field he did too. After redshirting his freshman year – and going up against future first-round draft picks Andrus Peat and Josh Garnett on scout team – he stepped on the field as a redshirt sophomore, before a breakout season last fall. There, he finished with a team-high eight sacks and 15 tackles for loss, helping the Cardinal to a 10-3 record overall. His most memorable performance came in a 25-23 victory over North Carolina in the Sun Bowl. While much of America tuned in to see potential No. 1 pick Mitchell Trubisky of the Tar Heels, it was Thomas who stood out. His one sack, two TFL performance put America on notice. If they didn’t know the name “Solomon Thomas” before, they did after that game. “I think that was a great game for me,” Thomas said. “We prepared a lot for that game, watched way too much film, studied beyond belief. We were prepared.” And with that, Thomas was off to the draft. The decision wasn’t easy, but the possibility of going in the top five in the draft was too good to pass up. He announced his decision shortly after the new year. It’s been pretty much a non-stop whirlwind for Thomas, from the Combine, to his Pro Day, to visiting with virtually every team in the draft (Technically, he interviewed with 20 teams, but had informal meetings with virtually every other.) His life will change irrevocably in just a few short days, but for a kid who bounced to all corners of the globe as a kid, the idea of going to an unknown city, to become the face of a draft class is hardly overwhelming. “I’m prepared for it,” Thomas said. So too is whatever team lucky enough to have the most unique player in this year’s draft. 8 View gallery gallery: 7 first-round prospects who could slide in the NFL Draft Melina Vastola-USA TODAY Sports 0 Shares NFL Meet Solomon Thomas, the most unique player in the 2017 NFL Draft UP NEXT : Meet Solomon Thomas, the most unique player in the 2017 NFL Draft UP NEXT :
ZATVORI Naslovnica Vijesti Zagreb Hrvatska Svijet Gospodarstvo Tehno Kultura Sport Nogomet Košarka Tenis Ostali sportovi Showbiz Javna tajna Film & glazba Intervju Lifestyle Gas do daske Gadgeti Fashion & beauty Zdrav život Zanimljivosti Kolumne Tiskano izdanje Arhiva tiskanih izdanja Autori Pretplata DIGITALNO IZDANJE Naslovnica Vijesti SveZagrebHrvatskaSvijetGospodarstvoTehnoKultura BiH SDA ostala bez gotovo polovice zastupnika u državnom parlament Otvara se samoborski Bunker, najveći centar za mlade u Hrvatskoj KUŠĆEVIĆ Nema povećanja nameta za građane PLENKOVIĆ I LEUTHARD Gospodarstvo u fokusu Sport SveNogometKošarkaTenisOstali sportovi Uvjerljiva pobjeda Rome ATP BUDIMPEŠTA Karlović na Džumhura WTA LISTA Serena Williams opet na vrhu NBA Boston i Utah izjednačili Showbiz SveJavna tajnaFilm & glazbaIntervju VIDEO: Punk grupa Papa Roach izdala single ‘American Dreams’ VIDEO: JUSTICE LEAGUE Međunarodni trailer predstavlja fantastičnu ekipu VIDEO: Céline Dion i pjesma iz filma ‘Ljepotica i zvijer’ VIDEO: GUARDIANS OF GALAXY Redatelj i glumci pričaju o snimanju znanstveno-fantastičnog… Lifestyle SveGas do daskeGadgetiFashion & beautyZdrav životZanimljivosti LIDL i PROCTER&GAMBLE Sanja Pilić u kampanji ‘Reci DA!’ za dječje… FOTO: JULIUS MEINL Mlada umjetnica OKO predstavila ‘poetsku’ skulpturu Akcija proljetnog čišćenja u Gradu Beču FOTO: HEINEKEN REGATTA CROATIA Najpoznatija svijetska jedriličarska regata dolazi u Hrvatsku Kolumne OTROVNA POLITIKA Terorizam u Agrokoru NEMIRI & NESANICE I 72 godine nakon rata hrvatski biskupi nemaju… DIMNA ZAVJESA U aferi Agrokor još nije jasno koliki je dug… NACIONALNA GROUPIE Izgrednik na Tedeschijevu rođendanskom partiju GLASNO! Pola posla Tiskano izdanje Arhiva tiskanih izdanja Autori Pretplata DIGITALNO IZDANJE Naslovnica Lifestyle Zanimljivosti LIDL i PROCTER&GAMBLE Sanja Pilić u kampanji ‘Reci DA!’ za dječje domove Lifestyle Zanimljivosti LIDL i PROCTER&GAMBLE Sanja Pilić u kampanji ‘Reci DA!’ za dječje domove Autor NACIONAL - 25. 04. 2017. 15:49 Podijeli na Facebooku Tweetaj na Tweeteru tweet Poznata dječja spisateljica Sanja Pilić je u sklopu humanitarne kampanje ‘Reci DA!’ posjetila Dječji dom ‘Ivana Brlić Mažuranić’ u Lovranu. Akcijom ‘Reci DA!’ poznate tvrtke Procter & Gamble i Lidl podupiru renovaciju i opremanje dječjih domova diljem Republike Hrvatske. Kampanja se provodi drugu godinu za redom i do sad je obnovljeno deset dječjih domova i centara za pružanje usluga u zajednici kojima je osnivač Republika Hrvatska. Djeca su nestrpljivo čekala na upoznavanje i autogram autorice Sanje Pilić, koja je tijekom druženja darivala svoje knjige i okupljenima posvetila priču ‘Velika obitelj’. Pri tome je podsjetila na obnovu još tri preostala dječja doma u kampanji, kojom je obuhvaćeno sveukupno 13 domova. Dječji domovi u Lovranu, Dubrovniku i Sisku su tri preostala doma u kojima će se donacijom omogućiti uljepšavanje svakodnevice djece koja odrastaju bez odgovarajuće roditeljske skrbi. “Druženje s djecom iz Dječjeg doma ‘Ivana Brlić Mažuranić’ bilo je vrlo emotivno, iskreno i poticajno. Posebno me veseli kad vidim da poznaju moje likove i njihove avanture, a nadam se da će se netko od njih prepoznati i u likovima iz priče ‘Velika obitelj’. Zahvaljujući djelatnicima doma djeca doista žive u velikoj obitelji, a svoj životni put i sreću pronalaze jedni u drugima. Od srca podržavam humanitarnu kampanju Reci DA! i drago mi je da sam i ja dio obitelji Reci DA!”, rekla je spisateljica Sanja Pilić. “Zahvaljujemo tvrtkama Procter&Gamble i Lidl Hrvatska koje će nam pomoći da uredimo prostor za učenje i igru, a koji se koristi za poludnevni boravak djece. Sustav za pružanje usluga u zajednici već je pokazao pozitivne rezultate, jer na ovaj način omogućavamo djeci da ostanu u okrilju svoje obitelji, a da ipak dobiju pomoć koja im je potrebna”, izjavila je Suzana Mravinac, ravnateljica Dječjeg doma ‘Ivana Brlić Mažuranić’. “Sretni smo i ponosni što je kampanja Reci DA! u svojoj završnici i što smo do sada sudjelovali u uređenju deset dječjih domova. Vjerujemo da smo uljepšali svakodnevicu i odrastanje djeci kojoj je naša briga najpotrebnija i da ćemo zajednički pomoći i uređenje domova u Lovranu, Dubrovniku i Sisku”, izjavila je Marina Dijaković, voditeljica Sektora korporativnih komunikacija Lidla Hrvatska. Kampanja za obnovu dječjih domova u Lovranu, Dubrovniku i Sisku trajat će od 1. do 31. svibnja, a kupci se mogu uključiti kupnjom odabranih proizvoda tvrtke Procter&Gamble u trgovinama Lidla diljem Hrvatske. U kampanji sudjeluju marke Ariel, Lenor, Jar, Pampers, Always, Head&Shoulders, Pantene, Gillette i Old Spice. 1 of 5 Komentiraj FOTO:Marin Ćuk Vurnek TAGOVI djeca Sanja Pilić Lovran Lidl Hrvatska Reci DA! humanitarna kampanja Dječji dom 'Ivana Brlić Mažuranić' Procter&Gamble obnova dječjih domova PODIJELI Facebook Twitter tweet NACIONAL NACIONAL je već 20 godina najutjecajniji politički tjednik u Hrvatskoj. VEZANI ČLANCIVIŠE OD AUTORA Akcija proljetnog čišćenja u Gradu Beču GRČKA Blizu Lezbosa se utopilo 15 imigranata ‘Ku-kuc’ kutije stižu u dječje bolnice i domove NAJNOVIJE BiH SDA ostala bez gotovo polovice zastupnika u državnom parlament 25. 04. 2017. 15:58 LIDL i PROCTER&GAMBLE Sanja Pilić u kampanji ‘Reci DA!’ za dječje... 25. 04. 2017. 15:49 Otvara se samoborski Bunker, najveći centar za mlade u Hrvatskoj 25. 04. 2017. 15:45 KUŠĆEVIĆ Nema povećanja nameta za građane 25. 04. 2017. 15:35 VIDEO: Punk grupa Papa Roach izdala single ‘American Dreams’ 25. 04. 2017. 15:24 Prikaži više < PRATITE NAS Nacional News Magazin TAGOVI Acer Asus aukcija Citroen Traction Concept XR-PHEV II Desire 620 državni poticaj Električno vozilo Galaxy A3 Galaxy A5 Galaxy Note Edge Grand 3 hibrid Hibridno vozilo HTC HTC Desire 820 HTC M9 HTC One M8 i-MIEV Indonezija mercedes Michelin Mitsubishi Mitsubishi Otlander PHEV Mitsubishi Outlander nesreća PHEV PowerVR presretač rast prodaje Samsung SmartEyeglassa smartphone Snapdragon 615 Sony Space Star Split tržište automobila tvornica vipnet vozilo na struju Z220 Z520 ZenFone ZTE ARHIVA O NAMANacional je najutjecajniji politički tjednik u Hrvatskoj iza kojeg stoji 20 godina tradicije, jedinstven i prepoznatiljiv stil, te intrigantan sadržaj. Kontaktirajte nas: [email protected] PRATITE NAS Uvjeti korištenja Impressum Kontakt 2017. © Sva prava pridržana | NACIONAL NEWS CORPORATION d.o.o. Koristimo kolačiće u svrhu pružanja boljeg korisničkog iskustva na stranici. Ukoliko nastavite s pregledavanjem ove stranice pretpostavit ćemo da se slažete s tim.Slažem se
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Eros drops as promoter pares stake Business Standard Market trims gains Capital Market  April 25, 2017 Last Updated at 13:34 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV3Pf3 ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday high Nifty hits record high Sensex regains 26,000; Nifty regains 8,000 as heavyweights rally Market drifts higher in early trade Market registers modest gains in volatile trade Key benchmark indices trimmed gains soon after hitting fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 166.87 points or 0.56% at 29,822.71. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 57.10 points or 0.62% at 9,275.05. Gains were led by Reliance Industries (RIL), HDFC and ITC. Positive global cues boosted sentiment on the domestic bourses. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.76%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.65%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On BSE, 1,429 shares rose and 1,303 shares fell. A total of 174 shares were unchanged. Most FMCG stocks gained. Britannia Industries (up 1.42%), Dabur India (up 0.26%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.26%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.87%), Marico (up 2.27%), Nestle India (up 0.37%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.88%) and Bajaj Corp (up 1.32%) rose. GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.12%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.92%), Tata Global Beverages (down 0.26%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.17%) fell. Realty stocks saw mixed trend. Omaxe (up 2.75%), Phoenix Mills (up 2.1%), Sunteck Realty (up 1.82%), DLF (up 1.84%), Indiabulls Real Estate (up 0.99%), Prestige Estates Projects (up 1.75%) rose. Oberoi Realty (down 1.68%), Parsvnath Developers (down 0.25%), Housing Development and Infrastructure (down 1.01%), D B Realty (down 1.82%), Unitech (down 1.18%), Sobha (down 1.38%) and Godrej Properties (down 1.68%) fell. Jubilant Life Sciences gained 3.29% after the company received Abbreviated New Drug Application final approval for Olmesartan Medoxomil Tablets, 5 mg, 20 mg and 40 mg from the United States Food & Drug Administration (USFDA). The announcement was made during market hours today, 25 April 2017. Olmesartan Medoxomil Tablets, 5 mg, 20 mg and 40 mg is the generic version of Benicar of Daiichi Sankyo, which is used for the treatment of hypertension. This is the second approval that the company has received from the USFDA during the current financial year. The company had a total of 73 ANDAs for oral solids filed in the US, of which 49 have been approved. Overseas, European stocks started the trading session on the front foot, extending previous day's gains, as investors monitor political developments in France and ahead of the European Central Bank's policy meeting later in the week. Business confidence in France was steady in April amid improved conditions in the factory sector, offset by a slip in service sector confidence. INSEE's headline business confidence index was unchanged in April from the month before at 104. Asian shares gained following a relief rally in global equities after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the French presidential election. US stocks rallied yesterday, 24 April 2017, as concerns over France's potential exit from the euro currency bloc eased. The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 216.13 points, or 1.1%, to close at 20,763.89. The S&P 500 surged 25.46 points, or 1.1%, to 2,374.15. Macron led the field in the first round of the French presidential election on Sunday, 23 April 2017, with 23.9% of the vote, ahead of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen with 21.4%. The two will now face off in the final round 7 May 2017. Macron has promised to cut corporate tax rates gradually to 25% from the current 33%. He also wants to make France's 35-hour work week more flexible, and slash housing taxes for most people. He has pledged to cut public spending by 60 billion ($64 billion) a year, and plans an economic stimulus package worth 50 billion over five years. Macron is a free trade supporter and campaigned in favor of the EU's new agreement with Canada. Marine Le Pen wants France to leave the euro, return to the franc, exit the Schengen agreement and close French borders for immigrants. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Reliance Industries | Britannia Industries | Bse | Free Trade | Hdfc | Ist | Itc | Nifty | Reliance | Ril | Sensex | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Market trims gains Key benchmark indices trimmed gains soon after hitting fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 166.87 points or 0.56% at 29,822.71. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 57.10 points or 0.62% at 9,275.05. Gains were led by Reliance Industries (RIL), HDFC and ITC. Positive global cues boosted sentiment on the domestic bourses. Key benchmark indices trimmed gains soon after hitting fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 166.87 points or 0.56% at 29,822.71. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 57.10 points or 0.62% at 9,275.05. Gains were led by Reliance Industries (RIL), HDFC and ITC. Positive global cues boosted sentiment on the domestic bourses. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.76%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.65%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On BSE, 1,429 shares rose and 1,303 shares fell. A total of 174 shares were unchanged. Most FMCG stocks gained. Britannia Industries (up 1.42%), Dabur India (up 0.26%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.26%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.87%), Marico (up 2.27%), Nestle India (up 0.37%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.88%) and Bajaj Corp (up 1.32%) rose. GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.12%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.92%), Tata Global Beverages (down 0.26%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.17%) fell. Realty stocks saw mixed trend. Omaxe (up 2.75%), Phoenix Mills (up 2.1%), Sunteck Realty (up 1.82%), DLF (up 1.84%), Indiabulls Real Estate (up 0.99%), Prestige Estates Projects (up 1.75%) rose. Oberoi Realty (down 1.68%), Parsvnath Developers (down 0.25%), Housing Development and Infrastructure (down 1.01%), D B Realty (down 1.82%), Unitech (down 1.18%), Sobha (down 1.38%) and Godrej Properties (down 1.68%) fell. Jubilant Life Sciences gained 3.29% after the company received Abbreviated New Drug Application final approval for Olmesartan Medoxomil Tablets, 5 mg, 20 mg and 40 mg from the United States Food & Drug Administration (USFDA). The announcement was made during market hours today, 25 April 2017. Olmesartan Medoxomil Tablets, 5 mg, 20 mg and 40 mg is the generic version of Benicar of Daiichi Sankyo, which is used for the treatment of hypertension. This is the second approval that the company has received from the USFDA during the current financial year. The company had a total of 73 ANDAs for oral solids filed in the US, of which 49 have been approved. Overseas, European stocks started the trading session on the front foot, extending previous day's gains, as investors monitor political developments in France and ahead of the European Central Bank's policy meeting later in the week. Business confidence in France was steady in April amid improved conditions in the factory sector, offset by a slip in service sector confidence. INSEE's headline business confidence index was unchanged in April from the month before at 104. Asian shares gained following a relief rally in global equities after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the French presidential election. US stocks rallied yesterday, 24 April 2017, as concerns over France's potential exit from the euro currency bloc eased. The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 216.13 points, or 1.1%, to close at 20,763.89. The S&P 500 surged 25.46 points, or 1.1%, to 2,374.15. Macron led the field in the first round of the French presidential election on Sunday, 23 April 2017, with 23.9% of the vote, ahead of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen with 21.4%. The two will now face off in the final round 7 May 2017. Macron has promised to cut corporate tax rates gradually to 25% from the current 33%. He also wants to make France's 35-hour work week more flexible, and slash housing taxes for most people. He has pledged to cut public spending by 60 billion ($64 billion) a year, and plans an economic stimulus package worth 50 billion over five years. Macron is a free trade supporter and campaigned in favor of the EU's new agreement with Canada. Marine Le Pen wants France to leave the euro, return to the franc, exit the Schengen agreement and close French borders for immigrants. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market trims gains Key benchmark indices trimmed gains soon after hitting fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 166.87 points or 0.56% at 29,822.71. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 57.10 points or 0.62% at 9,275.05. Gains were led by Reliance Industries (RIL), HDFC and ITC. Positive global cues boosted sentiment on the domestic bourses. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.76%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.65%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On BSE, 1,429 shares rose and 1,303 shares fell. A total of 174 shares were unchanged. Most FMCG stocks gained. Britannia Industries (up 1.42%), Dabur India (up 0.26%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.26%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.87%), Marico (up 2.27%), Nestle India (up 0.37%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.88%) and Bajaj Corp (up 1.32%) rose. GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.12%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.92%), Tata Global Beverages (down 0.26%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.17%) fell. Realty stocks saw mixed trend. Omaxe (up 2.75%), Phoenix Mills (up 2.1%), Sunteck Realty (up 1.82%), DLF (up 1.84%), Indiabulls Real Estate (up 0.99%), Prestige Estates Projects (up 1.75%) rose. Oberoi Realty (down 1.68%), Parsvnath Developers (down 0.25%), Housing Development and Infrastructure (down 1.01%), D B Realty (down 1.82%), Unitech (down 1.18%), Sobha (down 1.38%) and Godrej Properties (down 1.68%) fell. Jubilant Life Sciences gained 3.29% after the company received Abbreviated New Drug Application final approval for Olmesartan Medoxomil Tablets, 5 mg, 20 mg and 40 mg from the United States Food & Drug Administration (USFDA). The announcement was made during market hours today, 25 April 2017. Olmesartan Medoxomil Tablets, 5 mg, 20 mg and 40 mg is the generic version of Benicar of Daiichi Sankyo, which is used for the treatment of hypertension. This is the second approval that the company has received from the USFDA during the current financial year. The company had a total of 73 ANDAs for oral solids filed in the US, of which 49 have been approved. Overseas, European stocks started the trading session on the front foot, extending previous day's gains, as investors monitor political developments in France and ahead of the European Central Bank's policy meeting later in the week. Business confidence in France was steady in April amid improved conditions in the factory sector, offset by a slip in service sector confidence. INSEE's headline business confidence index was unchanged in April from the month before at 104. Asian shares gained following a relief rally in global equities after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the French presidential election. US stocks rallied yesterday, 24 April 2017, as concerns over France's potential exit from the euro currency bloc eased. The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 216.13 points, or 1.1%, to close at 20,763.89. The S&P 500 surged 25.46 points, or 1.1%, to 2,374.15. Macron led the field in the first round of the French presidential election on Sunday, 23 April 2017, with 23.9% of the vote, ahead of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen with 21.4%. The two will now face off in the final round 7 May 2017. Macron has promised to cut corporate tax rates gradually to 25% from the current 33%. He also wants to make France's 35-hour work week more flexible, and slash housing taxes for most people. He has pledged to cut public spending by 60 billion ($64 billion) a year, and plans an economic stimulus package worth 50 billion over five years. Macron is a free trade supporter and campaigned in favor of the EU's new agreement with Canada. Marine Le Pen wants France to leave the euro, return to the franc, exit the Schengen agreement and close French borders for immigrants. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 dinsdag 25 april 2017 09:02 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire ROME, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Burberry's Greg Stogdon to be joined on stage by Oscar and BAFTA-winning director Asif Kapadia and award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman - World-first discussion about Burberry's movie-style short film 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', and the implications for advertisers - Fake news also high on the agenda with BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global and Jaguar Land Rover joining a panel session  Festival of Media Global 2017 [http://festivalofmedia.com/global ], the leading annual meeting of international media figureheads, is to lift the lid on one of the past 12 month's most intriguing campaigns: Burberry's cinematic short film, 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', exploring the life of the brand's founder. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) For the first time, Burberry's senior vice president of creative media Greg Stogdon will be joined on stage by award-winning film director Asif Kapadia and Academy Award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman to reveal details of the ground-breaking project, which stars Domhnall Gleeson, Sienna Miller, Dominic West and Lily James. Stogdon, Kapadia and Charman will convene at the Festival - which takes place between 7 and 9 May at The Waldorf Astoria Rome Cavalieri - to discuss the convergence of the film industry and media, and whether scriptwriters and movie producers are the new creative directors for brands. Jeremy King, COO at Festival of Media, commented: "It is such an honour to have Burberry speak at the Festival of Media. We are aware that every event in the media space is very keen to have the luxury brand as part of its programme, so we are so excited, particularly as it is going to be world first. "This year's agenda is arguably the best in the event's 11 year history and designed to solve the marketing and media educational gaps of the world's biggest spending and innovative advertisers. Having Burberry as part of it only adds to the glamour and relevance of the Festival of Media on the media event calendar." Click here for a full list of confirmed speakers [http://www.festivalofmedia.com/global/#speakers ]. FAKE NEWS  The Festival will also bring together executives from BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global, Adblock Plus and Jaguar Land Rover to discuss the phenomenon of fake news. Advertisers around the world are already struggling to control what content their campaigns are aligned with, so understanding the challenges of fake news and how to beat it are of paramount importance to the entire media ecosystem. Leaders such as Bloomberg global chief revenue officer Keith Grossman, Carat chief strategy officer Sanjay Nazerali and Jaguar Land Rover global head of digital marketing Dominic Chambers will examine the need for 'responsible platforms' for 'responsible brands'. 30% FEMALE SPEAKERS  This year's Festival of Media Global boasts its most diverse line up yet, with nearly a third of the agenda comprising female speakers. Highlights include OMD EMEA president Nikki Mendonca discussing brand storytelling in an addressable world; MediaLink chairman Wenda Harris Millard and Kim Kadlec, global marketing at Visa, debating marketing's influence on corporate strategy; and OgilvyRED's Carla Hendra joining a panel discussion on disruption in the media industry. The Girls' Lounge female quotient and creator Shelley Zalis will explore what a diverse HR strategy looks like, while speakers from Aviva, Hopscotch and Sky will discuss the connection between inclusion and commercial success in the industry. NETWORKING AND AWARDS  Festival of Media Global 2017 will offer unparalleled networking opportunities for senior marketing and media industry executives. Brands already confirmed as attending Festival of Media Global 2017 include Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Nike, VISA, Huawei, NBA, Fiat, Diageo, Pokerstars and Tinder, with many more to be announced. Furthermore, the winners of the Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 will be unveiled at the event on 8 May, following a day of judging led by jury co-chairs Sarah Mansfield, VP media, Europe and LatAm, and global operations from Unilever, and Procter & Gamble's Gerry D'Angelo. Click here to view the shortlist [http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en ]. About C Squared  C Squared is one of the fastest-growing specialist publishing, events and technology companies in Europe. Its mission is to help the media and marketing industry become more connected and better informed so that it is fully equipped to respond to the challenges and opportunities brought about by digital technology and globalization. C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has four major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc   Festival of Media Awards contact:  Christina Leissem, e: christina.liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6993  Festival of Media Sponsorship contact:  Michelle Graves, e: michelle.graves@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6992  Festival of Media Delegates contact: Komla Ayewoh, e: komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc  t: +44(0)20-7367-6984    Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Shaw Academy Launch Leadership & Management Faculty woensdag 26 april 2017 08:01 Polyplastics Develops New DURAFIDE (R) PPS Grades with Improved Heat Shock Resistance woensdag 26 april 2017 07:00 Trina Solar receives 20MW Bifacial PERC "DUOMAX twin" Module Order woensdag 26 april 2017 03:00 Airbitz Enables Buy/Sell Bitcoin Capabilities in Europe woensdag 26 april 2017 02:14 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Turismo Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 Publicado 25/04/2017 9:02:06CET ROME, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- -- Burberry's Greg Stogdon to be joined on stage by Oscar and BAFTA-winning director Asif Kapadia and award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman - World-first discussion about Burberry's movie-style short film 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', and the implications for advertisers - Fake news also high on the agenda with BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global and Jaguar Land Rover joining a panel session  Festival of Media Global 2017 [http://festivalofmedia.com/global ], the leading annual meeting of international media figureheads, is to lift the lid on one of the past 12 month's most intriguing campaigns: Burberry's cinematic short film, 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', exploring the life of the brand's founder. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) For the first time, Burberry's senior vice president of creative media Greg Stogdon will be joined on stage by award-winning film director Asif Kapadia and Academy Award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman to reveal details of the ground-breaking project, which stars Domhnall Gleeson, Sienna Miller, Dominic West and Lily James. Stogdon, Kapadia and Charman will convene at the Festival - which takes place between 7 and 9 May at The Waldorf Astoria Rome Cavalieri - to discuss the convergence of the film industry and media, and whether scriptwriters and movie producers are the new creative directors for brands. Jeremy King, COO at Festival of Media, commented: "It is such an honour to have Burberry speak at the Festival of Media. We are aware that every event in the media space is very keen to have the luxury brand as part of its programme, so we are so excited, particularly as it is going to be world first. "This year's agenda is arguably the best in the event's 11 year history and designed to solve the marketing and media educational gaps of the world's biggest spending and innovative advertisers. Having Burberry as part of it only adds to the glamour and relevance of the Festival of Media on the media event calendar." Click here for a full list of confirmed speakers [http://www.festivalofmedia.com/global/#speakers ]. FAKE NEWS  The Festival will also bring together executives from BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global, Adblock Plus and Jaguar Land Rover to discuss the phenomenon of fake news. Advertisers around the world are already struggling to control what content their campaigns are aligned with, so understanding the challenges of fake news and how to beat it are of paramount importance to the entire media ecosystem. Leaders such as Bloomberg global chief revenue officer Keith Grossman, Carat chief strategy officer Sanjay Nazerali and Jaguar Land Rover global head of digital marketing Dominic Chambers will examine the need for 'responsible platforms' for 'responsible brands'. 30% FEMALE SPEAKERS  This year's Festival of Media Global boasts its most diverse line up yet, with nearly a third of the agenda comprising female speakers. Highlights include OMD EMEA president Nikki Mendonca discussing brand storytelling in an addressable world; MediaLink chairman Wenda Harris Millard and Kim Kadlec, global marketing at Visa, debating marketing's influence on corporate strategy; and OgilvyRED's Carla Hendra joining a panel discussion on disruption in the media industry. The Girls' Lounge female quotient and creator Shelley Zalis will explore what a diverse HR strategy looks like, while speakers from Aviva, Hopscotch and Sky will discuss the connection between inclusion and commercial success in the industry. NETWORKING AND AWARDS  Festival of Media Global 2017 will offer unparalleled networking opportunities for senior marketing and media industry executives. Brands already confirmed as attending Festival of Media Global 2017 include Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Nike, VISA, Huawei, NBA, Fiat, Diageo, Pokerstars and Tinder, with many more to be announced. Furthermore, the winners of the Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 will be unveiled at the event on 8 May, following a day of judging led by jury co-chairs Sarah Mansfield, VP media, Europe and LatAm, and global operations from Unilever, and Procter & Gamble's Gerry D'Angelo. Click here to view the shortlist [http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en ]. About C Squared  C Squared is one of the fastest-growing specialist publishing, events and technology companies in Europe. Its mission is to help the media and marketing industry become more connected and better informed so that it is fully equipped to respond to the challenges and opportunities brought about by digital technology and globalization. C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has four major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc   Festival of Media Awards contact:  Christina Leissem, e: christina.liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6993  Festival of Media Sponsorship contact:  Michelle Graves, e: michelle.graves@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6992  Festival of Media Delegates contact: Komla Ayewoh, e: komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc  t: +44(0)20-7367-6984  Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg La Policía detiene en Ceuta a un español acusado de ser "pieza esencial" en la captación y adoctrinamiento de DAESH Dragon Ball Super: ¿Revelada la transformación más poderosa del personaje favorito de Toriyama? Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados COMUNICADO: Plintron entra en el mayor mercado de telecomunicaciones de Sudamérica de más de 60.000 millones de dólares COMUNICADO: Salvaje y maravilla en la era digital: L'Eden by Perrier-Jouët se dio a conocer en Tokio Martes, 25 de Abril COMUNICADO: Britannia Pharmaceuticals: La apomorfina confirma efectividad como tratamiento para la enfermedad de Parkinson Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada 1 Santander gana 1.867 millones hasta marzo, un 14% más 2 Dragon Ball Super: ¿Revelada la transformación más poderosa del personaje favorito de Toriyama? 3 ¿Recuerdas al niño del 'Hola, soy Edu, Feliz Navidad'? Ahora dirige una empresa de marketing online y este es su aspecto 4 El regalo más especial de Mila Kunis a sus padres 5 VÍDEO: Por 13 Razones (13 Reasons Why) revela imágenes inéditas del ciberacoso sufrido por Hannah Baker Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en Finanzas Santander gana 1.867 millones hasta marzo, un 14% más Series & TV Dragon Ball Super: ¿Revelada la transformación más poderosa del personaje favorito de Toriyama? Sector ¿Recuerdas al niño del 'Hola, soy Edu, Feliz Navidad'? Ahora dirige una empresa de marketing online y este es su aspecto europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Wirtschaft durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     wirtschaft Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0001, 25. April 2017, 09:05 drucken mailen als pdf als Text World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 Rome (ots/PRNewswire) - Burberry's Greg Stogdon to be joined on stage by Oscar and BAFTA-winning director Asif Kapadia and award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman World-first discussion about Burberry's movie-style short film 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', and the implications for advertisers Fake news also high on the agenda with BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global and Jaguar Land Rover joining a panel session Festival of Media Global 2017 (http://festivalofmedia.com/global), the leading annual meeting of international media figureheads, is to lift the lid on one of the past 12 month's most intriguing campaigns: Burberry's cinematic short film, 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', exploring the life of the brand's founder. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Globa l_Logo.jpg ) For the first time, Burberry's senior vice president of creative media Greg Stogdon will be joined on stage by award-winning film director Asif Kapadia and Academy Award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman to reveal details of the ground-breaking project, which stars Domhnall Gleeson, Sienna Miller, Dominic West and Lily James. Stogdon, Kapadia and Charman will convene at the Festival - which takes place between 7 and 9 May at The Waldorf Astoria Rome Cavalieri - to discuss the convergence of the film industry and media, and whether scriptwriters and movie producers are the new creative directors for brands. Jeremy King, COO at Festival of Media, commented: "It is such an honour to have Burberry speak at the Festival of Media. We are aware that every event in the media space is very keen to have the luxury brand as part of its programme, so we are so excited, particularly as it is going to be world first. "This year's agenda is arguably the best in the event's 11 year history and designed to solve the marketing and media educational gaps of the world's biggest spending and innovative advertisers. Having Burberry as part of it only adds to the glamour and relevance of the Festival of Media on the media event calendar." Click here for a full list of confirmed speakers (http://www.festivalofmedia.com/global/#speakers). FAKE NEWS The Festival will also bring together executives from BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global, Adblock Plus and Jaguar Land Rover to discuss the phenomenon of fake news. Advertisers around the world are already struggling to control what content their campaigns are aligned with, so understanding the challenges of fake news and how to beat it are of paramount importance to the entire media ecosystem. Leaders such as Bloomberg global chief revenue officer Keith Grossman, Carat chief strategy officer Sanjay Nazerali and Jaguar Land Rover global head of digital marketing Dominic Chambers will examine the need for 'responsible platforms' for 'responsible brands'. 30% FEMALE SPEAKERS This year's Festival of Media Global boasts its most diverse line up yet, with nearly a third of the agenda comprising female speakers. Highlights include OMD EMEA president Nikki Mendonça discussing brand storytelling in an addressable world; MediaLink chairman Wenda Harris Millard and Kim Kadlec, global marketing at Visa, debating marketing's influence on corporate strategy; and OgilvyRED's Carla Hendra joining a panel discussion on disruption in the media industry. The Girls' Lounge female quotient and creator Shelley Zalis will explore what a diverse HR strategy looks like, while speakers from Aviva, Hopscotch and Sky will discuss the connection between inclusion and commercial success in the industry. NETWORKING AND AWARDS Festival of Media Global 2017 will offer unparalleled networking opportunities for senior marketing and media industry executives. Brands already confirmed as attending Festival of Media Global 2017 include Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Nike, VISA, Huawei, NBA, Fiat, Diageo, Pokerstars and Tinder, with many more to be announced. Furthermore, the winners of the Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 will be unveiled at the event on 8 May, following a day of judging led by jury co-chairs Sarah Mansfield, VP media, Europe and LatAm, and global operations from Unilever, and Procter & Gamble's Gerry D'Angelo. Click here to view the shortlist (http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en). About C Squared C Squared is one of the fastest-growing specialist publishing, events and technology companies in Europe. Its mission is to help the media and marketing industry become more connected and better informed so that it is fully equipped to respond to the challenges and opportunities brought about by digital technology and globalization. C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has four major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc Festival of Media Awards contact: Christina Leissem, e: christina.liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6993 Festival of Media Sponsorship contact: Michelle Graves, e: michelle.graves@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6992 Festival of Media Delegates contact: Komla Ayewoh, e: komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6984 Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR125459/aom ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0005 VKI gewinnt Klage wegen f... Lange Nacht in der Hartla... Festival of Media Global 2017 Zum Pressroom Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: Mode, Freizeit, Literatur, International Channel: Wirtschaft Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Wirtschaft weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Wirtschaft Mysterium städtebauliche Verträge: Verhandeln statt planen? Kammer der ZiviltechnikerInnen für Wien, Niederösterreich und Burgenland aws Mittelstandsfonds beteiligt sich an System Industrie Electronic aws Fondsmanagement GmbH | Mittelstandsfonds Geoblocking Verordnung: Entscheidung mit negativen Auswirkungen für heimischen eCommerce-Mittelstand Handelsverband weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Mittwoch, 26. April 2017, 09:30 TÜV AUSTRIA Aufzugstag 2017 TÜV AUSTRIA Gruppe Mittwoch, 26. April 2017, 09:30 TÜV AUSTRIA Aufzugstag 26.4.2017 TÜV AUSTRIA Gruppe Mittwoch, 26. April 2017, 09:45 Pressekonferenz zur Präsentation von Eislaufen in Panorama-Höhenlage am Berg ALPINE ICE Eislaufen am Berg weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale APA-OTS-VIDEO, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2017 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. "Golden Phoenix " Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: "we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity." After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo - the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions - the world's leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Jewelry, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext EXPRESS SCRIPTS ALERT: J&W Announces Investigation of Express Scripts; Expects to Lose Biggest Customer, Investors Encouraged to Contact Firm Search Recent Posts GLANDRT (SET:GLANDRT) Expects Rising ‘New CBD’ Rental Office Demand GLANDRT (SET:GLANDRT) Expects Rising ‘New CBD’ Rental Office Demand Entec presents Gas Detection solutions Entec presents Gas Detection solutions Entrust calls on EA to review all TPM methodology Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. "Golden Phoenix " Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: "we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity." After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo - the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions - the world's leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com SOURCE Reed Huabo Exhibitions CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Jewelry, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext EXPRESS SCRIPTS ALERT: J&W Announces Investigation of Express Scripts; Expects to Lose Biggest Customer, Investors Encouraged to Contact Firm Search Recent Posts GLANDRT (SET:GLANDRT) Expects Rising ‘New CBD’ Rental Office Demand GLANDRT (SET:GLANDRT) Expects Rising ‘New CBD’ Rental Office Demand Entec presents Gas Detection solutions Entec presents Gas Detection solutions Entrust calls on EA to review all TPM methodology Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. "Golden Phoenix " Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: "we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity." After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo - the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions - the world's leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Jewelry, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Azacitidine (CAS 320-67-2) Market Report 2017 Next PostNext EXPRESS SCRIPTS ALERT: J&W Announces Investigation of Express Scripts; Expects to Lose Biggest Customer, Investors Encouraged to Contact Firm Search Recent Posts GLANDRT (SET:GLANDRT) Expects Rising ‘New CBD’ Rental Office Demand GLANDRT (SET:GLANDRT) Expects Rising ‘New CBD’ Rental Office Demand Entec presents Gas Detection solutions Entec presents Gas Detection solutions Entrust calls on EA to review all TPM methodology Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. „Golden Phoenix ” Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: „we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity.” After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo – the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions – the world’s leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-25th-china-shenzhen-international-gifts-handicrafts-watches–houseware-fair-opens-today-300444084.html SOURCE Reed Huabo Exhibitions CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infortrend Launches Cloud-integrated Unified Storage EonStor GSe Pro 2000 Supporting Multi-OS File Sharing for SMB Next PostNext Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handicrafts, Watches & Houseware Fair opens today SHENZHEN, China, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The 25th China (Shenzhen) International Gifts, Handcrafts, Watches & Housewares Fair opens today at Shenzhen Convention & Exhibition Center. The show showcases a wide selection of creative and eco-friendly gifts, premiums and home products from China and across Asia. Bellwether of Gifts & Home industry in China As the largest Gifts & Home show in Asia, it assembles reliable suppliers from mainland China, India, Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Russia, Singapore, Indonesia and across Asia. Buyers will be able to touch, experience, feel, compare and purchase directly for all ranges of gifts product from business, corporate, promotional, original design, personal to seasonal gifts. Among the thousands of top buyers pre-registered to attend the shows are Metro Group, Shiseido, Walmart, P&G, HUAWEI, BYD, Citroen, Four Seasons Hotel, Bank of China, China Resources, China Citic Bank, CPIC etc.  Other highlights of the show are: Maker Gallery Pavilion to help buyers spot unique, creative products. Various innovative intelligent products with great design and high performance will be displayed at the show. G20 Summit state banquet dinnerware which favorite with the First Ladies, will be shown at 2nd Floor. „Golden Phoenix ” Awards which are chosen by China Arts and Crafts Association will be displayed at 2nd Floor. The shows are supported by more than 20 local and industry associations and manufacturing bases including Gaoyang Towel Association, Fujian Tea Delegation, Yixing purple clay Association etc. Leading the industry development Mr. Jiang, President of Reed Huabo, said: „we are dedicate to build the largest Gifts & Home show in the world and facilitate more trading opportunity.” After 25 years development, the show is the biggest in Asia. It goes with the times to keep advantage, working with e-commerce platform and creating more opportunities to traditional manufacturer.  Opening hours for the show are:      Apr. 25-27 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.     Apr. 28 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. About Reed Huabo Reed Huabo – the most influential exhibition company in China, is a member company of Reed Exhibitions – the world’s leading event organizer, based in the UK. It committed to leading the industry development and continuously creating values for customers from all over the world. For more info, please visit us at: www.chinagiftsfair.com Media Contact: Lisa Li +85-755-3398-9311 lisa.li@reedhuabo.com  http://www.chinagiftsfair.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-25th-china-shenzhen-international-gifts-handicrafts-watches–houseware-fair-opens-today-300444084.html SOURCE Reed Huabo Exhibitions CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infortrend Launches Cloud-integrated Unified Storage EonStor GSe Pro 2000 Supporting Multi-OS File Sharing for SMB Next PostNext Global Food and Beverages Industry – Digital Transformation and Technology Landscape, 2016 Search Recent Posts Agriculture Equipment Market Revenue and Value Chain 2015-2025 Sodium Naphthalene Industry Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Peripherally Inserted Catheter Market: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts 2022 Off-highway Dump Truck Market: Latest Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecasts to 2021 Micronized Ptfe Market Rugged Expansion Foreseen by 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Dietary Fibers market estimated to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% NEW YORK, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04823144/Dietary-Fibers-Global-Market-Outlook.html Growing demand for fiber supplements to overcome nutrition deficiency and increasing health consciousness among the people are the drivers propelling the market growth. Moreover change in life style requires more fiber nutrients to balance the diet is another prominent factor driving the market growth. However stringent regulatory approvals are hindering the market growth. Insoluble fiber in product segment is anticipated to move with a highest CAGR during forecast period owing to maintenance of balanced PH by consuming these kinds of fibers. Fruits and vegetables in source segment accounted for the largest market share in 2015, cereals and grains segment is expected to show healthy growth rate during forecast period. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period owing to increase in disposable incomes. Some of the key players in the market include Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Cargill, Incorporated, Danisco, E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company, GlaxosmithKline(GSK), Grain Processing Corporation, Ingredion Incorporated, J. Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH & Co. Kg, Novartis, Novus International, Procter and Gamble, Roquette Frères Company, Royal DSM, Sas Nexira, Südzucker AG Company, Sunopta, Inc. And Tate & Lyle PLC Company. Products Covered: – Soluble o Pectin o Inulin o Beta-Glucan o Polydextrose o Other Solubles – Conventional – Insoluble o Resistant Starch o Lignin o Chitin o Chitosan o Hemicellulose o Cellulose o Other Insoluble – Novel Sources Covered: – Fruits & Vegetables o Beet o Carrot o Okra o Apple o Raspberries o Pear – Cereals & Grains o Bran o Rice o Wheat – Other Sources o Soy o Legumes o Nuts o Beans and Peas Applications Covered: – Pharmaceuticals – Animal Feed – Functional Foods – Functional Beverages – Pet Food – Bakery & Confectionary – Dairy Regions Covered: – North America o US o Canada o Mexico – Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe – Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific – Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04823144/Dietary-Fibers-Global-Market-Outlook.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-dietary-fibers-market-estimated-to-reach-589-billion-by-2022-growing-at-a-cagr-of-137-300445775.html CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wood Partners Expresses Gratitude to Firefighters For Their Service Battling College Park Residential Development Fire Next PostNext Global Thermoform Packaging market is estimated at $33.91 billion in 2016 Search Recent Posts Get Better Amazon Echo Results By Following 3 Simple Steps 9 Incredibly Useful Amazon Echo For Small Businesses Most Well Guarded Secrets About Amazon Echo Greater Seattle Area has Marching Armies of Little Black and big Ants attacking homes and commercial businesses Radio Personality Delilah Honored at Day Two of 2017 NAB Show Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market Overview by Region, Type, Application and Forecast To 2021 Deodorant & Antiperspirant research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 25, 2017 ) Publisher's Deodorant & Antiperspirant market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market. The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players. Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market: Product Segment Analysis By functional principle: Physical Type Chemical Type Microbial Type Plant Type Compound Type For More Information About This Report: http://www.reportsweb.com/world-deodorant-and-antiperspirant-market-research-report-2021 Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe Japan China India South East Asia The Players mentioned in our report Henkel Loreal Unilever Dove Nivea Soft & Gentle Amway Clinique A.P. Deauville Procter & Gamble Secret Request Sample Copy At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001612715/sample Table of Content Chapter 1 About the Deodorant & Antiperspirant Industry Chapter 2 World Market Competition Landscape Chapter 3 World Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market share Chapter 4 Supply Chain Analysis Chapter 5 Company Profiles Chapter 6 Globalization & Trade Chapter 7 Distributors and Customers Chapter 8 Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries Chapter 9 World Deodorant & Antiperspirant Market forecast through 2021 Chapter 10 Key success factors and Market Overview Inquire For This Report At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001612715/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Welcome! Company Site Log In Subscribe Register Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss Investing Ideas Fund Analyst Picks Picks by Category Fund Pick Performance Picks & Pans E-Newsletter Fund Spy Column Fund Spy Book Bond Squad Fund Video Reports FundInvestor Newsletter ETF Investing Fund Family Experts Fund Reports All Fund Analyst Reports Fund Stewardship Reports Fund Ratings Highest-Rated Value Highest-Rated Growth Highest-Rated Large-Cap Highest-Rated Mid-Cap Highest-Rated Small-Cap Foreign Fund Standouts Star Rating Performance Rating Methodology Fund Performance Top 1-Month Performers Top YTD Performers Top 1-Year Performers Top 3-Year Performers Top 5-Year Performers Fund Category Returns Biggest Daily NAV Changes Closed-End Funds Exchange-Traded Funds Quarterly Market Outlook Fund Screeners Basic Screeners Fund Screener Long-Term Winners Solid Small-Growth Funds Conservative Bond Funds Premium Screeners Premium Fund Screener Index Funds Hidden Gems Lower-Risk Foreign Funds Video Center Video Reports Embed this video Copy Code Link to this video Get LinkEmbedLicenseRecommend (-)Print By Jeremy Glaser | 04-20-2017 11:00 AM Week Ahead: Earnings Deluge From Key Players Across Sectors Alphabet, Amazon, and Microsoft lead the tech reports, with Exxon, 3M, Ford, and many more also on tap. Plus, the first reading of first-quarter GDP. Securities mentioned in this video GM General Motors Co GOOG Alphabet Inc AA Alcoa Corp KO Coca-Cola Co CVX Chevron Corp MMM 3M Co SBUX Starbucks Corp INTC Intel Corp PEP PepsiCo Inc ESRX Express Scripts Holding Co AMGN Amgen Inc PG Procter & Gamble Co LLY Eli Lilly and Co MSFT Microsoft Corp XOM Exxon Mobil Corp F Ford Motor Co BA Boeing Co CMG Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc Related Links Johnson: First Quarter Set to Disappoint, Again Jeremy Glaser: Welcome to The Week Ahead.  Thursday will be the key day for tech earnings. Google parent Alphabet will provide an update that day. The search and ad giant has been in the news recently over concerns about ads appearing on inappropriate YouTube content. Amazon will also report, and we'll be looking to see if the firm can continue to push gross margins higher. Third, we have Microsoft, which has been on a roll recently, with the cloud growing quickly and legacy businesses holding their own. Intel is also due. We're expecting modest growth for the year as data center growth is offset by declines in PC sales. There are plenty of consumer firms reporting, too, including Chipotle, Coca-Cola, Pepsico, Starbucks, and Procter & Gamble. We'll get a sense of the industrial economy from Alcoa, 3M, Boeing, Ford, and GM. In healthcare, Express Scripts, Eli Lilly, and Amgen will report. And finally, oil majors Chevron and Exxon Mobil are due Friday. The first reading of first-quarter GDP will be released Friday, and director of economic analysis Bob Johnson is expecting an anemic start to 2017. Other data includes consumer sentiment gauges, housing metrics, and durable goods orders. Stay tuned to Morningstar for our take on these stories. Return to Discuss Comments     1-- of - Comments Oldest First | Newest First       1-- of - Comments Oldest First | Newest First Add a Comment Email me new replies. Post Cancel Add a Comment Please login or register to post a comment. Log InRegister LatestStocksFundsETFsBonds {1} {2} more... {0}-{1} of {2} Comments {0}-{1} of {2} Comment {0} {1} Flag {5} Report as off topic Report as inflammatory Report as advertising Report as copyright content This post has been reported. --- Remove off topic Remove inflammatory Remove advertising Remove copyright content Un-moderate post Comment removed for violation of Terms of Use ({0}) View Post Edit post Please create a username to comment on this article Username: Continue Please choose a name that's between six and fifteen characters long, starts with a letter, and contains only numbers and letters. Site Directory Site Map Our Products Corrections Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunities Glossary RSS Mobile Portfolio Affiliate Careers Company News International Sites: Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Premium Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Premium Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name Premium ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Popular Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Popular Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Global brands connect across cultures News, 26 April 2017 Topics Localisation of international work Global, multinational advertising GLOBAL: Becoming a successful global brand requires an understanding of local cultures, lifestyles and ideologies, according to two industry figures. In a WARC Best Practice paper, How global brands resonate across cultures, Suzy Mizera and Alessandro Cotugno, senior executives at Young & Rubicam, observe that the standardisation of brand name, logo, image, packaging and brand positioning simply enables brand recognition in multiple markets. But to be truly successful, they argue, brands need to adapt their communications to reflect local values and culture – no easy task in a "global brand-scape [that] is a minefield of complexity, diversity and cultural nuances". For example, there are regional skews in how people relate to global and local brands. In the East, global brands are seen as daring, high quality and trendy, while local brands are seen as reliable, popular and down to earth. By contrast, global brands in the West are seen as distinctive, leaders, high performance and unique while local brands are seen as best brands, trustworthy, straightforward and obliging. "Not one attribute overlaps," the authors note. Further, different brand values emerge as more important in different countries: Germans like the notion of directness, for example, while Indonesians prefer kindness and South Koreans favour energetic brands. Global brands "immerse themselves not just in the language and habits of a culture but in its value system, vernacular, idioms, humour, customs, beliefs and philosophies," say Mizera and Cotugno, holding up IKEA as an example of a "masterful" practitioner of these arts. Such brands connect to the lifestyle and, bringing "an outsider's caring and concerned perspective", they solve local cultural problems. They are able to present alternative views, take a stand and stimulate debate – witness the award-winning Share the Load campaign in India for Procter & Gamble's Ariel laundry detergent which not only challenged hierarchies of gender and status but doubled sales volumes. A common feature of the most successful global brands, such as Disney, McDonald's and Coca-Cola, the authors observe, it that they "are masters at re-engineering their brands, culture to culture, while never, ever losing their souls". As well as exploring what global brands do, Mizera and Cotugno examine how they do it – by re-aligning their marketing to put global even more in the service of local. "It's vital to dial up and dial down, from central creation to local adaptation and back to central for revisions, thus delivering the brand's DNA, appropriately nuanced, and fostering new ways of working," they say. Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News Milliseconds matter in online retail News Geopolitical concerns hit Korean tourism News Digital change bothers APAC marketers News Bravo's insights into VOD ad frequency News What we can learn from the WARC 100 News Branded content is mostly forgotten News Global brands connect across cultures News Consumers need to share more data View more News and Opinion More from WARC What we know about multinational marketing How to develop an effective global brand strategy How Nike adapts ‘Just Do It’ to work across cultures Why Airbnb's 'creative culture' is key to its success 5 steps in developing a global e-commerce strategy Get a demo Topics Localisation of international work Global, multinational advertising 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Dry Shampoo Market to Witness 6.1% CAGR during 2017 – 2023 by P&S Market Research According to a new market research report “Global Dry Shampoo Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 – Industry Insights by Product Type (All Natural, Paraben Free, Gluten Free and Others), by Form (Powder and Spray) and by Application (Volume Boost, Oil Remover and Combination)” published by P&S Market Research, the global dry shampoo market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 6.1% during 2017 – 2023. Global dry shampoo market expected to grow moderately during 2017 -2023 The study uncovered that the global dry shampoo market is expected to grow at a moderate pace, during the forecast period. Due to significant growth in e-commerce, new hair care product advancements and effective advertising, the global dry shampoo market is gaining traction. Explore Full Report at: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/dry-shampoo-and-conditioner-market Insights on market segments As per the findings of the research, paraben free dry shampoo accounted for the largest revenue in 2016. Among the forms, spray dry shampoo witnessed higher demand during 2013 – 2016, and it is also expected to register higher growth during the forecast period. Spray dry shampoo has been the larger contributor to the global dry shampoo market in 2016. Spray dry shampoo has become popular as an alternative to regular shampoo in recent years. The spray dry shampoo, apart from being handy and easy to use, makes hair look greasy and stylish without washing. Dry shampoo market to witness fastest growth in Asia-Pacific Geographically, North America has been the largest market for dry shampoo. However, the market is expected to witness fastest growth in Asia-Pacific, during the forecast period, due to factors such as growth in cosmetics and haircare industry, advancement in anti-dandruff and anti-hair fall dry shampoos, growth in retail channels, and increasing adoption of new hair care products by a large consumer base. Further, due to rapidly changing fashion trends, the region is likely to adopt dry shampoo at a greater scale in near future. The European dry shampoo market has been witnessing moderate growth for past few years. Smoking ban in the U.K., and the trend of working from home has been indirectly impacting the regular shampoo industry in the country. However, this has led to a surge in the demand for dry shampoo in the country, as the shampoo consumers are shifting toward more casual and natural style of hair cleansing. According to an estimate, one out of every five women in the U.K. uses dry shampoo. Explore Report Sample at: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/dry-shampoo-and-conditioner-market/report-sample Moderate competition among key players in the global market The research states that the global dry shampoo market is moderately competitive. The players in the market are developing a new marketing and distribution approach to offer dry shampoo. With the declining growth rate of the normal shampoo market, the shampoo manufacturers have started to increase the brand communication of their dry version with consumers, to retain them. The players in the dry shampoo market are offering innovative products such as tinted dry shampoo and glitter dry shampoo. Some of the key players in the global dry shampoo market are L’Oréal, Procter & Gamble, Henkel, Batiste, Sephora, Shiseido, and Klorane. Most of the existing vendors in the global dry shampoo market are actively participating in organic and inorganic strategies. Many of them are focusing on operational transformation to enhance their capabilities for new dry shampoo offerings. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: https://www.psmarketresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: P&S Market Research Contact Person: Abhishek Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Phone: +1-888-778-7886 Address:347 5th Ave. #1402- 210 City: New York City State: New York Country: United States Website: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/dry-shampoo-and-conditioner-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Home & Garden, Lifestyle Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Emerging Demands on Global Consumer Electronics Market Research Report 2017 Production, Revenue, Price, Market Share and Growth Rate Next PostNext Global Auto-Injectors Market to Witness 18.6% CAGR during 2017 – 2023 by P&S Market Research Search Recent Posts Apple Mac Repairs London iPad Repair in Shepherds Bush and Acton, London Paul McCartney Tickets at Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre in Chicago, IL Available at TicketDown.com OSHA recognizes Workers’ Memorial Day in Ohio Workplace Justice Advocates Announces $22.4 Million Award by Los Angeles Jury in Whistleblower, Wrongful Termination Lawsuit Bus Bridge cancelled this weekend Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation CNBC Disruptor 50 Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Iconic Tour Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider Earnings could keep momentum going even if Trump's 'massive' tax plan is a letdown Patti Domm | @pattidomm 9 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Earnings could keep the momentum going Wednesday, as markets await a much-heralded tax plan from the White House. There was some trepidation that the plan, touted by President Donald Trump as "massive," could be a letdown after hyped-up expectations. Stocks soared Tuesday and bond yields rose ahead of the tax plan and as it appeared Congress will act on the budget in time to avoid a shutdown of the government later this week. "I don't think much of the move is related to renewed optimism over the tax plan," said Mark Cabana, head of U.S. short-rate strategy at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. "There's still an expectation that there's a long way to go on this plan. "We expect to see essentially the outlines of the broad strokes they would like to have, but not too much details," he said. "That leaves a lot of room for negotiation that will be needed between the White House and Congress." But earnings alone won't carry the market, and if there are a few big misses in the mix, it could trigger profit-taking. "It will only take disappointment from one or two household names to tip over the apple cart," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. He said the tax plan should be neutral unless it is not received well or there is some new feature the market views as negative. "It wouldn't take much commentary from the deficit hawks to say it's not passable," said Hogan. "It just feels like after two powerful rallies we're due for a reset." Yuri Gripas | Reuters Donald Trump Tax man When Trump unveils his tax plan, it is expected to sound familiar. Early indications suggest it will be much like the plan he introduced during the campaign, with a 15 percent corporate tax rate. There are not expected to be any new revenue-generating schemes, so bond market traders who have been talking about how it could swell the deficit will continue to focus on that. "Trump is pivoting away from the concept of deficit-neutral tax reform towards deficit-financed tax cuts. Trump is keeping his original plan of a 15 percent corporate tax rate, which is just a marker," wrote Dan Clifton, head of policy research at Strategas. Clifton said Trump may not have specifics on deductions, but he will be clear on lowering the effective corporate tax rate. Clifton expects, at the end of the day, that the corporate tax rate could fall from 35 percent to somewhere between 23 and 27 percent. The House plan currently proposes a 20 percent rate but includes a controversial Border Adjustment Tax, which would raise $1 trillion in revenues over 10 years. But the White House is not expected to embrace that plan, and traders believe it will rely instead on economic growth generating more tax revenues to pay for the tax cuts. Krishna Memani, CIO of OppenheimerFunds, said it will take a deficit-widening plan to charge up growth. "He can have policies that can improve the regulatory environment and cut tax rates, but the likelihood that it will jump-start the economy and get the growth rate to 3 percent ... for that the deficit has to widen. A tax plan where everything is paid for will not do it. ... The trend [growth] rate is 2 percent, and to jump-start that you need some new driver," Memani said. Powerful punch Earnings news has been packing a punch, and stocks were firing on all cylinders Tuesday, with big moves up in several big Dow components — Caterpillar, 3M, McDonald's, and Dupont. After the bell, movers included U.S. Steel, down nearly 20 percent on a big miss, and Chipotle, up 6 percent on better earnings. As of Tuesday morning, S&P 500 companies had beat earnings estimates at a pace of 78 percent. Earnings growth, including actual reports and estimates, was coming in at about 11.4 percent so far, over last year's first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters. The Nasdaq surged above 6,000 for the first time, and the S&P 500 rose 14 points to 2,388, 7 points shy of its record close. The Dow was up 232, or 1.1 percent, to 20,996. On Wednesday, Boeing, Procter and Gamble, Pepsico, Anthem, Norfolk Southern, United Technologies, Fiat Chrysler, Daimler, GlaxoSmithKline, Twitter and General Dynamics all report before the bell. Amgen, PayPal, F5 Networks, Fortune Brands and Tractor Supply are among those reporting after the market close. "Earnings have been pretty good, and given the growth environment, earnings expectations will probably get realized for at least the first half of 2017. There is a bit of risk the U.S. may be rolling over," but that won't be clear for awhile, Oppenheimer's Memani said. Oil inventories Oil could be a factor Wednesday, after a surprise jump in oil supply showed up in the American Petroleum Institute inventories report after the closing bell Tuesday. U.S. government data on inventories is reported at 10:30 a.m. ET. Stock traders have been eyeing oil prices, which have been sliding recently. West Texas Intermediate futures have been trading below $50 per barrel, a key technical area and a psychological level important for shale drillers. API reported a surprise 900,000 increase in crude inventories in the last week. WTI futures fell slightly, to just below $49.50 per barrel. But there was a shocking increase in gasoline inventories of 4.4 million barrels, suggesting that gasoline demand remains weak. "I'd say it remains lackluster but refiners are cranking out high volumes of supply," said John Kilduff of Again Capital. "If we get confirmation of these numbers, we'll have another leg lower," Kilduff said. "This could be another catalyst, particularly if gasoline leads the way down. It's the commodity in the complex that you look to see either supporting them or undermining them." Platts says analysts expect a drop in crude stocks of 1 million barrels when the Energy Information Administration report is released and a decline in gasoline supply of 1.1 million barrels. Distillates, which include diesel, are expected to fall 1.8 million barrels. Stock traders have been nervously eyeing crude, but it has not held back the stock market this week. "For global growth, even if the U.S. slows down, what oil prices are telling you is that emerging market growth may be slowing down," said Memani. "That would be really bad news since that was the driver of the entire trade from the second quarter of 2016." But he said he expects that oil is in a trading range as long as emerging market growth does not slow down meaningfully. "I don't think it's correcting," he said. "We'll be fretting about it without panicking." Patti DommCNBC Markets Editor
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards Environmental Top 50 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Top 50 To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now Nearly Half the Fortune 500 Have Goals to Cut Greenhouse Gases April 25, 2017April 25, 2017 by Ken Silverstein In an effort to reduce its carbon footprint, IBM is focused on cutting its consumption of electricity. To do so, it is making investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy. IBM isn’t alone. In fact, nearly half the companies in the Fortune 500 have set targets to cut their greenhouse gas emissions, improve energy efficiencies and up their consumption of renewable energy, says the just-released Power Forward 3.0 report. And as the cost of the technologies and the fuels drop, companies are striving to do more and more. Ceres, the World Wildlife Fund, CDP and Calvert Investments contributed to the report.  As for IBM, it is designing, building and operating its data centers and manufacturing facilities in a way that optimizes energy and material use while at the at the same time, limiting its greenhouse gas emissions. Using more renewable energy is also key to its strategy.  And it has kept its eye on the ball: In 2015, IBM set a goal of cutting its greenhouse gas emissions from energy consumption by 35% from 2005 levels by 2020. In the same year, it raised its renewable energy targets from 16% to 20%, all by 2020. “IBM’s longstanding commitment to energy conservation delivers improved operational efficiency, reduced GHG emissions, and cost savings,” says the Power Forward report. “In addition, IBM greatly extends the influence of its activities by translating approaches from its internal operations into solutions that help clients achieve greater energy efficiency,” the report adds. “IBM also requires global suppliers to implement an environmental management system that includes inventorying and reducing their energy use and related GHG emissions.” The Fortune 100 companies are leading the trend, the report says, with 63% of those companies setting goals. Still, the smallest 100 companies in the Fortune 500 are doing a lot as well, it adds, noting that 44% have such targets. That’s up from 19% in 2013. Consumer staples such as food and beverage companies are the highest achievers while oil and gas companies are at the bottom of the list. “Meanwhile, businesses are reaping bigger and bigger cost savings from energy efficiency projects they have implemented to meet their targets, with 190 companies collectively reporting $3.7 billion in annual savings,” says the report. The most significant trend is that companies are setting science-based targets as well as trying to run their operations using just renewables. About 24 companies aim to operate their facilities using solely green energy and include Facebook, Google and Microsoft as well as Walmart and Bank of America, the report says. Companies can either buy renewable power in the form of power purchase agreements, invest directly in those projects or own and operate them outright. A science-based target, the organizations say, is when a company sets its personal goals in line with the best-available science, all to limit global temperature increases to less than 2 degrees Celsius from the pre-industrial era. As of January 2017, 210 companies are using such a standard to set their greenhouse gas goals. They include Proctor & Gamble, General Mills and Kellogg Company.  The organizations have some advice for companies, investors and the electricity sector. It is suggesting to companies to help create economies of scale within the renewable energy sector by joining alliances and to strike while the iron is hot, buying such power before the federal tax credits expire in a few years. At the same time, it is telling those businesses to support initiatives at the state level and to report their progress in achieving greenhouse gas reductions. As for investors, they should disclose their investment portfolios to illustrate that they are promoting the development companies with sustainable agendas. To that end, the organizations are also suggesting that those investors work with the companies in which they hold an interest to limit their carbon footprints. And finally, the organizations say that utilities need to offer ever-larger shares of renewable to their corporate customers. “We’ve been tracking and reducing emissions since 2007, and we’ve been operating our data centers and the rest of the company at 100 percent carbon neutrality since 2012,” Brad Smith, chief legal officer for Microsoft said in the report. “We’ve achieved this progress by driving efficiencies, charging our business units a fee on carbon, and investing in sustainable energy projects and technologies.” Categories Air, Clean Energy, FeatureTags ceres, Facebook, General Mills, Google, IBM, Kellogg, Microsoft, Proctor & Gamble, Walmart Leveraging EHS Software in Support of Culture Changes Sponsored By: VelocityEHS    Video: Expense & Data Management for Complex Payables Sponsored By: Ecova, Inc.    Choosing the Correct Emission Control Technology Sponsored By: Anguil Environmental Systems    Four Key Questions to Ask Before Your Next Energy Purchase Sponsored By: EnerNOC, Inc.    Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Four Key Strategies for Management System Integration Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars Refinery Flare Rule – Shaping Your Information Management... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS Refinery Flare Rule – Shaping Your Information Management Strategy Why Aligning Renewable and Commodity Energy Purchases Makes Strategic Sense The EHS Manager’s Priorities in 2017: Predict and Prevent ON DEMAND WEBINARS From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the Redundancies and Inefficiencies of Independent EHS Systems What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations as a New Administration Takes Control of our Nation’s Energy Policy? Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information System (EMIS) From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best Practices from Lendlease EHS Implementation Success is a Team Sport See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Deodorants and Antiperspirants Global Market Opportunities and Key Manufacturer Research Report 2017-2021 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Report Details: This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, and revenue and market share for each manufacturer Top Key Palyers: Unilever Cavinkare Addidas Procter & Gamble Godrej Garnier Click here for sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1218922-global-deodorants-and-antiperspirants-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Deodorants and Antiperspirants in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Deodorants Antiperspirants On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Deodorants and Antiperspirants for each application, including Hospital Pharmacy Retail Pharmacy Online Pharmacy Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Research Report 2017 1 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Deodorants and Antiperspirants 1.2 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Deodorants 1.2.4 Antiperspirants 1.3 Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Segment by Application 1.3.1 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospital Pharmacy 1.3.3 Retail Pharmacy 1.3.4 Online Pharmacy 1.4 Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Deodorants and Antiperspirants (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022)  For Detailed Reading Please visit @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1218922-global-deodorants-and-antiperspirants-market-research-report-2017 7 Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Unilever 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Unilever Deodorants and Antiperspirants Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Cavinkare 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Cavinkare Deodorants and Antiperspirants Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Addidas 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Addidas Deodorants and Antiperspirants Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Procter & Gamble 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Procter & Gamble Deodorants and Antiperspirants Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Godrej 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Godrej Deodorants and Antiperspirants Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Garnier 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Garnier Deodorants and Antiperspirants Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview  ..…Continued Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1218922 About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesUncategorized TagsCostomer Good And Retail, Deodorants and Antiperspirants, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Analysis, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Share, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Trends, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Disposable Medical Cloth Market Forecast to 2022 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis Next PostNext Cutting Modules Market forecasts (2017-2022) with industry chain structure, competitive landscape, new projects and investment analysis. Search Recent Posts FedEx Awards $120,500 in its Fifth Annual Small Business Grant Contest FedEx Awards $120,500 in its Fifth Annual Small Business Grant Contest FedEx Awards $120,500 in its Fifth Annual Small Business Grant Contest Electrical Shell Market Growth, Recent Trends by Regions, Type, Application and Geographical Analysis to 2022 Electrical Shell Market Growth, Recent Trends by Regions, Type, Application and Geographical Analysis to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,996 +232.23 +1.12% Nasdaq 6,025 +41.67 +0.70% S&P 500 2,389 +14.46 +0.61% 3:04 A.M. ET Croda shares rise 4.8% after quarterly results, outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,462.96 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,271.95 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,266.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 386.48 2:30 A.M. ET Tullow Oil backs oil production guidance 2:29 A.M. ET Opinion If the Macron Trade is going to continue, he’s going to have to deliver 2:29 A.M. ET Credit Suisse plans $4 bln share capital increase 2:29 A.M. ET BAT plans to move to quarterly dividends from 2018 2:28 A.M. ET LSE profit jumps; eyes new investments 2:27 A.M. ET Antofagasta copper production rises 9.4% 2:26 A.M. ET Banco Santander profit up 14.3% on Spanish boost 2:24 A.M. ET Peugeot revenue up on higher margin car sales 2:24 A.M. ET Fresnillo on track to reach production guidance 2:23 A.M. ET Wynn Macau 1Q profit up 26% on year 2:22 A.M. ET Australian inflation rises more slowly than seen 2:21 A.M. ET Elliott rejects Arconic offer, extends proxy fight 2:21 A.M. ET América Móvil profit jumps on forex gains 2:19 A.M. ET BHP Billiton cuts coking coal, copper guidance 1:57 A.M. ET KPN earnings rise, will return €200 million Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Investing/Securities A big chunk of the Dow’s gains have come from earnings By Tomi Kilgore Published: Apr 25, 2017 4:53 p.m. ET Share Half the Dow components have reported results, with those stocks contributing about a third of the Dow’s gains littleny / Shutterstock.com Earnings are doing the heavy lifting for the Dow industrials By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Investors can thank earnings, as much as they can anything else, for the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s rally over the last couple of weeks. The surge this week in the Dow DJIA, +1.12% which posted the first back-to-back 200+-point gains since the two days following the U.S. election, is being attributed by many to the reduced risk of euro dissolution in the wake of French election results and hopes for corporate tax cuts and a budget deal. But there is a lot more to it than that. Since April 13, when J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.87%  kicked off first-quarter earnings reporting season before the market opened, 15 of the Dow’s 30 components have reported results through Tuesday morning, with 11 beating earnings expectations, according to FactSet. That 73% beat rate is above the 5-year average of 68% for S&P 500 index SPX, +0.61%  companies, FactSet said. More important, the shares of the Dow companies that have revealed results have gained a combined total of $20.69 in price since the reports were released through Tuesday, with 10 winners rising a combined $35.87 and five losers falling $15.01. The combined price gains added about 142 points to the Dow, which is a price-weighted index. That would represent about 35% of the Dow’s 404-point gain since earnings season started. Most of those earnings-related gains have come on Tuesday alone. The stocks of the five Dow companies that reported results added a combined 128 points to the Dow’s price, or more than half of the Dow’s 232-point rally. The biggest contributors were shares of Caterpillar Inc. CAT, +7.86% which added 52 points, and McDonald’s Corp. MCD, +5.57% which added about 51 points. Some Dow members scheduled to report earnings later this week include United Technologies Corp. UTX, +0.47% Boeing Co. BA, +0.80%  and Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.50%  on Wednesday; Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.58% Intel Corp. INTC, +0.33%  and Pfizer Inc. PFE, +0.06%  on Thursday; and Chevron Corp. CVX, +0.76%  and Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, +0.76%  on Friday. Apple Earnings: iPhone 7 Plus Could Save the Day(4:26) Can Apple come out of its recent earnings doldrums through higher prices for iPhones? WSJ's Tripp Mickle explains on Lunch Break with Tanya Rivero. Photo: AP “To maintain current valuations, earnings are becoming more critical in order to validate the expanding [price-to-earnings] multiples,” said Tom Stringfellow, chief investment officer at Frost Investment Advisors, in a note to clients. “Happily we are seeing some positive movements on the earnings front, as estimates produced at the beginning of the quarter are beginning to push higher.” The following shows how the stocks of all the reporting Dow companies have performed since the results were released, and how they affected the Dow’s price (the calculations of price contributions may not add up exactly because of rounding): Company (ticker) Report date Price change since report Affect on Dow’s price J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM) April 13 (before the open) +$2.86 (3.4%) +19.59 points Goldman Sachs (GS) April 18 (before the open) +37 cents (0.2%) +2.53 points UnitedHealth (UNH) April 18 (before the open) +$6.86 (4.1%) +46.98 points Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) April 18 (before the open) -$2.29 (1.8%) -15.68 points IBM (IBM) April 18 (after the close) -$9.66 (5.7%) -66.15 points American Express (AXP) April 19 (after the close) +$5.08 (6.7%) +34.79 points Verizon (VZ) April 20 (before the open) -$2.24 (4.6%) -15.34 points Travelers (TRV) April 20 (before the open) +92 cents (0.8%) +6.30 points Visa (V) April 20 (after the close) +96 cents (1.1%) +6.57 points General Electric (GE) April 21 (before the open) -82 cents (2.7%) -5.62 points DuPont (DD) April 25 (before the open) +$2.84 (3.6%) +19.45 points Caterpillar (CAT) April 25 (before the open) +$7.61 (7.9%) +52.12 points 3M (MMM) April 25 (before the open) +90 cents (0.5%) +6.16 points Coca-Cola (KO) April 25 (before the open) -17 cents (0.4%) -1.16 points McDonald’s (MCD) April 25 (before the open) $7.47 (5.6%) +51.16 points MarketWatch analysis of FactSet data More from MarketWatch Intel earnings: While waiting for Mobileye, an eye on competition Are H-1B visa workers really paid less than Americans? France's Presidential Election: What You Need to Know Quote References DJIA +232.23 +1.12% JPM +0.76 +0.87% SPX +14.46 +0.61% CAT +7.61 +7.86% MCD +7.47 +5.57% UTX +0.55 +0.47% BA +1.45 +0.80% PG +0.45 +0.50% MSFT +0.39 +0.58% INTC +0.12 +0.33% PFE +0.02 +0.06% CVX +0.80 +0.76% XOM +0.62 +0.76% Show all references Most Popular Is the free food offer at Walt Disney World really worth it? Everyone loves these stocks — that’s why you should avoid them Costco to pay special dividend of $7, increases quarterly dividend by 5 cents Intel earnings: While waiting for Mobileye, an eye on competition Amateur Sailors Can Now Fly on Water Like America's Cup Skippers Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,996.12 +232.23 (+1.12%) Volume 348.2M Open 20,916 High 21,027 Low 20,909 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $88.26 +0.76 (+0.87%) Volume 17.4M Open $88.55 High $89.13 Low $88.26 P/E Ratio 13.6 Div Yield 2.27 Market Cap 300.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,388.61 +14.46 (+0.61%) Volume 2.3B Open 2,382 High 2,392 Low 2,381 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $104.42 +7.61 (+7.86%) Volume 18.2M Open $102.88 High $104.89 Low $102.00 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.95 Market Cap 55.3B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $141.70 +7.47 (+5.57%) Volume 10.6M Open $138.14 High $141.99 Low $137.18 P/E Ratio 26.14 Div Yield 2.65 Market Cap 109.0B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $116.87 +0.55 (+0.47%) Volume 3.3M Open $116.76 High $117.31 Low $116.41 P/E Ratio 19.17 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 92.2B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $183.51 +1.45 (+0.80%) Volume 3.7M Open $182.53 High $183.85 Low $182.53 P/E Ratio 23.99 Div Yield 3.1 Market Cap 109.7B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $90.00 +0.45 (+0.50%) Volume 8.2M Open $89.58 High $90.25 Low $89.47 P/E Ratio 26.45 Div Yield 3.06 Market Cap 226.6B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $67.92 +0.39 (+0.58%) Volume 24.8M Open $67.90 High $68.04 Low $67.60 P/E Ratio 32.04 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 513.1B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $36.87 +0.12 (+0.33%) Volume 21.3M Open $36.77 High $37.00 Low $36.66 P/E Ratio 17.47 Div Yield 2.96 Market Cap 171.3B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $33.76 +0.02 (+0.06%) Volume 18.0M Open $33.82 High $33.96 Low $33.71 P/E Ratio 28.98 Div Yield 3.79 Market Cap 200.3B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $106.73 +0.80 (+0.76%) Volume 4.5M Open $106.30 High $106.97 Low $106.18 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 4.05 Market Cap 198.7B Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $81.73 +0.62 (+0.76%) Volume 9.7M Open $81.43 High $81.93 Low $81.28 P/E Ratio 43.65 Div Yield 3.67 Market Cap 342.1B
Latest News Dow 20,996 +232.23 +1.12% Nasdaq 6,025 +41.67 +0.70% S&P 500 2,389 +14.46 +0.61% 3:04 A.M. ET Croda shares rise 4.8% after quarterly results, outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,462.96 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,271.95 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,266.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 386.48 2:30 A.M. ET Tullow Oil backs oil production guidance 2:29 A.M. ET Opinion If the Macron Trade is going to continue, he’s going to have to deliver 2:29 A.M. ET Credit Suisse plans $4 bln share capital increase 2:29 A.M. ET BAT plans to move to quarterly dividends from 2018 2:28 A.M. ET LSE profit jumps; eyes new investments 2:27 A.M. ET Antofagasta copper production rises 9.4% 2:26 A.M. ET Banco Santander profit up 14.3% on Spanish boost 2:24 A.M. ET Peugeot revenue up on higher margin car sales 2:24 A.M. ET Fresnillo on track to reach production guidance 2:23 A.M. ET Wynn Macau 1Q profit up 26% on year 2:22 A.M. ET Australian inflation rises more slowly than seen 2:21 A.M. ET Elliott rejects Arconic offer, extends proxy fight 2:21 A.M. ET América Móvil profit jumps on forex gains 2:19 A.M. ET BHP Billiton cuts coking coal, copper guidance 1:57 A.M. ET KPN earnings rise, will return €200 million Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Investing/Securities A big chunk of the Dow’s gains have come from earnings By Tomi Kilgore Published: Apr 25, 2017 4:53 p.m. ET Share Half the Dow components have reported results, with those stocks contributing about a third of the Dow’s gains littleny / Shutterstock.com Earnings are doing the heavy lifting for the Dow industrials By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Investors can thank earnings, as much as they can anything else, for the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s rally over the last couple of weeks. The surge this week in the Dow DJIA, +1.12% which posted the first back-to-back 200+-point gains since the two days following the U.S. election, is being attributed by many to the reduced risk of euro dissolution in the wake of French election results and hopes for corporate tax cuts and a budget deal. But there is a lot more to it than that. Since April 13, when J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.87%  kicked off first-quarter earnings reporting season before the market opened, 15 of the Dow’s 30 components have reported results through Tuesday morning, with 11 beating earnings expectations, according to FactSet. That 73% beat rate is above the 5-year average of 68% for S&P 500 index SPX, +0.61%  companies, FactSet said. More important, the shares of the Dow companies that have revealed results have gained a combined total of $20.69 in price since the reports were released through Tuesday, with 10 winners rising a combined $35.87 and five losers falling $15.01. The combined price gains added about 142 points to the Dow, which is a price-weighted index. That would represent about 35% of the Dow’s 404-point gain since earnings season started. Most of those earnings-related gains have come on Tuesday alone. The stocks of the five Dow companies that reported results added a combined 128 points to the Dow’s price, or more than half of the Dow’s 232-point rally. The biggest contributors were shares of Caterpillar Inc. CAT, +7.86% which added 52 points, and McDonald’s Corp. MCD, +5.57% which added about 51 points. Some Dow members scheduled to report earnings later this week include United Technologies Corp. UTX, +0.47% Boeing Co. BA, +0.80%  and Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.50%  on Wednesday; Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.58% Intel Corp. INTC, +0.33%  and Pfizer Inc. PFE, +0.06%  on Thursday; and Chevron Corp. CVX, +0.76%  and Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, +0.76%  on Friday. Apple Earnings: iPhone 7 Plus Could Save the Day(4:26) Can Apple come out of its recent earnings doldrums through higher prices for iPhones? WSJ's Tripp Mickle explains on Lunch Break with Tanya Rivero. Photo: AP “To maintain current valuations, earnings are becoming more critical in order to validate the expanding [price-to-earnings] multiples,” said Tom Stringfellow, chief investment officer at Frost Investment Advisors, in a note to clients. “Happily we are seeing some positive movements on the earnings front, as estimates produced at the beginning of the quarter are beginning to push higher.” The following shows how the stocks of all the reporting Dow companies have performed since the results were released, and how they affected the Dow’s price (the calculations of price contributions may not add up exactly because of rounding): Company (ticker) Report date Price change since report Affect on Dow’s price J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM) April 13 (before the open) +$2.86 (3.4%) +19.59 points Goldman Sachs (GS) April 18 (before the open) +37 cents (0.2%) +2.53 points UnitedHealth (UNH) April 18 (before the open) +$6.86 (4.1%) +46.98 points Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) April 18 (before the open) -$2.29 (1.8%) -15.68 points IBM (IBM) April 18 (after the close) -$9.66 (5.7%) -66.15 points American Express (AXP) April 19 (after the close) +$5.08 (6.7%) +34.79 points Verizon (VZ) April 20 (before the open) -$2.24 (4.6%) -15.34 points Travelers (TRV) April 20 (before the open) +92 cents (0.8%) +6.30 points Visa (V) April 20 (after the close) +96 cents (1.1%) +6.57 points General Electric (GE) April 21 (before the open) -82 cents (2.7%) -5.62 points DuPont (DD) April 25 (before the open) +$2.84 (3.6%) +19.45 points Caterpillar (CAT) April 25 (before the open) +$7.61 (7.9%) +52.12 points 3M (MMM) April 25 (before the open) +90 cents (0.5%) +6.16 points Coca-Cola (KO) April 25 (before the open) -17 cents (0.4%) -1.16 points McDonald’s (MCD) April 25 (before the open) $7.47 (5.6%) +51.16 points MarketWatch analysis of FactSet data More from MarketWatch Costco to pay special dividend of $7, increases quarterly dividend by 5 cents Star Cars of the Shanghai Auto Show 2017 Is the free food offer at Walt Disney World really worth it? Quote References DJIA +232.23 +1.12% JPM +0.76 +0.87% SPX +14.46 +0.61% CAT +7.61 +7.86% MCD +7.47 +5.57% UTX +0.55 +0.47% BA +1.45 +0.80% PG +0.45 +0.50% MSFT +0.39 +0.58% INTC +0.12 +0.33% PFE +0.02 +0.06% CVX +0.80 +0.76% XOM +0.62 +0.76% Show all references Most Popular Is the free food offer at Walt Disney World really worth it? Everyone loves these stocks — that’s why you should avoid them Costco to pay special dividend of $7, increases quarterly dividend by 5 cents Intel earnings: While waiting for Mobileye, an eye on competition Amateur Sailors Can Now Fly on Water Like America's Cup Skippers Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,996.12 +232.23 (+1.12%) Volume 348.2M Open 20,916 High 21,027 Low 20,909 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $88.26 +0.76 (+0.87%) Volume 17.4M Open $88.55 High $89.13 Low $88.26 P/E Ratio 13.6 Div Yield 2.27 Market Cap 300.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,388.61 +14.46 (+0.61%) Volume 2.3B Open 2,382 High 2,392 Low 2,381 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $104.42 +7.61 (+7.86%) Volume 18.2M Open $102.88 High $104.89 Low $102.00 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.95 Market Cap 55.3B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $141.70 +7.47 (+5.57%) Volume 10.6M Open $138.14 High $141.99 Low $137.18 P/E Ratio 26.14 Div Yield 2.65 Market Cap 109.0B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $116.87 +0.55 (+0.47%) Volume 3.3M Open $116.76 High $117.31 Low $116.41 P/E Ratio 19.17 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 92.2B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $183.51 +1.45 (+0.80%) Volume 3.7M Open $182.53 High $183.85 Low $182.53 P/E Ratio 23.99 Div Yield 3.1 Market Cap 109.7B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $90.00 +0.45 (+0.50%) Volume 8.2M Open $89.58 High $90.25 Low $89.47 P/E Ratio 26.45 Div Yield 3.06 Market Cap 226.6B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $67.92 +0.39 (+0.58%) Volume 24.8M Open $67.90 High $68.04 Low $67.60 P/E Ratio 32.04 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 513.1B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $36.87 +0.12 (+0.33%) Volume 21.3M Open $36.77 High $37.00 Low $36.66 P/E Ratio 17.47 Div Yield 2.96 Market Cap 171.3B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $33.76 +0.02 (+0.06%) Volume 18.0M Open $33.82 High $33.96 Low $33.71 P/E Ratio 28.98 Div Yield 3.79 Market Cap 200.3B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $106.73 +0.80 (+0.76%) Volume 4.5M Open $106.30 High $106.97 Low $106.18 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 4.05 Market Cap 198.7B Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $81.73 +0.62 (+0.76%) Volume 9.7M Open $81.43 High $81.93 Low $81.28 P/E Ratio 43.65 Div Yield 3.67 Market Cap 342.1B
Latest News Dow 20,996 +232.23 +1.12% Nasdaq 6,025 +41.67 +0.70% S&P 500 2,389 +14.46 +0.61% 3:04 A.M. ET Croda shares rise 4.8% after quarterly results, outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,462.96 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,271.95 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,266.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 386.48 2:30 A.M. ET Tullow Oil backs oil production guidance 2:29 A.M. ET Opinion If the Macron Trade is going to continue, he’s going to have to deliver 2:29 A.M. ET Credit Suisse plans $4 bln share capital increase 2:29 A.M. ET BAT plans to move to quarterly dividends from 2018 2:28 A.M. ET LSE profit jumps; eyes new investments 2:27 A.M. ET Antofagasta copper production rises 9.4% 2:26 A.M. ET Banco Santander profit up 14.3% on Spanish boost 2:24 A.M. ET Peugeot revenue up on higher margin car sales 2:24 A.M. ET Fresnillo on track to reach production guidance 2:23 A.M. ET Wynn Macau 1Q profit up 26% on year 2:22 A.M. ET Australian inflation rises more slowly than seen 2:21 A.M. ET Elliott rejects Arconic offer, extends proxy fight 2:21 A.M. ET América Móvil profit jumps on forex gains 2:19 A.M. ET BHP Billiton cuts coking coal, copper guidance 1:57 A.M. ET KPN earnings rise, will return €200 million Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Investing/Securities A big chunk of the Dow’s gains have come from earnings By Tomi Kilgore Published: Apr 25, 2017 4:53 p.m. ET Share Half the Dow components have reported results, with those stocks contributing about a third of the Dow’s gains littleny / Shutterstock.com Earnings are doing the heavy lifting for the Dow industrials By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Investors can thank earnings, as much as they can anything else, for the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s rally over the last couple of weeks. The surge this week in the Dow DJIA, +1.12% which posted the first back-to-back 200+-point gains since the two days following the U.S. election, is being attributed by many to the reduced risk of euro dissolution in the wake of French election results and hopes for corporate tax cuts and a budget deal. But there is a lot more to it than that. Since April 13, when J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.87%  kicked off first-quarter earnings reporting season before the market opened, 15 of the Dow’s 30 components have reported results through Tuesday morning, with 11 beating earnings expectations, according to FactSet. That 73% beat rate is above the 5-year average of 68% for S&P 500 index SPX, +0.61%  companies, FactSet said. More important, the shares of the Dow companies that have revealed results have gained a combined total of $20.69 in price since the reports were released through Tuesday, with 10 winners rising a combined $35.87 and five losers falling $15.01. The combined price gains added about 142 points to the Dow, which is a price-weighted index. That would represent about 35% of the Dow’s 404-point gain since earnings season started. Most of those earnings-related gains have come on Tuesday alone. The stocks of the five Dow companies that reported results added a combined 128 points to the Dow’s price, or more than half of the Dow’s 232-point rally. The biggest contributors were shares of Caterpillar Inc. CAT, +7.86% which added 52 points, and McDonald’s Corp. MCD, +5.57% which added about 51 points. Some Dow members scheduled to report earnings later this week include United Technologies Corp. UTX, +0.47% Boeing Co. BA, +0.80%  and Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.50%  on Wednesday; Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.58% Intel Corp. INTC, +0.33%  and Pfizer Inc. PFE, +0.06%  on Thursday; and Chevron Corp. CVX, +0.76%  and Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, +0.76%  on Friday. Apple Earnings: iPhone 7 Plus Could Save the Day(4:26) Can Apple come out of its recent earnings doldrums through higher prices for iPhones? WSJ's Tripp Mickle explains on Lunch Break with Tanya Rivero. Photo: AP “To maintain current valuations, earnings are becoming more critical in order to validate the expanding [price-to-earnings] multiples,” said Tom Stringfellow, chief investment officer at Frost Investment Advisors, in a note to clients. “Happily we are seeing some positive movements on the earnings front, as estimates produced at the beginning of the quarter are beginning to push higher.” The following shows how the stocks of all the reporting Dow companies have performed since the results were released, and how they affected the Dow’s price (the calculations of price contributions may not add up exactly because of rounding): Company (ticker) Report date Price change since report Affect on Dow’s price J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM) April 13 (before the open) +$2.86 (3.4%) +19.59 points Goldman Sachs (GS) April 18 (before the open) +37 cents (0.2%) +2.53 points UnitedHealth (UNH) April 18 (before the open) +$6.86 (4.1%) +46.98 points Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) April 18 (before the open) -$2.29 (1.8%) -15.68 points IBM (IBM) April 18 (after the close) -$9.66 (5.7%) -66.15 points American Express (AXP) April 19 (after the close) +$5.08 (6.7%) +34.79 points Verizon (VZ) April 20 (before the open) -$2.24 (4.6%) -15.34 points Travelers (TRV) April 20 (before the open) +92 cents (0.8%) +6.30 points Visa (V) April 20 (after the close) +96 cents (1.1%) +6.57 points General Electric (GE) April 21 (before the open) -82 cents (2.7%) -5.62 points DuPont (DD) April 25 (before the open) +$2.84 (3.6%) +19.45 points Caterpillar (CAT) April 25 (before the open) +$7.61 (7.9%) +52.12 points 3M (MMM) April 25 (before the open) +90 cents (0.5%) +6.16 points Coca-Cola (KO) April 25 (before the open) -17 cents (0.4%) -1.16 points McDonald’s (MCD) April 25 (before the open) $7.47 (5.6%) +51.16 points MarketWatch analysis of FactSet data More from MarketWatch Costco to pay special dividend of $7, increases quarterly dividend by 5 cents Star Cars of the Shanghai Auto Show 2017 Is the free food offer at Walt Disney World really worth it? Quote References DJIA +232.23 +1.12% JPM +0.76 +0.87% SPX +14.46 +0.61% CAT +7.61 +7.86% MCD +7.47 +5.57% UTX +0.55 +0.47% BA +1.45 +0.80% PG +0.45 +0.50% MSFT +0.39 +0.58% INTC +0.12 +0.33% PFE +0.02 +0.06% CVX +0.80 +0.76% XOM +0.62 +0.76% Show all references Most Popular Is the free food offer at Walt Disney World really worth it? Everyone loves these stocks — that’s why you should avoid them Costco to pay special dividend of $7, increases quarterly dividend by 5 cents Intel earnings: While waiting for Mobileye, an eye on competition Amateur Sailors Can Now Fly on Water Like America's Cup Skippers Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,996.12 +232.23 (+1.12%) Volume 348.2M Open 20,916 High 21,027 Low 20,909 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $88.26 +0.76 (+0.87%) Volume 17.4M Open $88.55 High $89.13 Low $88.26 P/E Ratio 13.6 Div Yield 2.27 Market Cap 300.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,388.61 +14.46 (+0.61%) Volume 2.3B Open 2,382 High 2,392 Low 2,381 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $104.42 +7.61 (+7.86%) Volume 18.2M Open $102.88 High $104.89 Low $102.00 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.95 Market Cap 55.3B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $141.70 +7.47 (+5.57%) Volume 10.6M Open $138.14 High $141.99 Low $137.18 P/E Ratio 26.14 Div Yield 2.65 Market Cap 109.0B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $116.87 +0.55 (+0.47%) Volume 3.3M Open $116.76 High $117.31 Low $116.41 P/E Ratio 19.17 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 92.2B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $183.51 +1.45 (+0.80%) Volume 3.7M Open $182.53 High $183.85 Low $182.53 P/E Ratio 23.99 Div Yield 3.1 Market Cap 109.7B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $90.00 +0.45 (+0.50%) Volume 8.2M Open $89.58 High $90.25 Low $89.47 P/E Ratio 26.45 Div Yield 3.06 Market Cap 226.6B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $67.92 +0.39 (+0.58%) Volume 24.8M Open $67.90 High $68.04 Low $67.60 P/E Ratio 32.04 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 513.1B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $36.87 +0.12 (+0.33%) Volume 21.3M Open $36.77 High $37.00 Low $36.66 P/E Ratio 17.47 Div Yield 2.96 Market Cap 171.3B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $33.76 +0.02 (+0.06%) Volume 18.0M Open $33.82 High $33.96 Low $33.71 P/E Ratio 28.98 Div Yield 3.79 Market Cap 200.3B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $106.73 +0.80 (+0.76%) Volume 4.5M Open $106.30 High $106.97 Low $106.18 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 4.05 Market Cap 198.7B Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $81.73 +0.62 (+0.76%) Volume 9.7M Open $81.43 High $81.93 Low $81.28 P/E Ratio 43.65 Div Yield 3.67 Market Cap 342.1B
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, P&G and 5 More Key Earnings Reports Coming Wednesday By Chris Lange April 25, 2017 12:45 pm EDT Print Email Tweet The U.S. broad markets posted a handy gain on Tuesday following a series of strong earnings reports. This was also a record session for the Nasdaq with the index hitting a new all-time high over the 6,000 mark. The broad markets have not performed this well on consecutive days since election day. 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of companies scheduled to report their quarterly results on Wednesday. So far five Dow stocks have reported this week, with about one-third of the companies in the Dow expected to announce their results this week. Only two Dow stocks are releasing their earnings on Wednesday. We have included the consensus earnings estimates from Thomson Reuters, as well as the stock price and trading history for these companies ahead of the report. Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ: AMGN) will share its latest quarterly earnings in the afternoon. The consensus estimates call for $3.00 in earnings per share (EPS) and $5.61 billion in revenue. Shares were last seen at $164.59, in a 52-week trading range of $133.64 to $184.21. The stock has a consensus analyst target of $185.23. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) first-quarter results are scheduled before the markets open. The consensus earnings estimate is $1.93 per share, on $21.34 billion in revenue. The shares traded at $183.28 on Tuesday. The consensus price target is $181.90, and the 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (NYSE: FCAU) is set to release its most recent quarterly results in the morning as well. The consensus forecast calls for $0.45 in EPS and $29.79 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $10.59. The consensus price target is $15.11, and the 52-week range is $5.45 to $11.63. Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE: LVS) is expected to report its most recent quarterly results later on Wednesday. The consensus forecast is for $0.61 in EPS and $3.1 billion in revenue. Shares were trading at $58.63, in a 52-week range of $41.45 to $63.38. The consensus price target is $60.35. PepsiCo Inc. (NYSE: PEP) first-quarter results are scheduled for the morning as well. The consensus estimate is $0.91 in EPS, on $11.98 billion in revenue. The shares were last seen at $114.36. The consensus price target is $119.47, and the 52-week trading range is $98.50 to $114.61. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) is also expected to report its most recent quarterly results early in the day. The consensus forecast is for $0.94 in EPS and $15.72 billion in revenue. Shares were last trading at $89.94, in a 52-week range of $79.10 to $92.00. The consensus price target is $92.50. Seagate Technology PLC (NASDAQ: STX) fiscal third-quarter results are scheduled for Wednesday afternoon. The consensus estimate is $1.07 in EPS, on $2.71 billion in revenue. The shares were last seen at $50.67. The consensus price target is $47.17, and the 52-week trading range is $18.42 to $50.96. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « AT&T Kicks Off 5G Network, Prepares to Fight Off Competing Bid for Straight Path Why Barrick’s Shadow Spreads Over Newmont and Gold Giants » Read more: Investing, Earnings, Amgen, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), FCAU, Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS), PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Seagate Technology (NASDAQ:STX) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States Why Aircraft Carriers Are Hard to Sink States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes Recent States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada Chipotle Takes a Big Bite Out of Earnings AT&T Makes Some Headway Meeting Earnings Estimates Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Better Buy: Glu Mobile vs. NetEase Wells Fargo's Board of Directors Just Dodged a Bullet The 3 Worst Performing Tech Stocks in April Netflix closes at a record high following Chinese content licensing deal Costco OKs special $7 dividend, increases quarterly dividend June WTI oil trades at $49.41/bbl, down from $49.56 Nymex settlement Here's Why Radware (RDWR) Stock Soared Today Universal Health Services (UHS) Reports Mixed Q1 Results Panera Bread (PNRA) Posts Q1 Earnings Miss, Revenue Beat Trump tax plan will sharply slash corporate tax rates Asian stocks near two-year high on U.S. optimism, euro steady Wells Fargo board gets black eye in shareholder vote Day Tripper Trump? US missile system claims another victim: Hyundai Motor Air Travel to U.S. Drops in 1Q, Canada, Mexico Gain Beware, The Dragon Frappuccino Is Coming For Your Last Shred Of Dignity Waymo Is Quietly Winning The Self-Driving Car Race Trump Waves Pen, Piece Of Paper At Rural America Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Hand Sanitizer Market Overview, Industry Chain Structure, Trends, Key Companies Profile and Forecast to 2022 “2017 Global Hand Sanitizer Industry Research Report” Global Hand Sanitizer Market report is replete with detailed analysis from a thorough research, especially on questions that border on market size, development environment, futuristic developments, operation situation, pathways and trends. Global Hand Sanitizer Market Reports is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the industry. The report provides a basic overview of the Hand Sanitizer industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins, and the global market size (volume and value), and the sales segment market is also discussed by product type, applications and region. Report Available at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-global-hand-sanitizer-industry-depth-research-report Key companies profiled in this report The Procter and Gamble company, Gojo industry Inc., Reckitt benckiser group Plc., Best sanitizers Inc., The Himalaya drug company, Henkel corporation, Unilever, Kutol products company, Linkwell corporation, Vi-Jon Laboratories, Inc. and more in terms of basic information, product categories, Sales (Volume), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017). Global Hand Sanitizer Market Report covers , Foam hand sanitizer, Gel hand sanitizer, Sanitizing hand wipes, Liquid hand sanitizer, Spray hand sanitizer and others as product types whereas applications covered in this report are Hospitals, Schools, Corporate segments, Restaurants, Military, Household purpose and Others (hotels, shopping plaza, etc.). Purchase Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/485299 Table of Contents: 1 Hand Sanitizer Market Overview 2 Global Hand Sanitizer Competitions by Players 3 Global Hand Sanitizer Competitions by Types 4 Global Hand Sanitizer Competitions by Application 5 Global Hand Sanitizer Production Market Analysis by Region 6 Global Hand Sanitizer Sales Market Analysis by Region 7 Imports and Exports Market Analysis 8 Global Hand Sanitizer Players Profiles and Sales Data 9 Hand Sanitizer Manufacturing Cost Analysis 10 Industrial Chain and Downstream Buyers 11 Marketing Channels Analysis 12 Global Hand Sanitizer Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Inquire for more details / sample / discount at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/485299 Media Contact Company Name: The Market Reports Contact Person: Shirish Gupta Email: sales@themarketreports.com Phone: +16314071315 Address:SF-29, Sacred World, Wanawadi City: Pune State: Maharastra Country: India Website: www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-global-hand-sanitizer-industry-depth-research-report CategoriesUncategorized TagsLifestyle, Living, Manufacturing & Industry, Public Affairs, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rubrik’s Market-leading Cloud Data Management Platform Now Runs in AWS and Microsoft Azure Next PostNext Global Optical Lens Material Market – Projected to Exhibit a CAGR of 7.76% During 2016-2021 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts United States Leukemia Therapeutics Market: Comprehensive Analysis, Perspective and Forecast, 2017 – 2022 Global Dental Prosthetics Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.55% during Forecast period 2016-2020 Epubor Announces The World’s #1 Epubor Audible Converter for Windows Floor Coating Market in Europe 2016-2020 – Akzo Nobel, DAW, PPG & Tikkurila are the leading Market Players Global Dressing Trolleys Market Analysis, Share and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report Proudly powered by WordPress
SME.sk Viac Správy Najnovšie Najčítanejšie Domov Regióny Ekonomika Svet Kultúra Šport Služby Inzeráty Naničmama NaPizzu Osobné financie Práca Reality Recenzie Reštaurácie Zoznámenie Počasie Blogy Zľavy Dovolenka 2017 Viac Prihlásený USERNAME Nastavenie Post.sk Odhlásenie Prihlásenie Váš e-mail: Vaše heslo: Zabudli ste heslo? |Registrovať For our websites to work correctly, it is necessary to have Javascript turned on. We use Cookies to improve our services. You can get more detailed info on their use and settings here. OK We have noticed that you have an ad blocking tool switched on. Revenues from Ads help our site to bring you more information about Slovakia. If you visit our website regularly, you can support us by adding us on the list of unblocked websites (whitelist). Thank you. ✖       Items in shopping cart: View Lost in Bratislava? Impossible with our City Guide! Spectator on facebook HOME News Opinion International Business PROPERTIES Culture & lifestyle Sport TRAVEL DIRECTORY FAQ: LIFE IN SK SHOP Search Menu Show all sections AMCHAM BLOG Blog: We can always count on the nerds… Brands need to focus on doing good and that this approach is the only option if they want to stay relevant, credible and even profitable, says Thomas Kolster. Thomas Kolster speaking(Source: Courtesy of AmCham) Font size:A-|A+0 Thomas Kolster believes that brands and marketers have a much bigger role and responsibility than just increasing their sales. He claims that brands need to focus on doing good and that this approach is the only option if they want to stay relevant, credible and even profitable. He calls on brands to accept their responsibility for the future of mankind and to create real value. And when you listen to him and see his energy, passion, enthusiasm and persisting optimism, it is hard not to believe this man… We’re living in times when the digital revolution is transforming existing industries and creating new ones. How would you describe the main changes happening in the marketing industry? There’s no doubt that digital is transforming the world of advertising and branding. I don’t think there’s any industry today that is not influenced by digital. It begins at the very top of companies in terms of how many digital competencies the board has, if there are any digital experts on the board, and so on. That is, of course, one driving force of change. That said, I think we are ignoring four other things. Look at the five biggest megatrends that are going to shape our society in the next thirty years. The other four would be sustainability related challenges. These are resource scarcity, climate change, urbanization, and also demographic change, which is very important to look at. I am going to Japan this week. The median age in Japan is 47 while in Nigeria it is 19. It really changes how you have to do this outreach. So digital is definitely changing everything but I do think that there are some perimeters that I would call sustainability related perimeters that we need to take very seriously very soon. In your book “Goodvertising” you describe a completely different approach to communication and marketing. How do you envision the mission of the communication industry? What kind of happened is that everything is changing. We talk about digital. When I started in advertising school, we had all these mass media channels and it was very easy for brands to dominate the conversation. Today the approach is completely different. Donald Trump is probably a very good example of how you want to circumvent the traditional power structures of media and reach out through social media directly to people. It’s a symbol of the changes that are happening. Look at Selena Gomez, who can charge 550 000 USD for a single Instagram post. That is the equivalent of about seven to nine full pages in the New York Times. So it kind of shows something is changing in the media landscape. Secondly, I think we all have become these small media houses. Twelve-year-old kids have their own Instagram and Snapchat accounts, so we’re all part of communicating stuff. In this situation, brands need to understand that they need to be ultra-relevant. We need to be focused 100% on people and what matters to people. For me, the concept of Goodvertising is really quite simple. If you think about it, not many people talk about hygiene pads on Facebook or social media. We want to talk about the things that matter in our lives. The brands need to be even more focused on giving us that value. And the marketing and advertising may suggest that we as people should be in the center of that conversation. People ask “what is interesting for me” or “what is it that your brand can do for me”. In the past, advertising served just to create propaganda products. This doesn’t really work anymore. Something is happening and people are more and more turning their back on traditional advertising, so brands need to create value. What is the main factor behind this change? Is it the digital revolution we have mentioned, or is it originating from the customers, or perhaps the brands themselves? I think we could identify at least two of those tendencies. Of course it is influenced by the digital revolution which is giving much more transparency to everything and putting some of the media into our own hands. But I also think that we are just getting more aware of our role as consumers. If you go back to the 90s, people talked a lot about boycotting products. That was the way that you’d punish companies. Today a lot of people might think differently. It’s more about opting in and choosing the brands and products that you like rather than boycotting those that you don’t like. And thirdly and I don’t think we can ignore the fact that there is some sort of social consciousness happening. People are getting more aware and they are expecting much more of companies than they used to. And this is not just a consumer thing but if you look at the European Union, it is also in many aspects a legislative thing. A lot more pressure is being put on companies and the role they play than before. The classic Milton Friedman “the business of business is business” is not really something that would resonate with a lot of CEOs today. The role of CEOs has changed. Look at Mark Zuckerberg, who is in his early 30s and one of the richest guys on the planet. These young CEOs, these types of young companies, they have a completely different perspective on the role of companies. Corporate culture has changed as well. So all three of these trends are responsible for the ongoing changes: the change in corporate culture, the change in consumer expectations and thirdly, of course, the increasing pressure from digital. When you introduce your concept around the world, do you meet with any resistance from mainstream marketing? Can marketing really be based on truth and moral values? People are always afraid of change. My key message is that applying the goodvertising principles is actually more profitable. If you look at these types of brands, they outperform their peers. The second thing which is happening all over the place right now is the rise of adblocker. Marketers are increasingly dealing with consumers who are not satisfied with an opt-out but demand an opt-in system. The message they send is “we are going to tell you when we want advertising, not the other way around”. The fact that you have markets that believe they’re an island, or marketers that believe they’re an island like the nationalist opting that we see now in more and more markets in Europe is for my part ridiculous. Of course people look to brands like Redbull, or Unilever and see what these companies are doing. It’s a trend you cannot ignore. Last year’s Cannes Lions festival, which is like the world cup of advertising and Superbowl this year, which is a good barometer of how things are going in advertising, were both very much focused around social issues and social equality. In general, from a marketer’s point of view, more brands need to dare speak up and if you as a brand don’t have the guts to do that, people start questioning your authenticity. And that can be very dangerous for any brand whether you are a Slovakian company or a global company. I see this very much in the big Fortune 500 companies that are aware of this trend and they are checking a lot of steps to mitigate some of these risks and also use the available opportunities in this space. It is true that people, especially the younger generation, are so overwhelmed with advertising that they are slowly becoming immune to all commercial messages. On the other hand, consumerism doesn’t seem to be in decline. How can this be explained? If we look at where consumerism is heading, we do see niche cultures which go the extra length to act according to their beliefs. Personally I am most interested in mainstream consumerism. How we consume is changing. Of course we’re still consumers; we still look at symbol value, the status symbol of what we use and how we use it. But those symbols are quickly changing. We are beginning to see a lot of celebrities promoting the sustainable mindset so the mission is to make the mainstream green and I think a lot of companies are doing that already. A couple of weeks ago, Procter & Gamble launched a campaign for their Head & Shoulders brand where all the packaging is made of reclaimed ocean plastics. There are more examples like this one and I think this approach is definitely becoming a part of mainstream culture. Sustainability is something we need to fix. It’s not like it’s going to go away if we put our heads in the sand and cross our fingers hoping for the best. All four of the global megatrends I mentioned earlier that are going to shape our society are related to sustainability. Water is a good example. Today, in many regions of the world, water is very precious. Big brands are closing their plants in these regions because they can’t produce what they need to due to a lack of water. The question is how do we create a system where we still consume but in a smarter way? Answers such as closed loops recycling or the circle economy are emerging. All CEO surveys indicate that sustainability challenges are now taken much more seriously and consumers across Europe are beginning to evaluate products based on a different set of criteria where social and environmental issues rank quite high. So I think that these two trends are hopefully coming together. Do you worry about advertisers abusing the sustainability discourse just to improve a brand’s image and profits without actually believing in its message and values? Scepticism is always present when it comes to any important change in society. I think people always forget the bigger picture. Let me share my view on humanity in general. I’m super optimistic about our ability to survive. Right now we are digging our own graves in terms of endangering the livelihood of our own planet. But we can always count on the nerds, we can always count on clever people. These sustainability nerds are already doing amazing stuff that nobody thought possible. A lot of people talk about sustainability being a society of less. I don’t believe that. I think a sustainable society is a society of abundance. So you have people like these guys from Stanford who are building a village outside of Amsterdam, which is 100% self-sufficient in terms of energy, food, everything, so it can be taken off the grid. That means no power to electricity companies and all that stuff. You see people who are able to grow abundance in food out of bacteria or mushrooms, you see people being able to grow clothing out of mushrooms and bacteria. So we are just beginning to understand the world of living organisms that we’re part of and that nature can give us whatever we want if we understand its rules. I think the press is not good enough at communicating some of these landmark discoveries that are happening right now. So for me, I go to work much more inspired than I ever did and much more hopeful than I ever was. And the role of communication and the role of brands is to give people a different vision. Brands need to lead. They need to tell us these stories about a healthy, sustainable future. We all want that. By the end of the day, we all want to bring up our kids in a healthy, creative, educational environment. So I think ultimately, sustainability for me is a real dream of marketing. Actually selling people a better life and not just an illusion of a better life. Hopefully, we’ll get there one day. Thomas Kolster, Mr. Goodvertising is author, speaker, thought-leader Originally published in Connection, the magazine published by AmCham Slovakia 25. Apr 2017 at 14:40  | Thomas Kolster Share on Facebook (0) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Top stories Danko’s office opens MPs’ letters OĽaNO wants Danko to step down as parliament’s speaker after what they call an unprecedented measure. Government ignores anticorruption demands Photo Protesters gave the government two weeks to fulfil their demands. Drivers in Bratislava should prepare for worse traffic Dissatisfied taxi drivers will go on a protest ride from Petržalka to Lamač on Wednesday. Slovakia reports first case of measles The 25-year-old Italian suffering from the disease studies in Košice. 24 hours 3 days 7 days 1. It’s not easy being an ‘alien’ in Slovakia 2. Slovak AeroMobil starts taking pre-orders for its flying car Photo 3. Drivers in Bratislava should prepare for worse traffic 4. USA military convoy to drive through Slovakia 5. Government ignores anticorruption demands Photo 6. Schwechat airport scares with Bratislava 7. Suicide game does not exist and visa-free regime for Ukrainians is not a lie 8. Unions will protest against new rules for hiring foreigners 9. Slovakia reports first case of measles 10. EU parliaments to create joint group to supervise Europol activities 1. It’s not easy being an ‘alien’ in Slovakia 2. Slovak AeroMobil starts taking pre-orders for its flying car Photo 3. Unknown places worth visiting in Slovakia Photo 4. Suicide game does not exist and visa-free regime for Ukrainians is not a lie 5. Bratislava will be for free again Photo 6. USA military convoy to drive through Slovakia 7. Drivers in Bratislava should prepare for worse traffic 8. Legitimising fake news 9. President Kiska uses train for first time Photo 10. One-fourth of students to be lost to brain drain 1. Bratislava will be for free again Photo 2. It’s not easy being an ‘alien’ in Slovakia 3. After spring weather, Slovakia faces record cold and snow Photo 4. 24 injured in accident blocking highway near Poprad Video 5. Unknown places worth visiting in Slovakia Photo 6. One-fourth of students to be lost to brain drain 7. Slovak AeroMobil starts taking pre-orders for its flying car Photo 8. About 5,000 marched against corruption Photo 9. Google's Artificial intelligence system translates Slovak more accurately 10. Suicide game does not exist and visa-free regime for Ukrainians is not a lie Services and publications Properties Newspaper Slovakia - Travel guide eSpectator Online directory Book of Lists Career guide Investment guide Monitoring Latest issue ADVERTISEMENT Optical Transceiver PROFESSIONALS in Slovakia Quinceanera Dresses LAW FIRMS IN SLOVAKIA DHgate - a marketplace from China About us Contact us Ad rates For schools Links Regional newspaper Newsfeed RSS Newsletter Other webpages: Post.sk Új Szó Sme.sk Petit Academy SME v škole © Copyright 2015 The Rock, s.r.o.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman By 2022, U.S Pet Food Market will hit $30.01 billion, with CAGR 3.36%: Zion Market Research According to the report, U.S. pet food market was valued at over USD 24.60 billion in 2016, is expected to reach above USD 30.01 billion in 2022 and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of slightly above 3.36% between 2017 and 2022. /EIN News/ — Sarasota, FL, April 25, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Zion Market Research, the market research group announced the analysis report titled „Pet Food Market (Wet Food, Dry Food, Nutrition, Snacks and Others) for Cats, Dogs, and Other Animals: U.S Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022„. The study concludes that the U.S pet food market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.36% between 2017 and 2022. The market revenue of $24.60 billion in 2016 is expected to grow up to $30.01 billion by 2022 Pet food is convenient to use and is extremely loved by the pets owing to great taste and huge meat content. Pet food is available in various forms such as dry, wet, snacks and nutritious which offers variety for the pet owners. Typically sold in pet stores and supermarkets, it is usually specific to the type of animals, such as dog food or cat food. Most meat used for nonhuman animals is a byproduct of the human food industry. Browse through 5 Market Tables and 15 Figures spread through 110 Pages and in-depth TOC on “U.S. Pet Food Market: By Type, Brands, Products, Statistics, Companies, Size, Share, Industry Segments and Forecast, 2016-2022”. Request Free Sample copy of Pet Food Market Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/pet-food-market The sharp rise in pet humanization and concerns along with increasing disposable income is expected to fuel the growth of the pet food market in near future. Reluctance for daily cooking in the majority of the U.S populace is likely to urge the market growth in coming years. Availability of different pet food products in the market may impel the growth of the market in the forecast period. Growing occurrence of obese pets had regulated various laws for nutrition content of the pet food which may obstruct the growth of the pet food market in coming years. Nevertheless, the introduction of high nutritious value food is expected to endow the pet food market with ample opportunities in the forecast period. Some of the major pet food products include dry food, wet food, nutrition food, snacks and others. Dry food held the major slice of the pie in 2015 and is likely to clutch the market in the coming years. Dry food encompasses longer shelf life as compared to wet food coupled with ease of storage. Yet, nutrition food is likely to uphold the pet food market in the near future owing to growing anxiety for pet’ health.  Dogs, cats, and others are the major end users for the pet food market. The other segment includes birds and fish. Dogs segment dominated the market owing to the majority of the pet food are consumed by dogs. Cats segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment owing to growing affection towards cats. Browse the full „Pet Food Market (Wet Food, Dry Food, Nutrition, Snacks and Others) for Cats, Dogs, and Other Animals: U.S Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2022” report at https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/pet-food-market In the pet food market, U.S was the highest revenue generating region across the globe in 2015. It was noted that around 60 % of houses possess pets in U.S which in turn drives the pet food market. U.S ranked first in the pet population across the globe in 2015, this may impetus on the growth of the pet food market in upcoming years. Moreover, the growing concern for pet’s health has resulted in high expenditure on pets in the U.S. This trend is expected to drive the pet food market in this region. Increasing vogue for different pets may persuade the pet food market growth in coming years. Increasing disposable income is anticipated to trigger the growth of pet food market in this region in the coming years. Inquire more about this report before purchase @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/pet-food-market Some of the global major players in the pet food are Mars Petcare Inc., Big Heart Pet Brands, P&G PetCare, Nestle Purina PetCare, Hill’s Pet Nutrition, Diamond Pet Foods, Deuerer, Blue Buffalo, WellPet and Heristo AG. Mars and Nestle are the major contributors bolstering the growth of the pet food market in U.S. Request customized copy of report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/custom/221 This report segments the U.S. pet food market as follows: Pet Food Market: Product Analysis Dry food Wet food Nutrition food Snacks Others Pet Food Market: End Users Analysis Dogs Cats Others Related Reports: About Us: Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristic, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from cardinal industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us. Follow Us LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/zion-market-research Follow Us Twitter: https://twitter.com/zion_research 
                    Contact Us:
                    
                    Joel John
                    
                    4283, Express Lane, Suite 634-143,
                    Sarasota, Florida 34249, United States
                    Tel: +49-322 210 92714
                    USA/Canada Toll-Free No.1-855-465-4651
                    Email: sales@zionmarketresearch.com
                    Website: https://www.zionmarketresearch.com
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fingerprint Biometrics Machine – Global Industry Size, Share, Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext MC Squared Energy Services, LLC Announces Guaranteed Energy Savings Program Search Recent Posts Report on the Successful Demonstration of Innovative Basic Technologies for Future Optical Access Network „Elastic Lambda Aggregation Network” Tax predictability is key to driving investment NZ annual net migration shows no sign of cooling Birth Control App Offers Free Birth Control to Women in Missouri Trillion Dollar Market Reimagined by Non-Traditional Team. Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Facial Wipes Market-Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022 ReportsnReports.com added a new report Facial Wipes Market 2017 enhances the decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. This market research report offers a complete breakdown of the global Facial Wipes market through exhaustive information on industry-authenticated market data, facts, statistics, and insights. An apt set of approaches and suppositions in the report back the market forecasts. The report scrutinizes the market by an exhaustive analysis on market dynamics, market size, current trends, issues, challenges, competition analysis, and companies involved. Complete report on Facial Wipes market spread across 129 pages, profiling 22 companies and supported with tables and figures is now available @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=971289 The report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Facial Wipes industry analysis is provided for the international markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. Key Manufacturers Analysis of Facial Wipes Market: P&G, Kimberly-Clark, Nice-Pak Products, Johnson & Johnson, SC Johnson, Clorox, Beiersdorf, 3M, Georgia-Pacific, Cascades, Diamond Wipes International, Rockline Industries etc. With tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Order a copy of this latest research report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=971289  Connect us sales@reportsandreports.com with subject line “2017 Market Research Report on Global Facial Wipes Industry “ and your contact details to purchase this report or get your questions answered. OR Call Us @ +1 888 391 5441. About Us: ReportsnReports.com offers market research reports to businesses, entities and organizations with an objective of assisting them in their decision making process. Our collection of 500,000+ industry & nation research reports shields 5000+ micro markets. We provide 24X7 available, online and offline support to our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFacial Wipes, Facial Wipes Industry, Facial Wipes Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Liver Disease Treatment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Next PostNext Mobile Augmented Reality Market Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. Announces Consolidated Results for First Quarter 2017 K92 Mining Inc (KNTNF: OTCQB) | Management Discussion and Analysis Golden Star Enterprises Ltd. (GSPT: OTC Pink Current) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Wee-Cig International Corporation (WCIG: OTC Pink Current) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Catalog System Maintenance Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections News Eric Frein Trial Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Starrucca Viaduct getting $3 million for rehabilitation High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Most Read Recent Comments Man in custody after police chase Police: Pair charged after attempted Carbondale drug deal Blakely police seek brothers accused of severely beating man Woman accused of stealing more than $50,000 from mother Scott Twp. man accused of possessing child pornography Today's Frein testimony concludes; sister testifies, says she grew up in an abusive house Dunmore man pleads no contest on child abuse charges Blizzard alters school calendars Local school districts extended the school year, pushed back graduations and held classes during scheduled days off to make up snow days, many from the record-breaking blizzard that dumped 22.1 inches of snow in parts of Northeast Pennsylvania. (read more) Scranton council candidates debate Six candidates running in the Democratic primary election for nominations to three seats on Scranton City Council debated topics Monday ranging from the recent sewer sale to the city’s plan for stormwater management. (read more) Nancy Berg, original host of hit ‘Hatchy Milatchy’ show, dies Nancy Berg, the original host of WNEP-TV’s hit children’s show “The Land of Hatchy Milatchy” in the 1950s and ’60s, is being remembered as a local broadcasting pioneer and trailblazing businesswoman. (read more) Out-of-county judge rules against Friends of Lackawanna appeal in landfill case An out-of-county judge ruled against Friends of Lackawanna and a half dozen Dunmore residents in an appeal of a borough zoning board ruling involving the height of the Keystone Sanitary Landfill. (read more) Two men found dead in city in separate incidents; foul play not suspected SCRANTON — Police found two men dead in public places in the city Sunday. Expressway at (read more) Man charged with trying to strangle wife A city man is accused of attempting to strangle his wife early Sunday morning. City police were dispatched to 1911 Lafayette St. about 3:40 a.m. Sunday for the report of a domestic incident there. (read more) Blakely police seek brothers accused of severely beating man BLAKELY — Borough police are seeking two men suspected of severely beating a man early Sunday morning. (read more) Old Forge grad McMyne set for PNC Field debut Ever since he signed his contract with Cincinnati and turned pro in 2011, Kyle McMyne has known when Louisville makes its annual visit to PNC Field. (read more) STAFF REPORT / Published: April 25, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     HARRISBURG — Railroad projects in Northeast Pennsylvania will get $4 million from the State Transportation Commission. On Monday, Gov. Tom Wolf said $40 million invested statewide will support 375 jobs. Projects include: n $175,000 to the Luzerne County Redevelopment Authority for bridge repair in Lackawanna and Luzerne counties; n $639,249 to the Delaware-Lackawanna Railroad Co. to repair bridges in Lackawanna and Monroe counties; n $249,900 to Procter & Gamble Paper Products, Washington Twp., for railyard improvements; n $3 million to rehabilitate Starrucca Viaduct, Lanesboro. n $210,000 to repair a steel deck truss bridge over the Delaware River to New York in Pike County. — JON O’CONNELL We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Wednesday, April 26, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Tax Plan Gives Favorable Rate to Businesses Big and Small By JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS, ALAN RAPPEPORT, KATE KELLY and RACHEL ABRAMS 9:34 PM ET Republicans are likely to embrace the proposed 15-percent business tax rate that would apply to everything from mom-and-pop outfits to President Trump’s own real estate empire. But the plan omits the border adjustment import tax of House Republicans, which would have raised substantial revenue to offset the deep cuts. The ‘Voodoo Economics’ of the Laffer Curve Return 1:00 AM ET Trump Rides Market Wave, but Business Looks for Results By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ, PATRICIA COHEN and LANDON THOMAS Jr. 9:08 PM ET Talk of a corporate tax cut helped fuel a stock rally, but executives say it is too soon to judge whether the president can deliver on his promises. Judge Blocks Effort to Cut Funding to ‘Sanctuary Cities’ By VIVIAN YEE A federal judge in California temporarily halted the administration’s efforts to withhold funding from cities that limit their cooperation with federal immigration enforcement.  Comments Omissions by Flynn on Russia May Have Been Illegal By EMMARIE HUETTEMAN and ADAM GOLDMAN Lawmakers from both parties said Michael T. Flynn, Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser, may have violated the law by not disclosing his business dealings with Russia as required.  Comments Threat of Shutdown Fades as Trump Retreats on Wall By JENNIFER STEINHAUER, MATT FLEGENHEIMER and PETER BAKER Lawmakers are negotiating a spending bill that would supply no money for a border wall but would increase funding for the military and other border security measures. Executive Order Is Expected to Expand Access to Fossil Fuels By CORAL DAVENPORT 9:00 PM ET The moves to expand offshore drilling and roll back conservation on public lands would begin to fulfill a campaign promise to create thousands of jobs in energy. More in Politics Trump Picks an Ex-Marine to Lead Secret Service Lumber Tariff Adds Wrinkle to Nafta Talks With Canada Forceful Tone From Trump at Holocaust Ceremony The Daily 360 2:15 A Reconciliation Village in Rwanda Megan Specia/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » How a Nation Reconciles After Genocide Killed Nearly a Million People Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Azarenka began hitting balls again on Feb. 4, but she has focused mostly on fitness to prevent injuries. Credit James Hill for The New York Times With Baby in Tow, a Star Returns to Tennis — and Her Roots After an extended break from competition, Victoria Azarenka is training in her native Belarus with a new coach and a new traveling companion: her infant son. By CHRISTOPHER CLAREY  Comments Your Wednesday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 2:34 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ What happens if the U.S. government shuts down? We look at the stakes, and the politics. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Match Book Great Memoirs That Go Light on Catastrophe A reader (and writer) of memoirs notes that dysfunction and disease haunt the genre. What can he read that’s trauma-free?  Comments Blackboard Be Nice — You Won’t Finish Last By SARAH MASLIN NIR There are two kinds of popular people: the likable and the status seekers. Which kind are you? It matters. Fox News Faces New Racial Discrimination Lawsuit By SYDNEY EMBER Eleven current and former employees filed a class-action suit accusing the network of “abhorrent, intolerable, unlawful and hostile racial discrimination.” Marine Le Pen Gets a Lift From the Far Left By ADAM NOSSITER Jean-Luc Mélenchon, the far-left fourth-place finisher in France’s presidential vote, has refused to back Ms. Le Pen’s centrist opponent in the runoff, giving her an opportunity. 4:29 The Young Voters Who Dream of a President Le Pen By CAMILLA SCHICK Trump’s Silence Hints of Diminished Enthusiasm for Le Pen Western Populism May Be Entering an Awkward Adolescence Russian Hackers Who Targeted Clinton Appear to Attack Macron Paraguay Heist: Explosives, Guns and Getaway Boats By SIMON ROMERO Outlaws stole millions in a robbery in the so-called Triple Frontier where Paraguay, Brazil and Argentina meet. Three were killed in a shootout in Brazil, and at least eight others were captured. In China, Daydreaming Students Are Caught on Camera By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ Students see live-streaming video of classrooms as an intrusion, prompting a debate in China about privacy, educational ethics and helicopter parenting.  Comments Amtrak Weighs Extended Penn Station Track Closings By EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS and PATRICK McGEEHAN Officials say the move, which would cause huge disruptions, is needed because the terminal requires an urgent overhaul. City Commits $100 Million to Manhattan Greenway By SARAH MASLIN NIR Mayor Bill de Blasio announced plans for an esplanade to shrink the East Side gap between 41st and 61st Streets in the Manhattan Waterfront Greenway. More News Missile Defense System Takes Shape in South Korea 10:48 PM ET China Launches First Aircraft Carrier Built at Home 1:09 AM ET United Passenger Was Violent in Removal, Police Say Shareholders Re-elect Wells Fargo Directors 10:20 PM ET Public Editor: Intemperate Words, Temperate News Coverage The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Genoa Isn’t Florence or Rome. That’s Its Charm. The author has prowled the streets of the Italian city for over 15 years, wondering the whole time why there are so few other people doing the same thing. A Journey Through Baja California’s Wine Country Vineyards and culinary marvels beckon in the austere backcountry of the Valle de Guadalupe in Mexico. In London, Class Warfare of a Different Stripe A court in the British capital has ruled that a woman had every right to paint her house in candy-cane red and white, even if only to spite her neighbors. The Opinion Pages Editorial The Flynn Story Isn’t Going Away The White House won’t answer questions about Michael Flynn’s Russia ties, and the House oversight committee’s chairman won’t open an investigation. Brooks: Jane Addams Model Leonhardt: The Urgency of Ethnic Nationalism Join us on Facebook » Why Abortion Is a Progressive Economic Issue By BRYCE COVERT If you care about inequality, you can’t ignore reproductive rights. Collins, Labash: All I Know Is What I Read in the Fake News How Wrestling Explains Alex Jones and Donald Trump Was the Pope Wrong to Compare Refugee Centers to Concentration Camps? What Trump’s Budget Means for the Filet-O-Fish User Subscriptions Reporting on People Who ‘Don’t Exist’ Introducing All the News That’s Fit to Snap Times Insider » Reporting on People Who ‘Don’t Exist’ The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music Operatic Codependency? Put Wagner on the Couch Opinion College After Foster Care? The Odds Are Not in Our Favor It’s almost impossible to earn a degree when we are forced out of the system at 18. Magazine The Border Is All Around Us, and It’s Growing N.Y. / Region Walking Over the Hudson Opinion Say Goodbye to the Filet-O-Fish Movies ‘Obit’: Writing Death Notices for The Times Times Insider When Sources Are Strangers on the Train Opinion Five Decades Ago in Vietnam, a Different Great, Great Wall A plan to build a barrier to seal off South Vietnam from the North was rejected in the 1960s. But the idea lived on. Multimedia/Photos Lens: Abuelas Who Keep Mexico in Their Hearts Business Day Top Ad Woman Thinks Industry Has Far to Go Opinion India’s New Face India’s Hindu nationalists are pushing hard to turn the country into an exclusionary Hindu nation. Style Forget Netflix and Chill. Try Pure Flix and Pray. Sections World » Missile Defense System Takes Shape in South Korea as North Holds Drills The Interpreter: Western Populism May Be Entering an Awkward Adolescence Salat Island Journal: A Refuge for Orangutans, and a Quandary for Environmentalists Business Day » Fox News Faces New Racial Discrimination Lawsuit Debt Crisis Shakes Chinese Town, Pointing to Wider Problems Trump’s Tax Plan: Low Rate for Corporations, and for Companies Like His Opinion » Op-Ed Contributors: What Trump’s Budget Means for the Filet-O-Fish Editorial: Money Talked Loudest at Donald Trump’s Inaugural David Brooks: The Jane Addams Model U.S. » On This Block, Worries Run Deeper Than Flint’s Tainted Water Trump Is Expected to Sign Orders That Could Expand Access to Fossil Fuels Judge Blocks Trump Effort to Withhold Money From Sanctuary Cities Technology » Feature: Can Facebook Fix Its Own Worst Bug? Waymo to Offer Phoenix Area Access to Self-Driving Cars Father in Thailand Kills 11-Month-Old Daughter Live on Facebook Arts » Critic's Notebook: Bringing Tito Puente’s Fire to a New Generation Review: A Scam Artist’s Masterwork in ‘Six Degrees of Separation’ Claudia Rankine and Will Rawls: Surveillance and the Black Experience Politics » Trump’s Tax Plan: Low Rate for Corporations, and for Companies Like His Trump Is Expected to Sign Orders That Could Expand Access to Fossil Fuels Arthur Laffer’s Theory on Tax Cuts Comes to Life Once More Fashion & Style » A Debate Over the Home of New York’s Fashion Industry Up Next: Chuck Grant, Rising Photographer, Shoots for Kodak and Her Sister, Lana Del Rey LVMH to Take Control of Christian Dior in $13.1 Billion Deal Movies » Review: ‘Obit’ Follows the Team That Writes Death Notices for The Times Madonna Criticizes Planned Film About Her Early Years Review: ‘Bang! The Bert Berns Story,’ With Juicy Showbiz Lore New York » Amtrak Said to Weigh Extended Track Closings for Penn Station Repairs New York City’s Subway System Violates Local and Federal Laws, Disability Groups Say Cuomo Hires Maria Comella, a Christie Consultant, as Chief of Staff Sports » With Baby in Tow, Victoria Azarenka Returns to Tennis — and Her Roots Derek Jeter and Jeb Bush Are Said to Move Closer to Purchase of Marlins On Pro Basketball: Bucks, a Youthful Bunch, Are Facing a Bright Future Theater » Review: A Scam Artist’s Masterwork in ‘Six Degrees of Separation’ Review: ‘Anastasia,’ a Russian Princess With an Identity Crisis With Clock Ticking, a New Musical Makes Its Final Fixes Science » Basics: As Rains Ease in the West, Cactuses Shine Brighter Than Ever Video Games Help Model Brain’s Neurons Trilobites: Some Surprising Dog Breeds Have Ancient American Heritage Obituaries » Greg Marius, Who Sought Profit in Street Ball in Harlem, Dies at 59 Chuck Wielgus, 67, Who Empowered U.S. Swimming and Apologized in a Scandal, Dies Benjamin R. Barber, Author of ‘Jihad vs. McWorld,’ Dies at 77 Television » Review: ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Creates a Chilling Man’s World Review: ‘Great News,’ Served Up by a Dysfunctional Crew Watching: Margaret’s 6 TV Programs to Watch This Week Health » Learning to Talk Like a Woman (or Man) Personal Health: After Knee or Hip Replacement, No Place Like Home Patient Voices: Epilepsy Travel » A Journey Through Baja California’s Wine Country Carry-On: What Anthony Bourdain Can’t Travel Without Favorite Place: Genoa Isn’t Rome or Florence. That’s Part of Its Charm. Books » Books of The Times: An Artist Fears She’s a Fraud in ‘A Line Made by Walking’ Books of The Times: Paula Hawkins’s ‘Into the Water’ Dives Into Murky Skulduggery The Enthusiast: In Praise of Derek Walcott’s Epic of the Americas Education » SUNY Is Set to Make Kristina Johnson, an Engineer, Its Chancellor Ousted Over Sexual Misconduct Claims, and On to the Next Teaching Job Scientists, Feeling Under Siege, March Against Trump Policies Food » Restaurant Review: Union Square Cafe Returns, With More Than a Dash of Déjà Vu The Single Most Important Ingredient American Brandy Is Surging, Even in Whiskey Country Sunday Review » The Planet Can’t Stand This Presidency Editorial: For Women, It’s Not Just the O’Reilly Problem Frank Bruni: Food, Sex and Silence Real Estate » Trump Policy Impact on Real Estate Still Unclear 360 View: The Dreaded Co-op Board Application Goes Online What's Selling Now: Homes That Sold for Around $750,000 The Upshot » Political Calculus: Big Turnout for Ossoff Surpassed Recent Democratic Benchmarks The New Health Care: Spend a Dollar on Drug Treatment, and Save More on Crime Reduction Economic View: How Best to Tax Business Magazine » Feature: Can Facebook Fix Its Own Worst Bug? First Words: The Border Is All Around Us, and It’s Growing On Sports: Could Legalized Gambling Save Us From the Insufferability of Fantasy Sports? Automobiles » Supreme Court Rebuffs G.M.’s Bid to Limit Ignition-Switch Lawsuits Driven: Video Review: Jaguar Figures Out the Compact Sport Sedan Waymo to Offer Phoenix Area Access to Self-Driving Cars T Magazine » A Spring Picnic Recipe From Two Rising N.Y.C. Chefs On the Verge: Brand to Know: The Kenyan Line That Makes Only One Dress Men’s Fashion: 8 Things Every Guy Can Wear This Spring Times Insider » Crowdfunding a Well-Deserved Break What We’re Reading A Reporter Whose Sources Are Strangers on the Train Real Estate » 360 View The Dreaded Co-op Board Application Goes Online By RONDA KAYSEN The package, which often runs hundreds of pages, can now be done with an app. Some love the change, but others prefer the comfort of a hard copy. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards Environmental Top 50 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Top 50 To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now Nearly Half the Fortune 500 Have Goals to Cut Greenhouse Gases April 25, 2017April 25, 2017 by Ken Silverstein In an effort to reduce its carbon footprint, IBM is focused on cutting its consumption of electricity. To do so, it is making investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy. IBM isn’t alone. In fact, nearly half the companies in the Fortune 500 have set targets to cut their greenhouse gas emissions, improve energy efficiencies and up their consumption of renewable energy, says the just-released Power Forward 3.0 report. And as the cost of the technologies and the fuels drop, companies are striving to do more and more. Ceres, the World Wildlife Fund, CDP and Calvert Investments contributed to the report.  As for IBM, it is designing, building and operating its data centers and manufacturing facilities in a way that optimizes energy and material use while at the at the same time, limiting its greenhouse gas emissions. Using more renewable energy is also key to its strategy.  And it has kept its eye on the ball: In 2015, IBM set a goal of cutting its greenhouse gas emissions from energy consumption by 35% from 2005 levels by 2020. In the same year, it raised its renewable energy targets from 16% to 20%, all by 2020. “IBM’s longstanding commitment to energy conservation delivers improved operational efficiency, reduced GHG emissions, and cost savings,” says the Power Forward report. “In addition, IBM greatly extends the influence of its activities by translating approaches from its internal operations into solutions that help clients achieve greater energy efficiency,” the report adds. “IBM also requires global suppliers to implement an environmental management system that includes inventorying and reducing their energy use and related GHG emissions.” The Fortune 100 companies are leading the trend, the report says, with 63% of those companies setting goals. Still, the smallest 100 companies in the Fortune 500 are doing a lot as well, it adds, noting that 44% have such targets. That’s up from 19% in 2013. Consumer staples such as food and beverage companies are the highest achievers while oil and gas companies are at the bottom of the list. “Meanwhile, businesses are reaping bigger and bigger cost savings from energy efficiency projects they have implemented to meet their targets, with 190 companies collectively reporting $3.7 billion in annual savings,” says the report. The most significant trend is that companies are setting science-based targets as well as trying to run their operations using just renewables. About 24 companies aim to operate their facilities using solely green energy and include Facebook, Google and Microsoft as well as Walmart and Bank of America, the report says. Companies can either buy renewable power in the form of power purchase agreements, invest directly in those projects or own and operate them outright. A science-based target, the organizations say, is when a company sets its personal goals in line with the best-available science, all to limit global temperature increases to less than 2 degrees Celsius from the pre-industrial era. As of January 2017, 210 companies are using such a standard to set their greenhouse gas goals. They include Proctor & Gamble, General Mills and Kellogg Company.  The organizations have some advice for companies, investors and the electricity sector. It is suggesting to companies to help create economies of scale within the renewable energy sector by joining alliances and to strike while the iron is hot, buying such power before the federal tax credits expire in a few years. At the same time, it is telling those businesses to support initiatives at the state level and to report their progress in achieving greenhouse gas reductions. As for investors, they should disclose their investment portfolios to illustrate that they are promoting the development companies with sustainable agendas. To that end, the organizations are also suggesting that those investors work with the companies in which they hold an interest to limit their carbon footprints. And finally, the organizations say that utilities need to offer ever-larger shares of renewable to their corporate customers. “We’ve been tracking and reducing emissions since 2007, and we’ve been operating our data centers and the rest of the company at 100 percent carbon neutrality since 2012,” Brad Smith, chief legal officer for Microsoft said in the report. “We’ve achieved this progress by driving efficiencies, charging our business units a fee on carbon, and investing in sustainable energy projects and technologies.” Categories Air, Clean Energy, FeatureTags ceres, Facebook, General Mills, Google, IBM, Kellogg, Microsoft, Proctor & Gamble, Walmart Leveraging EHS Software in Support of Culture Changes Sponsored By: VelocityEHS    Video: Expense & Data Management for Complex Payables Sponsored By: Ecova, Inc.    Choosing the Correct Emission Control Technology Sponsored By: Anguil Environmental Systems    Four Key Questions to Ask Before Your Next Energy Purchase Sponsored By: EnerNOC, Inc.    Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Four Key Strategies for Management System Integration Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars Refinery Flare Rule – Shaping Your Information Management... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS Refinery Flare Rule – Shaping Your Information Management Strategy Why Aligning Renewable and Commodity Energy Purchases Makes Strategic Sense The EHS Manager’s Priorities in 2017: Predict and Prevent ON DEMAND WEBINARS From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the Redundancies and Inefficiencies of Independent EHS Systems What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations as a New Administration Takes Control of our Nation’s Energy Policy? Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information System (EMIS) From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best Practices from Lendlease EHS Implementation Success is a Team Sport See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 News provided by Festival of Media Global 2017 25 Apr, 2017, 03:00 ET Share this article ROME, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Burberry's Greg Stogdon to be joined on stage by Oscar and BAFTA-winning director Asif Kapadia and award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman - World-first discussion about Burberry's movie-style short film 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', and the implications for advertisers - Fake news also high on the agenda with BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global and Jaguar Land Rover joining a panel session  Festival of Media Global 2017, the leading annual meeting of international media figureheads, is to lift the lid on one of the past 12 month's most intriguing campaigns: Burberry's cinematic short film, 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', exploring the life of the brand's founder.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) For the first time, Burberry's senior vice president of creative media Greg Stogdon will be joined on stage by award-winning film director Asif Kapadia and Academy Award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman to reveal details of the ground-breaking project, which stars Domhnall Gleeson, Sienna Miller, Dominic West and Lily James. Stogdon, Kapadia and Charman will convene at the Festival - which takes place between 7 and 9 May at The Waldorf Astoria Rome Cavalieri - to discuss the convergence of the film industry and media, and whether scriptwriters and movie producers are the new creative directors for brands. Jeremy King, COO at Festival of Media, commented: "It is such an honour to have Burberry speak at the Festival of Media. We are aware that every event in the media space is very keen to have the luxury brand as part of its programme, so we are so excited, particularly as it is going to be world first. "This year's agenda is arguably the best in the event's 11 year history and designed to solve the marketing and media educational gaps of the world's biggest spending and innovative advertisers. Having Burberry as part of it only adds to the glamour and relevance of the Festival of Media on the media event calendar." Click here for a full list of confirmed speakers. FAKE NEWS  The Festival will also bring together executives from BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global, Adblock Plus and Jaguar Land Rover to discuss the phenomenon of fake news. Advertisers around the world are already struggling to control what content their campaigns are aligned with, so understanding the challenges of fake news and how to beat it are of paramount importance to the entire media ecosystem. Leaders such as Bloomberg global chief revenue officer Keith Grossman, Carat chief strategy officer Sanjay Nazerali and Jaguar Land Rover global head of digital marketing Dominic Chambers will examine the need for 'responsible platforms' for 'responsible brands'. 30% FEMALE SPEAKERS  This year's Festival of Media Global boasts its most diverse line up yet, with nearly a third of the agenda comprising female speakers. Highlights include OMD EMEA president Nikki Mendonça discussing brand storytelling in an addressable world; MediaLink chairman Wenda Harris Millard and Kim Kadlec, global marketing at Visa, debating marketing's influence on corporate strategy; and OgilvyRED's Carla Hendra joining a panel discussion on disruption in the media industry. The Girls' Lounge female quotient and creator Shelley Zalis will explore what a diverse HR strategy looks like, while speakers from Aviva, Hopscotch and Sky will discuss the connection between inclusion and commercial success in the industry. NETWORKING AND AWARDS  Festival of Media Global 2017 will offer unparalleled networking opportunities for senior marketing and media industry executives. Brands already confirmed as attending Festival of Media Global 2017 include Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Nike, VISA, Huawei, NBA, Fiat, Diageo, Pokerstars and Tinder, with many more to be announced. Furthermore, the winners of the Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 will be unveiled at the event on 8 May, following a day of judging led by jury co-chairs Sarah Mansfield, VP media, Europe and LatAm, and global operations from Unilever, and Procter & Gamble's Gerry D'Angelo. Click here to view the shortlist. About C Squared  C Squared is one of the fastest-growing specialist publishing, events and technology companies in Europe. Its mission is to help the media and marketing industry become more connected and better informed so that it is fully equipped to respond to the challenges and opportunities brought about by digital technology and globalization. C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has four major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc Festival of Media Awards contact:  Christina Leissem, e: christina.liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6993 Festival of Media Sponsorship contact:  Michelle Graves, e: michelle.graves@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6992 Festival of Media Delegates contact: Komla Ayewoh, e: komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc  t: +44(0)20-7367-6984 SOURCE Festival of Media Global 2017 06 Feb, 2017, 03:00 ET Preview: Bacardi CEO Mike Dolan Leads Stellar Line-up at Festival of Media Global 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06 Feb, 2017, 03:00 ET Bacardi CEO Mike Dolan Leads Stellar Line-up at Festival of Media... Explore More news releases in similar topics Fashion Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Publishing & Information Services New Products & Services You just read: World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 News provided by Festival of Media Global 2017 25 Apr, 2017, 03:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 ROME, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Burberry's Greg Stogdon to be joined on stage by Oscar and BAFTA-winning director Asif Kapadia and award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman - World-first discussion about Burberry's movie-style short film 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', and the implications for advertisers - Fake news also high on the agenda with BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global and Jaguar Land Rover joining a panel session  Festival of Media Global 2017, the leading annual meeting of international media figureheads, is to lift the lid on one of the past 12 month's most intriguing campaigns: Burberry's cinematic short film, 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', exploring the life of the brand's founder.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) For the first time, Burberry's senior vice president of creative media Greg Stogdon will be joined on stage by award-winning film director Asif Kapadia and Academy Award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman to reveal details of the ground-breaking project, which stars Domhnall Gleeson, Sienna Miller, Dominic West and Lily James. Stogdon, Kapadia and Charman will convene at the Festival - which takes place between 7 and 9 May at The Waldorf Astoria Rome Cavalieri - to discuss the convergence of the film industry and media, and whether scriptwriters and movie producers are the new creative directors for brands. Jeremy King, COO at Festival of Media, commented: "It is such an honour to have Burberry speak at the Festival of Media. We are aware that every event in the media space is very keen to have the luxury brand as part of its programme, so we are so excited, particularly as it is going to be world first. "This year's agenda is arguably the best in the event's 11 year history and designed to solve the marketing and media educational gaps of the world's biggest spending and innovative advertisers. Having Burberry as part of it only adds to the glamour and relevance of the Festival of Media on the media event calendar." Click here for a full list of confirmed speakers. FAKE NEWS  The Festival will also bring together executives from BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global, Adblock Plus and Jaguar Land Rover to discuss the phenomenon of fake news. Advertisers around the world are already struggling to control what content their campaigns are aligned with, so understanding the challenges of fake news and how to beat it are of paramount importance to the entire media ecosystem. Leaders such as Bloomberg global chief revenue officer Keith Grossman, Carat chief strategy officer Sanjay Nazerali and Jaguar Land Rover global head of digital marketing Dominic Chambers will examine the need for 'responsible platforms' for 'responsible brands'. 30% FEMALE SPEAKERS  This year's Festival of Media Global boasts its most diverse line up yet, with nearly a third of the agenda comprising female speakers. Highlights include OMD EMEA president Nikki Mendonça discussing brand storytelling in an addressable world; MediaLink chairman Wenda Harris Millard and Kim Kadlec, global marketing at Visa, debating marketing's influence on corporate strategy; and OgilvyRED's Carla Hendra joining a panel discussion on disruption in the media industry. The Girls' Lounge female quotient and creator Shelley Zalis will explore what a diverse HR strategy looks like, while speakers from Aviva, Hopscotch and Sky will discuss the connection between inclusion and commercial success in the industry. NETWORKING AND AWARDS  Festival of Media Global 2017 will offer unparalleled networking opportunities for senior marketing and media industry executives. Brands already confirmed as attending Festival of Media Global 2017 include Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Nike, VISA, Huawei, NBA, Fiat, Diageo, Pokerstars and Tinder, with many more to be announced. Furthermore, the winners of the Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 will be unveiled at the event on 8 May, following a day of judging led by jury co-chairs Sarah Mansfield, VP media, Europe and LatAm, and global operations from Unilever, and Procter & Gamble's Gerry D'Angelo. Click here to view the shortlist. About C Squared  C Squared is one of the fastest-growing specialist publishing, events and technology companies in Europe. Its mission is to help the media and marketing industry become more connected and better informed so that it is fully equipped to respond to the challenges and opportunities brought about by digital technology and globalization. C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has four major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc Festival of Media Awards contact:  Christina Leissem, e: christina.liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6993 Festival of Media Sponsorship contact:  Michelle Graves, e: michelle.graves@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6992 Festival of Media Delegates contact: Komla Ayewoh, e: komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc  t: +44(0)20-7367-6984 CategoriesUncategorized TagsEntertainment, Fashion, Film and Motion Picture, New Products/Services, Publishing/Information Services, Tradeshow News, Women-related News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cold Insulation Market Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2015-2025 Next PostNext Conveyor Belts Market Growth, Trends, Absolute Opportunity and Value Chain 2015-2025 Search Recent Posts GLANDRT (SET:GLANDRT) Expects Rising ‘New CBD’ Rental Office Demand GLANDRT (SET:GLANDRT) Expects Rising ‘New CBD’ Rental Office Demand Entec presents Gas Detection solutions Entec presents Gas Detection solutions Entrust calls on EA to review all TPM methodology Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 ROME, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — – Burberry‚s Greg Stogdon to be joined on stage by Oscar and BAFTA-winning director Asif Kapadia and award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman – World-first discussion about Burberry‚s movie-style short film ‚The Tale of Thomas Burberry‚, and the implications for advertisers – Fake news also high on the agenda with BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global and Jaguar Land Rover joining a panel session  Festival of Media Global 2017, the leading annual meeting of international media figureheads, is to lift the lid on one of the past 12 month’s most intriguing campaigns: Burberry’s cinematic short film, ‚The Tale of Thomas Burberry‚, exploring the life of the brand’s founder.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) For the first time, Burberry’s senior vice president of creative media Greg Stogdon will be joined on stage by award-winning film director Asif Kapadia and Academy Award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman to reveal details of the ground-breaking project, which stars Domhnall Gleeson, Sienna Miller, Dominic West and Lily James. Stogdon, Kapadia and Charman will convene at the Festival – which takes place between 7 and 9 May at The Waldorf Astoria Rome Cavalieri – to discuss the convergence of the film industry and media, and whether scriptwriters and movie producers are the new creative directors for brands. Jeremy King, COO at Festival of Media, commented: „It is such an honour to have Burberry speak at the Festival of Media. We are aware that every event in the media space is very keen to have the luxury brand as part of its programme, so we are so excited, particularly as it is going to be world first. „This year’s agenda is arguably the best in the event’s 11 year history and designed to solve the marketing and media educational gaps of the world’s biggest spending and innovative advertisers. Having Burberry as part of it only adds to the glamour and relevance of the Festival of Media on the media event calendar.” Click here for a full list of confirmed speakers. FAKE NEWS  The Festival will also bring together executives from BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global, Adblock Plus and Jaguar Land Rover to discuss the phenomenon of fake news. Advertisers around the world are already struggling to control what content their campaigns are aligned with, so understanding the challenges of fake news and how to beat it are of paramount importance to the entire media ecosystem. Leaders such as Bloomberg global chief revenue officer Keith Grossman, Carat chief strategy officer Sanjay Nazerali and Jaguar Land Rover global head of digital marketing Dominic Chambers will examine the need for ‚responsible platforms’ for ‚responsible brands’. 30% FEMALE SPEAKERS  This year’s Festival of Media Global boasts its most diverse line up yet, with nearly a third of the agenda comprising female speakers. Highlights include OMD EMEA president Nikki Mendonça discussing brand storytelling in an addressable world; MediaLink chairman Wenda Harris Millard and Kim Kadlec, global marketing at Visa, debating marketing’s influence on corporate strategy; and OgilvyRED’s Carla Hendra joining a panel discussion on disruption in the media industry. The Girls’ Lounge female quotient and creator Shelley Zalis will explore what a diverse HR strategy looks like, while speakers from Aviva, Hopscotch and Sky will discuss the connection between inclusion and commercial success in the industry. NETWORKING AND AWARDS  Festival of Media Global 2017 will offer unparalleled networking opportunities for senior marketing and media industry executives. Brands already confirmed as attending Festival of Media Global 2017 include Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Nike, VISA, Huawei, NBA, Fiat, Diageo, Pokerstars and Tinder, with many more to be announced. Furthermore, the winners of the Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 will be unveiled at the event on 8 May, following a day of judging led by jury co-chairs Sarah Mansfield, VP media, Europe and LatAm, and global operations from Unilever, and Procter & Gamble’s Gerry D’Angelo. Click here to view the shortlist. About C Squared  C Squared is one of the fastest-growing specialist publishing, events and technology companies in Europe. Its mission is to help the media and marketing industry become more connected and better informed so that it is fully equipped to respond to the challenges and opportunities brought about by digital technology and globalization. C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has four major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world’s largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc Festival of Media Awards contact:  Christina Leissem, e: christina.liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6993 Festival of Media Sponsorship contact:  Michelle Graves, e: michelle.graves@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6992 Festival of Media Delegates contact: Komla Ayewoh, e: komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc  t: +44(0)20-7367-6984 SOURCE Festival of Media Global 2017 CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services, Trade Show News, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Telematyka motoryzacyjna udostępnia dane o pracy pługów eliminujące oczekiwanie w niecierpliwości Next PostNext Netrounds Added to the Cisco SolutionsPlus Program to Expedite Deployment of Automated Network Assurance Search Recent Posts United States Leukemia Therapeutics Market: Comprehensive Analysis, Perspective and Forecast, 2017 – 2022 Global Dental Prosthetics Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.55% during Forecast period 2016-2020 Epubor Announces The World’s #1 Epubor Audible Converter for Windows Floor Coating Market in Europe 2016-2020 – Akzo Nobel, DAW, PPG & Tikkurila are the leading Market Players Global Dressing Trolleys Market Analysis, Share and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 News provided by Festival of Media Global 2017 25 Apr, 2017, 08:00 BST Share this article ROME, April 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Burberry's Greg Stogdon to be joined on stage by Oscar and BAFTA-winning director Asif Kapadia and award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman - World-first discussion about Burberry's movie-style short film 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', and the implications for advertisers - Fake news also high on the agenda with BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global and Jaguar Land Rover joining a panel session  Festival of Media Global 2017, the leading annual meeting of international media figureheads, is to lift the lid on one of the past 12 month's most intriguing campaigns: Burberry's cinematic short film, 'The Tale of Thomas Burberry', exploring the life of the brand's founder.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) For the first time, Burberry's senior vice president of creative media Greg Stogdon will be joined on stage by award-winning film director Asif Kapadia and Academy Award-nominated scriptwriter Matt Charman to reveal details of the ground-breaking project, which stars Domhnall Gleeson, Sienna Miller, Dominic West and Lily James. Stogdon, Kapadia and Charman will convene at the Festival - which takes place between 7 and 9 May at The Waldorf Astoria Rome Cavalieri - to discuss the convergence of the film industry and media, and whether scriptwriters and movie producers are the new creative directors for brands. Jeremy King, COO at Festival of Media, commented: "It is such an honour to have Burberry speak at the Festival of Media. We are aware that every event in the media space is very keen to have the luxury brand as part of its programme, so we are so excited, particularly as it is going to be world first. "This year's agenda is arguably the best in the event's 11 year history and designed to solve the marketing and media educational gaps of the world's biggest spending and innovative advertisers. Having Burberry as part of it only adds to the glamour and relevance of the Festival of Media on the media event calendar." Click here for a full list of confirmed speakers. FAKE NEWS  The Festival will also bring together executives from BBC World Service, Bloomberg Media, Carat Global, Adblock Plus and Jaguar Land Rover to discuss the phenomenon of fake news. Advertisers around the world are already struggling to control what content their campaigns are aligned with, so understanding the challenges of fake news and how to beat it are of paramount importance to the entire media ecosystem. Leaders such as Bloomberg global chief revenue officer Keith Grossman, Carat chief strategy officer Sanjay Nazerali and Jaguar Land Rover global head of digital marketing Dominic Chambers will examine the need for 'responsible platforms' for 'responsible brands'. 30% FEMALE SPEAKERS  This year's Festival of Media Global boasts its most diverse line up yet, with nearly a third of the agenda comprising female speakers. Highlights include OMD EMEA president Nikki Mendonça discussing brand storytelling in an addressable world; MediaLink chairman Wenda Harris Millard and Kim Kadlec, global marketing at Visa, debating marketing's influence on corporate strategy; and OgilvyRED's Carla Hendra joining a panel discussion on disruption in the media industry. The Girls' Lounge female quotient and creator Shelley Zalis will explore what a diverse HR strategy looks like, while speakers from Aviva, Hopscotch and Sky will discuss the connection between inclusion and commercial success in the industry. NETWORKING AND AWARDS  Festival of Media Global 2017 will offer unparalleled networking opportunities for senior marketing and media industry executives. Brands already confirmed as attending Festival of Media Global 2017 include Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Nike, VISA, Huawei, NBA, Fiat, Diageo, Pokerstars and Tinder, with many more to be announced. Furthermore, the winners of the Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 will be unveiled at the event on 8 May, following a day of judging led by jury co-chairs Sarah Mansfield, VP media, Europe and LatAm, and global operations from Unilever, and Procter & Gamble's Gerry D'Angelo. Click here to view the shortlist. About C Squared  C Squared is one of the fastest-growing specialist publishing, events and technology companies in Europe. Its mission is to help the media and marketing industry become more connected and better informed so that it is fully equipped to respond to the challenges and opportunities brought about by digital technology and globalization. C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has four major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc Festival of Media Awards contact:  Christina Leissem, e: christina.liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6993 Festival of Media Sponsorship contact:  Michelle Graves, e: michelle.graves@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6992 Festival of Media Delegates contact: Komla Ayewoh, e: komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc  t: +44(0)20-7367-6984 SOURCE Festival of Media Global 2017 06 Feb, 2017, 08:00 GMT Preview: Bacardi CEO Mike Dolan Leads Stellar Line-up at Festival of Media Global 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06 Feb, 2017, 08:00 GMTBacardi CEO Mike Dolan Leads Stellar Line-up at Festival of Media... Explore More news releases in similar topics Fashion Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Publishing & Information Services New Products & Services You just read: World-first Burberry Movie Showcase at Festival of Media Global 2017 News provided by Festival of Media Global 2017 25 Apr, 2017, 08:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Today in Soap Opera History (April 23) Posted by Roger Newcomb 1968: Dark Shadows' Angelique appeared to Barnabas in a dream. 1986: Santa Barbara's Pearl remembered his name under hypnosis. 2002: Passions' Sheridan came face to face with Luis. 2008: As the World Turns' Luke and Noah shared a kiss. "The present contains nothing more than the past, and what is found in the effect is already in the cause." ― Henri Louis Bergson "Today in Soap Opera History" is a collection of the most memorable, interesting and influential events in the history of scripted, serialized programs. From birthdays and anniversaries to scandals and controversies, every day this column celebrates the soap opera in American culture. On this date in... 1968: On Dark Shadows, Angelique Bouchard Collins (Lara Parker) appeared to Barnabas Collins (Jonathan Frid) in a dream and told him that he could not escape her or her revenge. She warned him to beware of dreams, as that is the way the curse would return to him. 1971: Actor House Jameson died at age 68. During his career, Jameson played roles in Another World, The Edge of Night and Dark Shadows. He was featured earlier this year in Retro TV's 1968 reruns of The Doctors in the role Nathan Bunker. 1981: On General Hospital, Alan (Stuart Damon) told Susan that he wanted to update his will. 1984: On Days of our Lives, Diane Parker (DeAnna Robbins) wasn't happy to see her pimp, Nick Corelli (George Jenesky, now known as Conrad Dunn) at Shenanigans. 1984: On The Edge of Night, LK Pendleton murdered Tess McAdams (Carrie Armstrong). 1985: On Guiding Light, while being held captive by Floyd, India managed to record over Phillip's taped confession. 1986: On Santa Barbara, Pearl (Robert Thaler) revealed his real name while under hypnosis: Michael Baldwin Bradford III. 1990: ITV daytime soap opera Families premiered. Created by Kay Mellor, the show ran until August 24, 1994. 1990: On The Young and the Restless, Brock (Beau Kazer) felt something wasn't right about Katherine (Jeanne Cooper) as he left the country. 1992: Longtime Days of our Lives producer Jack Herzberg died at age 75. 2002: On Passions, Luis (Galen Gering) and Sheridan (Mackenzie Westmore) came face to face at the masquerade ball. 2006: Actress Susan Browning died at age 60. She played roles in Love is a Many Splendored Thing, One Life to Live and Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman. 2007: CBS aired the 13,000th episode of As the World Turns. 2008: On As the World Turns, Luke (Van Hansis) and Noah (Jake Silbermann) shared their first kiss in seven months, which officially ended the "kissing ban" that was mandated by Procter & Gamble. 2009: ABC began broadcasting General Hospital in high definition. Today's Birthdays: Lee Majors (ex-Ken, Dallas) - 78 Blair Brown (ex-Nina, Fringe) - 71 Paulette Breen (ex-Claudette, All My Children) - 70 Craig Sheffer (ex-Ian, One Life to Live) - 57 Melina Kanakaredes (ex-Eleni, Guiding Light) - 50 Daphne Bloomer (ex-Colleen, The Bay; ex-Marty, General Hospital; ex-Eugenia, Days of our Lives) - 44 Barry Watson (ex-Randy, Days of our Lives; ex-Matt, 7th Heaven) - 43 Terri Simmons (ex-Parker, Pretty) John Cena (WWE) - 40 Jaime King (ex-Lemon, Hart of Dixie) - 38 Aaron Hill (ex-Beaver, Greek) - 34 Jesse Lee Soffer (ex-Will, As the World Turns; ex-Max, Guiding Light) - 33 Molly Burnett (ex-Melanie, Days of our Lives; Lisa, Empire; Sarah, Venice) - 30 EDITOR'S NOTE: If you would like to submit a soap history entry for this date or a future date, email editor@welovesoaps.com. Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: As The World Turns, Birthdays, Dark Shadows, Days of our Lives, Guiding Light, History, Passions, The Edge of Night No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Featured Post Carolyn Hennesy to Host Daytime Emmys Red Carpet on Facebook Live The National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences has announced that not only will the Daytime Emmy Awards be live-streamed on Faceboo... Popular Posts Daytime Emmy Profile: Monica Horan Nominated for Outstanding Guest Star, THE BOLD & THE BEAUTIFUL A memorable guest star spot as a "tacky tourist" turned into a recurring role for funny lady Monica Horan. Best known for her 9 ye... Today in Soap Opera History (April 21) 1961: ATWT's Penny wasn't sure about Ellen's custody case. 1967: Dark Shadows' Barnabas met Roger and Carolyn. 1978: F... Today in Soap Opera History (April 20) 1970: Days of our Lives' Julie married Scott. 1978: Ryan's Hope's Faith prepared to married Tom. 1981: Dynasty's firs... Today in Soap Opera History (April 19) 1983: All My Children's Verla Grubbs told Phoebe about her father. 1985: Todd arrived in Salem. on Days of our Lives . 1990: Bo Bra... Yahee Fernandes-Baxter Dead at 66 Yahee Fernandes-Baxter, who starred in ABC daytime soap opera The Edge of Night from 1978 to 1982, died on March 30 at Henry Ford Hospital ... Daytime Emmys Reels: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series Check out the reels below submitted by the five nominees for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series at the 44th Annual Daytime Emmy Award... Today in Soap Opera History (April 24) 1978: Ryan's Hope's Pat called Delia on her miscarriage deception. 1987: Days of our Lives' Patch made chili. 2007: All My... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Adult Diapers Market to Grow $14.5 Bn Globally, by 2021 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/25/2017 — According to the report, global demand for adult diapers market was valued at USD 9.24 billion in 2015, and is expected to generate revenue of USD 14.5 billion by end of 2021, growing at a CAGR of slightly above 7.48% between 2016 and 2021. Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Adult Diapers Market (Pad Type, Pants Type, and Flat Type Adult Diapers): Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2015 – 2021.” Request Sample Report: http://bit.ly/2fFukfq An adult diaper is a disposable diaper consists of an absorbent inserted in between two non-woven fabric structure. This helps in avoiding the leakage, maintain the body fluid level and improve comfort. Fluff pulp, spolypropylene polymer, film, polypropylene fiber, polyester fiber, bio component fiber, rayon/fiber, cotton and other are some of the raw materials used in adult diapers. Diapers can be used by adults with various conditions, such as severe diarrhea, dementia, incontinence or mobility impairment. Growing aging population, urbanization and increased awareness of treatment methods for urinary incontinence are expected to be the major drivers for the global adult diaper market. Aging population, economic affluence and improvement of healthcare sector is expected to support the adult diaper market growth in the near future. However, volatility in prices of raw material may curb the demand for adult diaper within the forecast period. Also, ever increasing demand for the new products which includes body fit, skin friendly, superior absorption, stretchable, stylish and odor free is expected to grow new opportunities in the adult diaper market. Request For Free Pries Quotations http://bit.ly/2oTi3Nf The adult diaper market is segmented on the basis of different products including pad type adult diapers, pants type adult diapers, flat type adult diapers and others. Pad type adult diapers and flat type adult diapers together account for the major share of the global adult diaper market in 2015. Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. North America dominated the adult diapers market followed by Europe. Asia Pacific also expected to show moderate growth in the years to come. Developing countries are anticipated to experience largest growth owing to changing lifestyle and rising population. China followed by India, has the biggest population of senior citizens and is also anticipated to demonstrate fastest growth in the next few years. Do Inquiry before buying: http://bit.ly/2fA9MX4 In the past couple years, baby diaper market giants, Kimberly-Clark KMB and Procter & Gamble have introduced novel products and marketing intended at non-senior adults with bladder leakage. Daio paper, first quality enterprises, inc., fu burg industrial, covidien, kao corp., Kimberly Clark, Medline Industires, Unicharm, Hengan Group, Nippon paper industries, ontex international, and DSG international, are some of the key participants in the adult diaper market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller National Home Price NSA Index Sets Fourth Consecutive All-Time High Next PostNext Baby Diapers Market to Hit $63.4 Bn Globally, by 2021 Search Recent Posts United States Leukemia Therapeutics Market: Comprehensive Analysis, Perspective and Forecast, 2017 – 2022 Global Dental Prosthetics Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.55% during Forecast period 2016-2020 Epubor Announces The World’s #1 Epubor Audible Converter for Windows Floor Coating Market in Europe 2016-2020 – Akzo Nobel, DAW, PPG & Tikkurila are the leading Market Players Global Dressing Trolleys Market Analysis, Share and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From McDonald's, Lexus and iSpot.tv 2 hours ago Array 0 McDonald's: 'There's a Big Mac for That' Boosted Results By Jessica Wohl - 2 hours ago Array 0 Auto Advertisers Steer Back Into O'Reilly's Former Slot By Anthony Crupi - 4 hours ago Array 0 Watch a Clip From (Wow) the Fox News-Inspired 'Law & Order: SVU' By Simon Dumenco - 4 hours ago Array 0 Creativity Top 5: The Best Brand Ideas of the Week By Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago Array 0 McDonald's: 'There's a Big Mac for That' Boosted Results By Jessica Wohl - 2 hours ago 0 Ikea Responds to Balenciaga's Copycat Move By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Auto Advertisers Steer Back Into O'Reilly's Former Slot By Anthony Crupi - 4 hours ago 0 Watch a Clip From (Wow) the Fox News-Inspired 'Law & Order: SVU' By Simon Dumenco - 4 hours ago 0 Creativity Top 5: The Best Brand Ideas of the Week By Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 Dana Anderson Leaves Mondelez in Marketer's Biggest Executive Shakeup Yet By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Google Sees Another Chance to Get Programmatic TV Right By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 GSK's Speichert: Marketers Are Missing Digital Fundamentals By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 We Are Unlimited Gains Creative Firepower With Ari Weiss' First Hire By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 General Mills Creative Chief Michael Fanuele Steps Down By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. McCann's 'Field Trip to Mars' Keeps Soaring, Nabs Top Prize at Andy Awards By Lindsay Stein. Published on April 25, 2017. Lockheed Martin's 'Field Trip to Mars,' which takes kids on a planetary journey, was the big winner at the Andy Awards.  Credit: Lockheed Martin Most Popular McCann New York's "Field Trip to Mars" for Lockheed Martin, which earned 19 Cannes Lions across 11 categories last summer, won the top prize, the Grandy Award, at the 53nd International Andy Awards. With a total of 23 Andy Awards this year, McCann Worldgroup was named Agency Network of the Year, while McCann New York was dubbed agency of the year, winning nine Andys, as well as the Grandy. "Field Trip to Mars," created with the help of the virtual reality experts at Framestore, transported a group of kids from an ordinary school bus ride to an out-of-this-world VR experience to the Red Planet. The Andy Awards are presented by the Ad Club of New York to recognize creative excellence in advertising. Gina Grillo, president and CEO of The Ad Club of N.Y. and The International Andy Awards, said the show is often a predictor of what will win subsequent awards shows, not an echo of prior awards, but that "Field Trip to Mars" was so worthwhile that the jury "couldn't pass up on the opportunity to laud it once again." (The campaign also missed the deadline for the Andy Awards last year but was eligible for Cannes.) "When a piece of work does something that is new and innovative and not only that but touches the human spirit, it has that feel of magic that 'Field Trip to Mars' has," said Grillo. This year, the Andy Awards identified 10 campaigns and agencies that it believes could be big winners in this year's major upcoming award shows. Grillo said the show has been making such picks internally for years but has now decided to make its predictions public. Among the 10 frontrunners, she said the theme of storytelling and the craft of direction really stood out. The ones to keep an eye on, according to the Andy Awards, include My Mutant Brain from MJZ; Ikea's Cook This Page, Leo Burnett, Toronto; Midnight, TBWA Media Arts Lab; The Line Up song, FP7/CAI; Come Together, Adam & Eve DDB; The Box That Keeps Giving, McCann New York; Time Is Precious, Wieden & Kennedy Portland; Gravity Cat, Hakuhodo Inc./Tohokushinsha Film Corporation; Burger King Burning Stores, David; and The World's Biggest Asshole, The Martin Agency. David Buenos Aires won the Richard T. O'Reilly Award for Outstanding Public Service for its "MANBOOBS4BOOBS" campaign for MACMA, which became the most-viewed and shared breast cancer self-examination video. The Bravery Award, which was introduced three years ago and recognizes marketers for courageous ideas the move the industry forward, went to P&G India for "Dads #ShareTheLoad" campaign. Top agencies walking away with multiple awards include Leo Burnett, which is walking away as the show's second largest winner with 18 Andys, and Adam&Eve DDB with 15 awards. Leo Burnett was awarded Golds for its work on Ikea's "Cook This Page" and Airbnb's "Van Gogh BnB." In this article: Agencies Creativity Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
