Home Industry Digital spends for marketers: India ad ecosystem still implements basic automation in buying and selling Digital spends for marketers: India ad ecosystem still implements basic automation in buying and selling Measurement. Metrics. Data. Independent, third-party verification. Viewability. Trust. Transparency. By: Meghna Sharma | Updated: March 21, 2017 3:35 AM Digital, which is the fastest growing medium in the country, has seen a tremendous increase in ad spends from brands across categories. [email protected]   Measurement. Metrics. Data. Independent, third-party verification. Viewability. Trust. Transparency. These keywords will probably determine the future of digital spends for marketers, going forward.One of the biggest advertisers in the world, Procter & Gamble, recently showed its displeasure with ad metrics in the digital space. It ramped up pressure on the most popular and dominant internet platforms to implement independent verification to assure that advertisers get an assurance of their ad dollars being spent well. Reported by The Wall Street Journal earlier this month, Marc Pritchard, chief brand officer and marketing lead for P&G, had said, “It’s not enough”, even after Google and Facebook had agreed to Media Rating Council (MRC) audits. Unilever too has pushed for greater transparency, improved viewability and metrics that are accepted industry-wide. Criticism led FB to not only agree to the auditing of information but also to adopt new options for marketers buying video ads, this year. The social network had last year come under the scanner for repeated inaccuracies in its tools measuring ads. The West has MRC and Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) for cross-platform measurement. However, things are quite different in India; there is no formal agency accrediting audience measurement services for platforms other than TV and print. Digital, which is the fastest growing medium in the country, has seen a tremendous increase in ad spends from brands across categories. However, the lack of a uniform measuring body makes advertisers question, “What is the RoI?” Importance of the third party In 2016, 12% of the total ad spends in the country was on digital (as per an IAMAI-IMRB International report) of which e-commerce was the volume leader, followed by telecom and BFSI. Paper Boat acknowledges that digital is an important part of any company’s market blueprint. Investing on Facebook and YouTube, and in small quantities on Instagram, the brand agrees that advertising is a two-way communication channel, thanks to social media. “The fates of campaigns are now decided on how viral they go online. Think about it: every memorable commercial that we have all watched in recent times — we have first caught wind of online,” says Parvesh Debuka, head — marketing, Paper Boat. As per a report released by Google last year, when it comes to ad viewability, India lags behind countries like Japan, Australia and South Korea. There is a significant gap in measurement systems used in Western markets versus the systems used on the buy and sell sides in India. Ad spends in mature markets have campaign parameters like viewability targets, time spent on site, etc. The Indian ad ecosystem is still implementing basic automation in buying and selling. Emphasising that the viewability debate is not limited to India, Performics.Resultrix MD Mayoori Kango says, “It is a challenge everywhere with each publisher following different norms. Without real third party technology, that comes at a cost and needs the willingness of publishers to allow for it, this really is a non-starter.” Says Omer Basith, director, Jossbox, “This is further exacerbated by the fact that the Indian market offers some of the lowest CPM (cost per thousand) returns for publishers, giving them very little incentive to invest in the necessary tech/education.” Though independent digital measuring agencies have been working in the field, as digital ad spends rise at an exponential pace, it is imperative that stakeholders help fulfil the promised advantages that digital has over other channels in terms of RoI and segment identification. This is possible through robust transparent measurement systems that effectively filter fraudulent traffic, but the cost for this currently is rather high for, say, small advertisers. Relevance of data The largest portion of the display media buys in India is performance-based, that is, CPC, CPI, etc. Hence most advertisers see a limited downside. For advertisers executing top of the funnel campaigns, it is critical to purchase ad space with good end user viewability to prevent wastage. Video is a newer format and measurement systems are not as advanced. However, with the rapid growth of mobile video advertising, advertisers are increasingly asking for more ‘viewability’ related metrics. InMobi VP and GM Vasuta Agarwal explains, “The desktop allows a user to multitask, have multiple tabs and applications open, and therefore, the chances of complete ad impressions and views reduce significantly. Also, the presence of multiple advertisements, intrusive ads being closed immediately, ads open on other tabs, or ads placed below the viewable part of the page are contributing factors.” The personalised and highly immersive nature of mobile in contrast leads to better user attention and thus better viewability rates. Also, on mobile, a user’s attention is not diluted as could be the case for desktop, contributing to better viewability. For instance, when Singapore was hit with the infamous haze in 2015, a tech product company used InMobi’s capabilities to showcase the power of its air purifier product. Through the available data of mobile users in polluted areas across the city, geo-targeted mobile ads were displayed, informing potential customers of the exact pollution levels at their current location in Singapore. The resultant data collected showed an unprecedented 91% purchase interest rate, signifying the success of the advertising campaign. “Platforms themselves have realised how important it is for advertisers to utilise digital and with the democracy, we advertisers have access to data and analytics that’s helping us make informed decisions in the way we spend,” says Chaitanya Rele, VP marketing, Havmor Ice Cream. Media can give reach but ad viewability depends on two things — firstly, how exciting is the content or its creative worth and secondly, how relevant it is to who’s watching. “Data is helping build relevance and achieve better targeting but from a creative point of view, advertising content has remained largely unchanged — it’s still overselling, and still too much like an ad,” observes Rishi Pratim Mukherjee, co-founder and COO, ScoopWhoop Media. “The fact is that today’s millennials are turned off by advertising because they are cynical about it. Marketers aren’t yet rethinking the creative,” he adds. So in an age when ads can be easily turned off, marketers need to think about what is actually worth watching. Platforms are, of course, in control of this wealth of data; being transparent about all of this information and collaborating with brands to interpret, understand, and creatively apply this information, is indeed the future of digital advertising. @meghna0101 Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now IPL 2017: After JP Duminy, Delhi Daredevils may not get Quinton De Kock's services as well SC asks states to upload information on mid-day meal scheme on website Narayan Rane rubbishes rumors of quitting Congress Pakistan has to vacate PoK, Gilgit-Baltistan: Union Minister Jitendra Singh Lawyers' strike affects work in district courts India hits back at Pakistan's shocking remark on Kashmir, asks it to take affective action against terrorism Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover spat: Raju Srivastava to lend his magic touch on a permanent basis? MCD Polls 2017: Delhi HC disposes pleas seeking delimitation of wards No proposal to enhance quota percentage: Thaawar Chand Gehlot India notifies amended tax treaty with Singapore When Kirron Kher hit Navjot Singh Sidhu's 'Kapil Sharma Show' bouncer for a six! Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News यूपी पुलिस की एंटी रोमियो स्क्‍वैड की हरकतों पर धारा 499 के तहत सीएम आदित्‍य नाथ पर बन सकता है मानहानि का केस कर्मचारी को चप्‍पल से पीटने वाले शिव सेना सांसद के खिलाफ एयर इंडिया ने कराई FIR, स्‍टाफ बोला- देश को भगवान बचाए नवजोत सिंह सिद्धू ने कहा-घर चलाने के लिए मेरा टीवी पर आना जरुरी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Ad Placement Editorial stream beats search, social for ad visibility and recall Facebook Growing eMarketer: US digital ad spend to reach $83B in 2017 Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Display Advertising Get the most important digital marketing news each day. A digital marketing CEO’s prescription to cure advertising fraud As the threat of ad fraud continues to loom over digital marketers, columnist James Green lays out the ingredients we need to promote transparency and drive the industry forward. James Green on March 20, 2017 at 10:27 am More Challenges around viewability, media metrics and transparency in the advertising inventory supply chain have festered for more than a decade, and they’ve recently hit a fever pitch. We see marketers increasingly demanding accountability for their digital media spends and looking for transparent and standard metrics to support digital advertising effectiveness. They’re fed up with ad fraud and waste in the supply chain — and so am I. A wake-up call was issued by Procter & Gamble’s chief brand officer in late January at the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s Annual Leadership meeting. Marc Pritchard, marketing leader of the world’s biggest advertiser, lambasted the digital ad industry for creating poor experiences for consumers, and highlighted media and tech giants Facebook and Google for lack of transparency on the performance of campaigns on their platforms, along with uneven inventory quality. Pritchard asserted that he doesn’t “want to waste time and money on a crappy media supply chain” and urged the industry to fix issues his company has been demanding for over a year. Undeterred, at an Association of National Advertiser meeting in February, he took up the issue again. When a behemoth like P&G talks, its impact as a change agent isn’t likely to be ignored. Most recently, Pritchard said Facebook and Google’s agreement to submit to audits by the Media Rating Council is not enough, and that agencies must offer more transparency around audit results. My reaction to Pritchard’s charges? Good for him — and for us. The more we all rally around change in a complicated and fast-moving industry, the better. Here’s another smoldering issue: Brand marketers’ ads are increasingly being served up on inflammatory media websites like Breitbart News. There is a striking lack of, or ineffectiveness of, safeguards for brands that need to know where their ads are running. Marketers want their ads running in “brand-safe” and contextually relevant environments, but when buying ads on open exchanges, there are no guarantees where the ads will run. According to a New York Times article, investment advisory firm Vanguard was clued into its ads showing up on Breitbart, not by its advertising agency but by a client. Not exactly the kind of call Vanguard was hoping for. As CEO of a company with a marketing platform for ad, email and site personalization, I’ve had a front-row seat to these issues as they’ve unfolded in our industry. I’ve also experienced endless “the buck stops with me” moments while trying to face head-on the challenges of this complex industry. So, here’s my “prescription” to move us forward: Ingredient One: What’s our version of the Lemon Law? If you’ve ever bought a car and encountered persistent problems caused by the manufacturer, you’re likely familiar with a law on the books in the US called the “Lemon Law.” This legislation is intended as a remedy for purchasers who, by no fault of their own, purchased a defective product. I am not proposing a Lemon Law per se, but a way to legitimately address a brand’s concern over paying for a “defective” advertising campaign (i.e., you shouldn’t pay for an ad that isn’t seen). Instead, the advertising industry hides behind the “contractual clause” excuse or complicated jargony explanations Pritchard rails against. Specifically, sellers of media need to be responsible for the ads they sell, and that should trickle down from the top to the bottom of the value chain. Thus, if I sell an inappropriate ad impression to an agency or brand, they shouldn’t pay for it. But if I bought that impression from an ad exchange, then I shouldn’t pay for that impression. And then, of course, the ad exchange shouldn’t pay the original seller. That is not how it works today. If I buy an ad, and an agency says it’s not viewable, I don’t get the revenue, and I still pay for the purchase, which means the seller still makes money. When the seller is selling fraud, that’s just not right, and it encourages more bad behavior. Ingredient Two: Be our own change agents and agree to universal standards When I look at what’s happening around the world and here in the US as people vie for change, I see action, not talk. Grassroots initiatives are popping up everywhere to push for change. In politics, we see people putting a stake in the ground defining non-negotiable issues. More people are preparing to run for local or state elected office having never served before. Indeed, we have a president who was elected at least in part because millions of people felt forgotten and wanted a revolution rather than more of the same. I’m hoping that we’ll see similar enthusiasm in our industry. We should be the ones to drive change, not be driven by it. This needs to start with agreeing to viewability standards, rather than opining on why they won’t work. P&G is adopting the MRC standard. It may not be perfect, but it’s a start. Our industry has evolved dramatically over decades — and so can our standards, so long as we define them. Ingredient Three: Consensus-driven industry guidelines and individual ethics We need consensus-driven industry guidelines and must adhere to an “honor code” of sorts to responsibly regulate ourselves within the industry. Every person, no matter what function or title, can live up to this honor code. What stops one from making an unethical choice? Generally, it’s our individual moral compass. For example, our company sees and uses data on the way people behave and engage, but we made the decision not to collect data on medical status or history, or any personally identifiable financial information. It’s reasonable to think there are companies that could utilize this data, but we don’t believe it is ethically appropriate. This is in line with IAB guidelines. I am reminded of the Charles Dickens novel, “A Tale of Two Cities,” and its most famous line, “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.” It was, of course, the age of wisdom and “the best of times,” and yet at the same time it was the age of foolishness, “the worst of times.” We are lucky to be in an industry that reaps the benefits of imagination and rigor of data science. As an industry, we have come so far and have many great advancements ahead of us. We need a cure that encompasses industry-wide reform, or future foolishness will win out. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Marketing Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author James Green James Green is chief executive officer at Magnetic, a technology company with a marketing platform for enterprises, brands and agencies. James is charged with driving the company’s strategic vision and overall expansion. Related Topics Channel: Display AdvertisingDisplay AdvertisingDisplay Advertising ColumnDisplay Advertising: Ad FraudHow To Guides: Display Advertising Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers AI: The Next Generation of Marketing Five Best Practices for Preparing In-House IT for Corporate Video Workflows Channel Marketing Transformation: A Tactical Guide to Upgrading Your Channel Marketing Program Relevant Reach How to Build Customer Loyalty with a Customer Community See More Whitepapers Webinars The BI Wish List: 5 Hottest Trends in Advanced Analytics The Secret to Driving Facebook and Display Ad ROI: Phone call conversions Content Attribution: Identifying content that converts See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 Berkeley Group Holdings PLC’s (BKG) Hold Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Price Target Raised to $148.00 at Barclays PLC Dalata Hotel Group Plc’s (DAL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Berenberg Bank Whitman Howard Reaffirms Hold Rating for Diageo plc (DGE) Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC AlarmCom Hldg’s (ALRM) Buy Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC DSW’s (DSW) “Reduce” Rating Reiterated at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Hold Rating for Duke Realty Corp (DRE) Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) Given a $15.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Price Target Raised to $93.00 Walt Disney Co (DIS) Given Buy Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies Guggenheim Cuts Dollar General Corp. (DG) Price Target to $85.00 Energy Fuels Inc (UUUU) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research FY2017 EPS Estimates for Canadian Metals Inc (CME) Increased by Analyst Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) EVP Sells $97,773.00 in Stock Insider Selling: TCF Financial Co. (TCB) Director Sells $105,300.00 in Stock Franklin Resources’ (BEN) Underweight Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley Barclays PLC (BCS) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Sold by Edgewood Management LLC Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Edgewood Management LLC lowered its position in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 15.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 2,800 shares of the company’s stock after selling 500 shares during the period. Edgewood Management LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $235,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of PG. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $292,352,000. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 198.8% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 4,367,095 shares of the company’s stock worth $391,947,000 after buying an additional 2,905,755 shares in the last quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 71.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 5,894,436 shares of the company’s stock worth $529,026,000 after buying an additional 2,465,900 shares in the last quarter. Equity Investment Corp Acquisition Inc bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $105,370,000. Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 38.3% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 4,371,494 shares of the company’s stock worth $392,342,000 after buying an additional 1,211,300 shares in the last quarter. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 91.00 on Monday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $89.77 and a 200-day moving average of $86.86. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12 month low of $79.10 and a 12 month high of $92.00. The firm has a market capitalization of $232.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.67 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.04 EPS. The business’s revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: PG has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, November 21st. Evercore ISI reissued an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Vetr lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $87.49 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.79. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total value of $5,126,855.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total value of $171,185.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 30,952 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,824,370. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Modine Manufacturing Co. (MOD) Stake Boosted by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Next » The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Reasons Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Could Drop Why the consumer products titan's recent rally could stall. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Mar 20, 2017 at 1:43PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) is beating the market so far in 2017, up 8% compared to the Dow Jones Industrial Average's 6% advance. The stock is steadily closing in on the all-time high of $93 per share it set in late 2014. Investors have plenty to be optimistic about as sales growth speeds up and earnings get a major boost from cost cuts and a portfolio reboot. Yet caution flags remain for this struggling consumer products business. Here are a few good reasons to believe P&G's recent stock market rally won't last. Sluggish industry The slowdown in the consumer goods industry has been a major factor in P&G's uninspiring growth over the past few years, and there's little evidence of a significant global rebound gathering steam. In fact, rival Kimberly-Clark, which competes with P&G in the diaper market, recently projected just 2% organic sales growth in 2017 on the assumption that the challenging economic conditions that sank its 2016 results will continue. Image source: Getty Images. Unilever (NYSE:UL) sounded a similarly depressing tone in January when it warned investors about a shrinking industry in developed markets and major economic challenges in key developing markets. "The tough market conditions which made the end of the year particularly challenging," CEO Paul Polman said in a press release, "are likely to continue in the first half of 2017" before hopefully improving later. P&G executives were more optimistic in their latest results as they boosted their full-year outlook following two consecutive quarters of surprisingly strong gains. However, they're still projecting just 2.5% organic growth at the midpoint of guidance, compared to the 3% or better they achieved as recently as 2013. P&G's forecast could easily drift lower along with a weakening overall industry. More market-share losses P&G has improved the rate of its market-share losses lately, but it could easily continue losing ground to rivals over the coming years. There are major brand challenges to worry about here, including against the Gillette global shaving franchise from Unilever's online-based competitor, Dollar Shave Club. Image source: P&G. There's also a more general threat from local rivals, including retailers that are dedicating more shelf space to their value-focused corporate brands -- and elbowing P&G's premium options to the side. These hits helped push market share down in each of P&G's five core product categories last year. And while a brand-shedding initiative has left the company with a more defensible portfolio, the consumer products giant's business model requires that it grow at a faster rate than the overall market. P&G hasn't achieved that goal in roughly three years, and the stock isn't likely to return to its winning ways until investors see that trend change. Innovation stumbles Procter & Gamble sees innovation as critical to its long-term growth. The ability to improve on existing products and launch entirely new categories "has always been, and continues to be, P&G's lifeblood," the company explains in its 10-K report. Lately, though, the main engine of profit growth for investors has come from cuts -- from the brand portfolio and from the cost structure -- rather than innovative product launches. The good news is, P&G has raised tens of billions of dollars by selling off pieces of its portfolio and slashing inefficiencies. That cash has funded one of the market's most generous capital return plans, that promises to deliver $22 billion to shareholders this year alone. Cost cuts aren't a long-term growth solution, however. And now that P&G has the portfolio that it wants, the company must start delivering the accelerated sales gains that management has been promising. In addition, it needs to introduce new billion-dollar products, the type that executives describe as "game-changing inventions that create new brands and categories." P&G hasn't released a major hit like that in a decade, and a continued innovation dry spell would sap returns for investors over the coming years in a way that the company couldn't offset through brand sales and cost cuts. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 1:43PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $50.15 no change (0.00%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.99 no change (0.00%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Procter & Gamble Company Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Reasons Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Could Drop @themotleyfool #stocks $UL, $PG
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Living Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Women’s orgasms are literally worth billions By Hannah-Rose Yee View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 20, 2017 | 3:54pm | Updated March 21, 2017 | 12:30pm Modal Trigger Shutterstock Originally Published By: These brands are cashing in on your climax. Take a guess at just how much the global vibrator industry is worth. Now double it. And add a couple hundred thousand more on top for good measure. The vibrator market is worth roughly $2.5 billion globally, with some 60 million sex toys sold every year. A cool $750 million of that is coming out of the US — more than double that country’s market for condoms ($350 million). One company alone — California’s Doc Johnson, the “Procter & Gamble of sex toys” — estimates that they pour 125 tons of rubber to make 330,000 vibrators each month, translating to $75 million in sales every year. That is an insane amount of money, and it shows no sign of slowing down. British sex shop Lovehoney estimated that by 2020, the market will be worth $50 billion annually … as much as smartphones and computers. Vibrator sales are rising, and rising, and rising, thanks to a greater market penetration — so to speak — since the release of books and films like “Fifty Shades of Grey.” Pop-culture sex toys like nipple clamps and ben wah balls have witnessed a staggering growth in business, with sales up by 400 percent, taking them from the fringes of erotica right to the mainstream. And with booming business comes innovation. Gone are the days of terrifying-looking, phallic-shaped, cheap and nasty vibrators. Sex toys these days reflect the billion-dollar business that they represent: sleek, streamlined and — dare we say it — chic. There’s LELO, a Swedish startup (aren’t they all?) dubbed the “Apple of sex toys.” Ergonomic and beautifully designed, their bestselling vibrators combine high-performance tech with sophisticated materials in elegant colors. They even have a range of solid, 24-carat-gold vibrators called INEZ that retail for $15,000 each. They are popular in France, Germany and the US and endorsed by no less than Gwyneth Paltrow herself. Founded in Stockholm 15 years ago, today LELO’s products are sold in 50 countries around the world and have offices in Silicon Valley, Berlin, Shanghai and, yes, even Australia, which they list as a “very strong” market. Since disclosing a $4.5 million turnover in 2008, the company has reported 100 percent growth year on year. A post shared by LELO (@lelo_official) on May 11, 2016 at 7:27am PDT LELO’s not alone in exploiting the billion-dollar business of vibrators and cashing in on the climax of savvy millennial women shopping for — and pleasing — themselves. There’s Lioness, a smart vibrator that tracks your orgasms like a fitbit, feeding information back to you about the intensity and duration of your climax via a neat little app. Funded on Kickstarter in just four days, the first set of products will be hitting bedrooms around the world this month. The market for smart vibrators and the apps they are aligned with hasn’t slowed, despite the recent court case against We-Vibe, a sex toy company sued for storing intimate data about its users on very hackable servers. Apps like OMG Yes, which provides easy-to-follow, gorgeously put together instructional tutorials on how to reach better orgasms, have seen booming growth as well. Some 40,000 men and women have forked over the $39 fee to become members of the platform, thanks in part to Emma Watson’s glowing endorsement (“I wish it had been around longer,” she revealed to a bemused Gloria Steinem in an interview last year). Thank you @emwatson and @gloriasteinem for being so open about women's sexual pleasure! @5X15stories @howtoacademy pic.twitter.com/xGtQzCkVjo — OMGYES (@OMGYES) February 26, 2016 Luckily for Watson, orgasms aren’t going anywhere. And neither are the businesses that are making seriously big money from them. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy This article originally appeared on WHIMN. Filed under gadgets ,  sex toys ,  vaginas Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next That awesome delivery restaurant you love doesn't actually... Read Next That awesome delivery restaurant you love doesn't actually... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 98,306 Twitter freaks after Kristi Yamaguchi tells Nancy Kerrigan to 'break a leg' 52,669 Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt 41,527 Infant twin girls found dead inside apartment Now On Suge Knight hospitalized for blood clots Kate Winslet: My childhood bullies called me ‘blubber’ James Corden pays tribute to London terror attack victims SEE ALL Video 1:03 AT&T contractors caught having the 'sissiest fight' ever on lawn Now On HBO's All-Time Sexiest Scenes From Their Best Shows SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Twitter freaks after Kristi Yamaguchi tells Nancy Kerrigan to 'break a leg' Now On Decider 10 Movies That Pushed The Boundaries Too Far nypost Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: The 3 Most Important Valuation Metrics While the P/E ratio is the most popular valuation metric, with think price-to-sales, debt-to-equity, and enterprise value-to-EBITDA are even more important. Matthew DiLallo, Demitrios Kalogeropoulos, and Daniel Miller (TMFmd19) Mar 20, 2017 at 8:10AM The first valuation metric most investors learn is the price-to-earnings ratio, which is simply a company's stock price divided by its earnings per share over the past year. It's such a popular metric that most finance websites already calculate it for investors. However, while it's the gold-standard valuation metric for most investors, it's always a good idea to have a few more tools in your toolbox when researching stocks.  With that in mind, we asked three of our contributors which valuation metric they thought was the most important. While they all noted the value of the P/E ratio, they thought that price-to-sales, debt-to-equity, and enterprise value-to-EBITDA were even more important. Here's why. Image source: Getty Images. Focus on revenue Demitri Kalogeropoulos (price-to-sales): There are good reasons the P/E ratio is so popular with investors, given that it neatly captures how many years of profits you're paying to buy a business. When valuing a stable and predictable earnings stream, that metric can speak volumes. Consider Costco (NASDAQ:COST), which generates between 1.5% and 2% of sales in earnings each year thanks to membership fees that tend to flow at the same pace despite swings in the broader retailing industry. Investors have decided to pay between 25 and 30 times that profit to own Costco's business, marking a solid premium over its less consistent retailing peers. But in situations where recent earnings are volatile or unreliable, I'm a fan of price-to-sales. There are many ways a company can swing profit over the short term, but revenue is more difficult to manipulate. Consumer-goods giant Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), for example, recently saw its P/E ratio collapse to below 17 -- a 40% decline in the past year. That's mostly thanks to a one-time, $9 billion divestment of a big collection of its beauty brands. On a price-to-sales basis, P&G has become more expensive lately, with investors paying 3.9 times revenue today, compared with 3.5 times revenue a year ago. With the simple price-to-sales metric in your toolbox, an investor can quickly look behind those unusually high or low P/E numbers to get a more complete picture of a stock's valuation. An important metric and beyond Daniel Miller (debt-to-equity): When investors are looking for the next big winner in the stock market, understanding a company's financial health should be a top priority. The debt-to-equity ratio is used to measure a company's financial leverage by dividing a company's total liabilities by its stockholders' equity. And while that's a great metric that investors should acquaint themselves with, this example is going to go a step further and explain why you truly need to understand the figures you put into the equation. Here's a great example of arguably the world's most misunderstood debt figure, which unfairly inflates Ford Motor Company's (NYSE:F) debt-to-equity ratio when compared with its competitors. The reason behind the misunderstood figure is Ford Credit, which effectively acts as a bank to lend consumers financing when purchasing a vehicle, among other business objectives. Many of Ford's competitors don't have comparable financial divisions. Because Ford Credit assumes a massive debt load to fund these strategies, and isn't often separated from Ford's total debt sum, which is used in the equation, it's mostly incorrect. For context, at the end of 2016 Ford's total debt load was $142.9 billion, according to Yahoo! Finance, but its automotive debt is a modest $15.9 billion. Many investors overlook the debt situation at Ford, and let's remember that Ford Credit, which is responsible for the bulk of total debt, is actually Ford's most profitable entity outside its North America region. Debt to equity is a very important metric, but perhaps the most important thing about investing isn't about important metrics; it's about understanding what data you put into them.  Drilling down deeper often tells a different story Matt DiLallo (enterprise value-to-EBITDA):As Demitri already pointed out, a company's reported earnings can be volatile or even unreliable, which can cause a price-to-earnings ratio to become useless. The energy sector, in particular, is one where a P/E ratio often doesn't tell the correct story. That's because earnings are often artificially low because of large depreciation charges or writedowns resulting from lower commodity prices. Take pipeline giant Kinder Morgan (NYSE:KMI), which at first glance appears to trade at a nosebleed valuation of 86 times earnings. However, that's because the company recorded several impairment charges and other items last year, which pushed its net income down to $522 million. That's a far cry from the company's underlying earnings of $7.2 billion. And that's why I prefer to use the enterprise value-to-EBITDA (EV/EBITDA) ratio, because it tells the whole story. Not only does it measure a company's underlying cash flow instead of its earnings, but it also compares that cash flow to a company's enterprise value, which takes debt into account. When we use this metric on Kinder Morgan, its valuation ratio falls to 15, which is right in line with other large energy infrastructure companies. Many businesses use this valuation metric to make buying or selling decisions for a unit or an asset. For example, last year Kinder Morgan sold a stake in one of its pipelines for 11.6 times EV/EBITDA to shore up its balance sheet. While that valuation was less than the 12 to 14 ratio that similar assets had fetched in the marketplace, the company sold the asset for less because it expects to earn a much higher EV/EBITDA multiple on capital invested in future system expansions with the new partner, which will more than make up the difference.  While it takes some extra work to figure out a company's EV/EBITDA ratio, that work is often worth the effort because it gives an investor a more accurate picture of a company's true value.   Daniel Miller owns shares of Ford. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Costco Wholesale. Matt DiLallo owns shares of Ford and Kinder Morgan and has the following options: short January 2018 $30 puts on Kinder Morgan, long January 2018 $30 calls on Kinder Morgan, and long January 2018 $10 calls on Ford. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale, Ford, and Kinder Morgan. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew DiLallo, Demitrios Kalogeropoulos, and Daniel Miller (TMFmd19) Matthew is a Senior Energy and Materials Specialist with The Motley Fool. He graduated from the Liberty University with a degree in Biblical Studies and a Masters of Business Administration. You can follow him on Twitter for the latest news and analysis of the energy and materials industries: Follow @matthewdilallo Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 8:10AM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Ford NYSE:F $11.77 no change (0.00%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.99 no change (0.00%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $167.68 no change (0.00%) Kinder Morgan NYSE:KMI $20.98 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Kinder Morgan Inc Could Be a Gold Mine for Income Investors Kinder Morgan Inc.'s Q4 Results Are Right on the Money 2 Stocks With Better Dividends Than Kinder Morgan, Inc. Kinder Morgan Inc. Can Finally Move Forward on This Critical Pipeline Why Did Kinder Morgan Inc.'s Stock Slump 11.2% in October? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Upfronts 2017: Cable Nets Remind Advertisers TV Is About More Than Data By Jeanine Poggi - 30 minutes ago Array 0 The Connected Life Video: Finding the Magic in the Math 42 minutes ago Array 0 In a Blizzard of Cellphone Promos, McDonald's Tribute to a Teacher Stands Out on Viral Video Chart 1 hour ago Array 0 New iPhones Raise Funds to Fight AIDS; in China, Apple Doesn't Mention That By Angela Doland - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Chick-fil-A, Southwest Airlines, Dick's Sporting Goods and More By Catherine Gin - 1 hour ago Array 0 A House Sets Sail in This Dreamy Home Improvement Spot By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 SXSW Music: What Is Wrong With Us? By Geoff Cottrill - 7 hours ago 0 Production Costs Can Be Rigged Without Being Illegal By Emma Hall - 7 hours ago 0 Facebook Just Changed the Mobile Web Landscape With Header Bidding By George Slefo - 4 hours ago 0 Coalition for Better Ads Might Not Be the Solution Marketers Were Hoping For By George Slefo - 13 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 40 Under 40 - 2 days ago 0 Here Are the Podcasts That Influencers Turn to for Inspiration By Ad Age Staff - 2 days ago 0 Watch a Modern Ferris Bueller Track His Domino's Order By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 YouTube Clears Up Metrics Mess by Focusing on These Three Stats By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Study: Viewability Matters, But Likeability Matters Even More in Online Video By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Rance Crain 'Take It or Leave Its' or 'So Whats' Would Help Internet Brands By Rance Crain. Published on March 20, 2017. Most Popular Do you think there's any correlation between a less-than-robust economy and marketers' increased reliance on digital commerce and advertising? The 21st century hasn't been very cooperative so far. David Brooks, columnist for The New York Times, says the current time period is "looking much nastier and bumpier" than the 20th century. "Rising ethnic nationalism, falling faith in democracy, a dissolving world order." And, I would add, the 21st century marks the rise and absolute domination of the internet. The internet has been playing havoc with all sorts of traditional businesses, from retailing to the media. And about all we've got to show for the disruption is Amazon, Google and Facebook. And competitors find it exceedingly difficult to compete against Google and Facebook. Chuck Townsend, the retired chairman of Condé Nast, told me last year that he was "really disappointed" in the amount of digital advertising Condé Nast had generated -- a little more than 15% of ad revenues. That's why the company has teamed up with NBC Universal and Vox Media to collectively deliver 200 million web visitors, about double the Condé Nast number. What other $80 billion business doesn't know if its product is even seen or is effective in selling merchandise? What other business treats fraud as a necessary expense? And what other business is dominated by two gigantic ad platforms in Google and Facebook, with everybody else getting the crumbs? And speaking of crumbs, consumers sure don't seem to be in a buying mode. Many of the top brands are showing declines as consumers look for healthier and more innovative items. It doesn't help that many digital advertisers seem to be conceding that their products will interest only consumers who are already sold on them. So brand building is taking a backseat, and marketers are pumping more and more of their money into digital ads, focusing intently on their most avid buyers by following their every move around the internet. Casual or indifferent buyers are ignored. Procter & Gamble, for one, has come to the conclusion that it is missing out on building its brands by not stretching for a broader reach. P&G's focus is now on "reach and continuity," said Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard, with brands such as Tide, Pampers and Febreze increasing reach 10% to 20% in the U.S. while still focusing on their most important consumer segments. That effort has included "shifting to more broadly appealing television shows and also higher–reach digital platforms," Ad Age reported. P&G is also scaling back on targeted Facebook advertising because it wasn't helping it reach enough new customers. Maybe Facebook should start a new service going beyond "likes" and catering to the much broader segment of "take it or leave its" or even the more lackadaisical "so whats?" The point is marketers, to grow in a non-growth environment, need to become more aggressive in building their brands by reaching out to once-in-a-while churchgoers rather than preaching to the choir over and over again. Kraft Heinz, meanwhile, is not simply making small adjustments. The company, the product of a 2015 merger, is a proponent of the slash-and-burn style of management. As The Wall Street Journal said, the company "is motivated by an inexorable logic. There is little growth in consumer products, so the model appears to be: buy, cut costs and buy again. Kraft Heinz believes it needs a big new target. It will likely prove a determined hunter." You would think that this approach, which encompasses zero-based budgeting, would prove devastating to ad spending, but at Kraft Heinz they seem to be cutting so they'll have more money for advertising. A year ago, the company said it would increase "working media" by $50 million and cut back on "nonworking" media such as production (as P&G has done). What's actually happened in the last year is surprising -- at least to me. I asked our crack Ad Age Datacenter crew -- Kevin Brown and Brad Johnson -- along with reporter Jessica Wohl, to look into what Kraft Heinz actually spent on advertising during 2016, fully expecting that it couldn't resist chopping ads to bolster the bottom line. But here's what they found: Kraft Heinz "appears to have met -- and exceeded" its plan to increase its U.S. working media budget by $50 million in 2016, Brad told me. He said the company's measured media spending rose by $92 million, or 19.2%, in the first 11 months of 2016 versus the same period in 2015, according to our analysis of data from Kantar Media. Since Kraft Heinz is fixated on increasing its operating margins, you've got to figure that its increased ad spending paid off by selling more high-margin products (unless it got the extra money by drastically lowering its production costs -- maybe it shot its TV commercials on an iPhone). In addition to a big Heinz "Meet the Ketchups" Super Bowl campaign, the company spent money on cleaner formulations of well-known products, such as Capri Sun Organic and Kraft macaroni and cheese with no artificial flavors, preservatives or synthetic colors. In 2017, the company said it would focus on three key brands -- Heinz, Kraft and Planters -- and on five categories with global potential: condiments and sauces, cheese, meals, nuts and baby food -- with plans for "significant incremental investment in marketing." It would have been very interesting to observe how the Kraft Heinz-Unilever amalgamation would have panned out. Last year, Unilever reduced its "brand marketing investment" as a percentage of sales, enabling the company to improve its operating margin. Maybe Kraft Heinz can show the Unilever people how they can have higher margins and still spend more money on advertising, and why I'm guessing Kraft Heinz will continue to be a "determined hunter" of Unilever and why P&G will also be paying close attention. In this article: CPG Packaged Food Rance Crain Technology Rance Crain Rance Crain is president of Crain Communications and editor-in-chief of Advertising Age. View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Advertisement Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement THE BLOG Video Is Miraculous And Complex, But You Can Master It Like A True Magician 20/03/2017 12:48 Nigel Clarkson UK MD of Yahoo Good magicians depend on a few essential pieces of kit to successfully execute their craft: a wand, a rabbit, a top hat and an audience to wow. Similarly, when it comes to video, marketers need a screen, creative, eyeballs and accurate measurement to track performance. Since the debut of the television, the medium of video has cast a spell that works wonders for marketing. Today, it remains the content format du jour for advertisers and marketers of all shades, and encompasses TV ads, VoD, OOH display, and numerous forms of online content. It spans multiple marketing disciplines and environments, and expertise is claimed by everyone from creative agencies to analytics firms. While the format seemingly finds its way into every area of marketing, we still don't necessarily have clear definitions of what video marketing encompasses and who should 'own' video - or if we even need this clarity. One thing is sure though: Brands are eating up all forms of video. This is hardly surprising, given the vast proportion of internet traffic that it accounts for. Last year, Cisco predicted that video would represent 82% of all internet traffic by 2020. Whether it's pre-roll, in-stream, auto-play, skippable, viewable or cost per completed view, an ad that moves seems to be more desired - and has more cut-through - than a static ad. A third of today's UK and US digital video viewers already watch more than 4 hours of digital video every week. But the consumption route is changing, as more consumers become 'mobile-first'. At this year's Ad Week Europe conference, I'm particularly looking forward to seeing how video fits into the mobile strategies discussed. Will all of the brands be using mobile video, and - more importantly - should they? Which video marketing strategies will be mobile-first? And what changes and innovations can we expect in this space in terms of creative, delivery, and measurement? While the pace of change accelerates, the most prominent challenge will continue to be the rapid shift of video consumption to mobile. Despite this clear trend, many marketers are still repurposing landscape, TV-style content for mobile ads. Rather than creating mobile-first content, they're simply recycling existing video or trying to squeeze TV and web content into a mobile environment. As an industry, we need to re-think mobile creative. It must be short, punchy, and engaging. The brand needs to appear as soon as possible in the video, particularly for skippable ads, in order to register a brand impression. In broad terms, we need to change the mindset from that of creating video for the 'digital world' in general, and think specifically of creating video content for mobile consumers. Discussion of impressions also reminds us that digital marketing campaigns live and die by targeting and measurement, and video is no exception. Digital videos are a form of performance marketing, and their success is judged in a binary, quantifiable way. Was the ad seen? How long for? Was it the right kind of viewer? Was there a click-through? How many shares? These are the metrics that dominate the plans and reports of digital marketers. But one trend I'm seeing emerge is the growth of digital campaigns as branding exercises. Rather than a hyper-targeted approach, some brands are beginning to see their digital campaigns as 'brand broadcasts'. In line with this, just a few months ago Procter & Gamble's chief brand officer, Mark Pritchard, announced that the company was diverting spend away from much of its targeted digital marketing, and turning back towards broad reach. No other media is measured in the same way as digital campaigns. Print ads and billboards may well lead to sales, but these can't be quantified. Having stuck rigorously to the idea of hyper-targeting and inflexible metrics, it seems that digital marketers may now be more willing to accept that certain ads are 'brand ads' rather than simply a hard driver of sales leads. The best magicians stay ahead of their peers, always coming up with new ways to amaze. Similarly, marketers must constantly find ways to keep their audiences impressed. Newer ideas, like short-form and interactive, encouraged marketers to be better storytellers, and they continue to do so. Meanwhile, advanced measurement tools help marketers better track performance and success, however the brand defines it. Video is always evolving, and the best 'video magicians' don't just have the best wand or the smartest top hat. They have the right knowledge and a finger on the pulse of a format that's continuously evolving. Enjoy your Ad Week! Follow Nigel Clarkson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/NigelPClarkson More: Marketing Advertising Advertising Week Adweek Europe Advertising Week Europe Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK DAILY BRIEF Learn more Newsletter 1.19 M 185 K 22.3 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Video Is Miraculous And Complex, But You Can Master It Like A True Magician CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Ford's tips for in-car marketing Binge-watching booms in USA Marketers assess the potential of GIFs Advertisers call for higher standards UK advertisers consider in-house merits Airbnb rebrands for push into China Alibaba will build e-hub in Malaysia View more news Clarity demanded on digital metrics 20 March 2017 NEW YORK: Following the decisions by Facebook and YouTube to allow the Media Ratings Council (MRC) to audit their advertising metrics, pressure is growing on other digital platforms to follow suit. A new survey of 113 members of the ANA revealed that 89% viewed independent audits as a positive development. Around half (57%) saw them as very positive and one third (32%) as moderately positive; a further 8% were neutral and just 3% were moderately negative. And the advertiser body upped the ante by demanding action from seven named platforms: Amazon, Foursquare, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter. "The ANA calls on these organizations to embrace transparency and break down their walled gardens by allowing independent audits by the MRC, " it said. Last month both Facebook and YouTube started the ball rolling when they agreed to undergo audits by the MRC. Pinterest and Twitter are understood to have discussed a similar process. Not so Snapchat, although it is open to third-party ad measurement. The platform fared badly in a recent ranking of social platforms in terms of ROI. It scored just 3.43 on a scale of 1 to 8, in part because of the difficulty marketers face in measuring key performance indicators and in targeting. The growing calls for transparency that are coming from both agencies and advertisers cannot be resisted forever. The fact that the world's largest advertiser, Procter & Gamble, has declared that it regards MRC validation as its viewability gold standard, for example, has concentrated minds. "We're accepting a shared level of error in order to conduct business on a level playing field across platforms and publishers," P&G's chief brand officer said recently. "But we expect all of our agencies, media suppliers, and platforms to adopt the standard during 2017 … We will no longer tolerate the ridiculous complexity of different viewability standards." An particular frustration for marketers, according to Bill Duggan, exec VP, ANA, is that "they are unable to optimize if walled gardens don't open up and share data". Data sourced from ANA, Advertising Age; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: AT&T builds its digital marketing muscle with OTT GroupM Interaction 2017: The state of digital marketing and its implications for advertisers Facebook: Digital marketing measurements need to focus on what really matters Eight steps marketers can take to get the most out of digital attribution IAB Digital Attribution Primer 2.0 Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Ford's tips for in-car marketing Binge-watching booms in USA Marketers assess the potential of GIFs Advertisers call for higher standards UK advertisers consider in-house merits Airbnb rebrands for push into China Alibaba will build e-hub in Malaysia View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Even more brands have joined a boycott against Google over ads on extremist videos 934 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Google is facing a growing advertiser boycott in the UK. Image: david paul morris/Getty Images By Patrick Kulp2017-03-21 00:38:20 UTC Google now has a full-scale advertiser revolt on its hands. A host of British brands and governmental groups pulled their business from the search giant's platform last week after reports showed that ads were surfacing on YouTube videos from terrorists and hate-mongers. Several more joined in over the weekend, including three of the UK's largest banks — HSBC, Royal Bank of Scotland, and Lloyds — and British department store Marks & Spencer. SEE ALSO: Google swears ads will stop showing up in the absolute worst places The crisis was enough to prompt ad industry analyst Brian Wieser to downgrade parent company Alphabet's stock from "buy" to "hold" on Monday. He warned that the backlash has the potential to spill out from the UK to the rest of the world.  "We think that the problems which have come to light will have global repercussions as UK marketers potentially adapt their UK policies to other markets and as marketers around the world become more aware of the problem," Wieser wrote in a research note from his firm, Pivotal Research. As of Monday afternoon, Alphabet stock was only down around a half a percent after trading at an all-time-high price in recent days. The Royal Bank of Scotland isn't too keen on advertising on offensive videos. Image: AP/REX/Shutterstock The ads in question were first uncovered through a series of investigations by The Times of London and The Guardian in recent weeks. The papers found that Google's automated systems were placing ads for major brands on videos of former KKK leader David Duke, Islamic State sympathizers and a homophobic preacher who praised the Orlando nightclub shooting, among other controversial content.  It's unclear whether these mistakes are more common in the UK, or that's simply where they're getting press attention at the moment. But Google's head of European operations, Matt Brittin, also conceded the global scope of the issue during a public apology at the Advertising Week Europe conference on Monday, according to AdAge's report.  "This is a good opportunity for me to say sorry, this should not have happened, and we need to do better," Britten said. Google offered another mea culpa in a blog post last Friday after the British government called a hearing with the company to determine why taxpayer-funded ads were found in such disturbing places. Neither of the apologies offered much in the way of concrete fixes, beyond a vague promise to figure one out in the coming weeks. Wieser cited the lack of clear direction as one of the reasons for the downgrade. "The approach comes across to us as attempting to minimize the problem rather than eliminating it, which is the standard we think that many large brand advertisers expect," he wrote.  You can probably expect to see more hat-in-hand statements from Google this week as its execs face crowds of wary ad professionals at one of the industry's biggest conferences in London. "This is a good opportunity for me to say sorry, this should not have happened, and we need to do better" Google and Facebook currently have duopoly control over the online ads market. Some leading industry figures have recognized that collective force among big brands is the only way to counterbalance that power. Leading the charge is Marc Pritchard, chief marketing officer at the world's biggest advertiser, Procter & Gamble, who's been outspoken in his criticism of the digital ads model. "The days of giving digital a pass are over," Pritchard said in a call to arms at an Association of National Advertisers meeting in January. "It's time to grow up. It's time for action." The boycott in the UK seems to be one of the first instances of advertisers actually following through with that sentiment.  With other long-simmering tensions between marketers and digital platforms now reaching a head — including rampant ad fraud, transparency in how ads are sold, and measurement concerns — it may be only the beginning.  WATCH: Is ad blocking wrong?           Topics: Advertising, alphabet, Business, Google, YouTube About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Mar 20, 2017, 10:01 ET Share this article LONDON, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cephalosporins, Penicillins, Fluoroquinolones, Macrolides, Carbapenems and Others The global antibacterial drugs market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 1.3% in the first half of the forecast period and a CAGR of 3.1% in the second half of the forecast period. The market is estimated at $41.76bn in 2016 and $44.54bn in 2021. How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. In this brand new 304-page report you will receive 124 tables and 97 figures - all unavailable elsewhere. The 304-page report provides clear detailed insight into the global antibacterial drugs market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope • Global Antibacterial Drugs Market forecasts from 2017-2027 • Revenue forecasts for the 6 leading submarkets from 2017-2027: - Cephalosporins - Penicillins - Fluoroquinolones - Macrolides - Carbapenems - Others • Revenue forecasts for the 43 leading marketed antibacterial drugs from 2017-2027: - Cephalosporins: Rocephin, Sulperazon, Ceftin/Zinnat, Meiact, Flomox, Teflaro, Zeftera, Ceftolozane-tazobactam, Ceftazidime-Avibactam - Penicillins: Generic amoxicillin, Augmentin, Zosyn/Tazocin, Unasyn, Generic amoxicllin-clavulanic acid, Amoxil - Fluoroquinolones: Avelox, Cravit, Vigamox, Ciprodex, Cipro/Ciprobay, Geninax, Defafloxacin - Macrolides: Biaxin/Clarith, Zithromax, Dalacin, Dificid, Solithromycin - Carbapenems: Invanz, Merrem/Meropen, Primaxin, Doribax - Other antibacterial drugs: Zyvox, Cubicin, Tygacil, TOBI/TIP, Solodyn, Vibativ, Sirturo, Tedizolid, Oritavancin, Dalbavancin, Nemonoxacin, Surotomycin To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com • Revenue forecasts for the leading developed and emerging national and regional markets. Markets forecasted in this report are the following: - The US - The EU: France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the UK, and others - Japan - The BRIC countries: Brazil, Russia, India, China - South Korea - The Rest of the World • Analysis of the strengths, weaknesses as well as the opportunities and threats of the antibacterial drugs industry and market • Coverage of antibacterial drug candidates in the R&D pipeline. Discussions of research and development - see progress in this industry, finding technological, clinical and commercial outlooks and opportunities Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the Global Antibacterial Drugs Market. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017-2027: Cephalosporins, Penicillins, Fluoroquinolones, Macrolides, Carbapenems and Others. To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on: https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1821/Global-Antibacterial-Drugs-Market-2017-2027 Companies Mentioned  Abbott Laboratories AbbVie Achaogen Actavis Actelion Affinium Pharmaceutical AiCuris GmbH & Co. KG Alcon Alkem Laboratories Allergan Allied Pharma Apotex APP Pharmaceuticals Aptalis Pharma Aquapharm Biodiscovery Aradigm Aridis Pharmaceuticals Ascend Therapeutics Astellas Pharma AstraZeneca Aurobindo Pharma Barr Pharmaceuticals Basilea Pharmaceuticals Bayer Laboratories Biomax Biotechnics Bristol-Myers Squibb Cadila Healthcare Calixa Therapeutics Cardeas Pharma Cellceutix Cempra Pharmaceuticals Cipla Claris Lifesciences Cornerstone Biopharma Cornerstone Therapeutics Corona Remedies Critical Therapeutics Cubist Pharmaceuticals Daiichi Sankyo Dainippon Sumitomo Discuva Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Durata Therapeutics Eli Lilly Emcure Pharmaceuticals Eros Pharma Forest Laboratories Furiex Pharmaceuticals Gate Pharma Gilead Sciences Glenmark GlycoVaxyn GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Hetero Hi-Tech Pharma Hikma Farmaceutica Hospira Insmed Intercell Itochu Chemical Frontier Janssen Pharmaceuticals Johnson & Johnson KaloBios Kenta Biotech Kuhnil Pharm Lupin Macleod Pharmaceuticals Medicis MedImmune Meiji Melinta Therapeutics Merck & Co. Merlion Pharmaceuticals Microlabs MicuRx Pharmaceuticals Mpex Pharmaceuticals Mylan Nabriva Therapeutics Nalneva Neiss Labs Nektar Therapeutics Novacta Biosystems Novartis Novexel Optimer Biotechnology Orchid Chemicals Orchid Healthcare Ortho-McNeil Paratek Pharmaceuticals Peninsula Pharmaceuticals Pfizer Pharmacia Phico Therapeutics Piramal Healthcare Plenus Pharmaceuticals Pliva Polyphor Procarta Biosystems Procter & Gamble Pharmaceuticals Ranbaxy Redx Pharma Roche Roxane R-Pharma Sagent Pharmaceuticals Sandoz Sanofi Savara Pharmaceuticals Sawai Pharmaceutical Schering Plough Seika Pharma Sequella Shanghai MengKe Pharmaceuticals Shionogi Shire Sidmak Labs Solitaire Pharmacia Specialised Therapeutics Australia Sunovion Pharma TaiGen Biotechnology Taisho Toyama Takeda TAP Holdings Targanta Therapeutics Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Teva Pharmaceutical Industries The Medicines Company Theravance Torrent Pharmaceuticals Trius Therapeutics TTY Biopharma Unichem Laboratories Valeant Pharmaceuticals Vansen Pharma ViroPharma Warner Chilcott Watson Wockhardt Zhejiang Medicine Company Zuellig Pharma Zydus Pharmaceuticals To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd Mar 21, 2017, 10:01 ET Preview: Polymer Nanocomposites Market 2017-2027 Mar 17, 2017, 10:01 ET Preview: Automotive Engine Oil Market Report 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 22, 2017, 10:01 ETEmerging Technologies in Solar Power Market Report 2017-2027 Mar 21, 2017, 10:01 ETPolymer Nanocomposites Market 2017-2027 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd Mar 20, 2017, 10:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Upfronts 2017: Cable Nets Remind Advertisers TV Is About More Than Data By Jeanine Poggi - 33 minutes ago Array 0 The Connected Life Video: Finding the Magic in the Math 45 minutes ago Array 0 In a Blizzard of Cellphone Promos, McDonald's Tribute to a Teacher Stands Out on Viral Video Chart 1 hour ago Array 0 New iPhones Raise Funds to Fight AIDS; in China, Apple Doesn't Mention That By Angela Doland - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Chick-fil-A, Southwest Airlines, Dick's Sporting Goods and More By Catherine Gin - 1 hour ago Array 0 A House Sets Sail in This Dreamy Home Improvement Spot By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 SXSW Music: What Is Wrong With Us? By Geoff Cottrill - 7 hours ago 0 Production Costs Can Be Rigged Without Being Illegal By Emma Hall - 7 hours ago 0 Facebook Just Changed the Mobile Web Landscape With Header Bidding By George Slefo - 4 hours ago 0 Coalition for Better Ads Might Not Be the Solution Marketers Were Hoping For By George Slefo - 13 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 40 Under 40 - 2 days ago 0 Here Are the Podcasts That Influencers Turn to for Inspiration By Ad Age Staff - 2 days ago 0 Watch a Modern Ferris Bueller Track His Domino's Order By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 YouTube Clears Up Metrics Mess by Focusing on These Three Stats By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Study: Viewability Matters, But Likeability Matters Even More in Online Video By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US ANA Aims to Standardize Gender Equality in Ads By Jack Neff. Published on March 20, 2017. In a bid to strengthen its #SeeHer gender-equality push, the Association of National Advertisers is making the ad-scoring system behind it available for any copy-testing service, meaning it could become a standard module in the software engines by which analytically inclined marketers evaluate ads. At the same time, the ANA's Alliance for Family Entertainment has completed testing the 200 most-watched TV shows using its Gender Equality Measure, with an eye toward providing those ratings to advertisers that want to align their gender-conscious ads with like-minded TV buys. "The reason we're testing both advertising and media is that context matters," said Shelley Zalis, a co-developer of #SeeHer, founder and CEO of the Girls' Lounge and former CEO of research firm OTX. TOP 10 GEM ADS TV Ranking (GEM) of 30-second ads, March 4-10 1 Aveeno Daily Moisturizing Lotion (113) Johnson & Johnson 2 Swiffer (112) Procter & Gamble 3 Brow Stylist Definer (109) L'Oreal Paris Coca-Cola (109) Coca-Cola 5 Amazon Echo Dot (108) Amazon Geico Auto Insurance (108) Geico McDonald's Happy Meal (108) McDonald's 8 Amazon Echo Dot (107) Amazon 9 Egg McMuffin with Canadian Bacon (106) McDonald's Garnier Whole Blends Hair Products (106) Garnier Source: Alliance for Family Entertainment/ABX The Gender Equality Measure scores ads or entertainment on how prominently they depict women, amid a larger industry conversation about gender equality in both ads and the business itself. It might seem unusual for competing copy-testing services to adopt a common methodology like the protocol behind GEM scores, but Ms. Zalis said copy testers tend to measure the same basic things, such as effects on purchase intent or likability, even if they get their scores in different ways or call them different things. "One thing that's very important for us is to measure what matters," Ms. Zalis said. "One of the biggest problems we've had in our industry is that we don't have accountability to measure progress." GEM already has been run on more than 17,000 ads, creating a "robust database," said Stephen Quinn, the former Walmart chief marketing officer who chairs the Alliance for Family Entertainment. While the ANA isn't generally releasing the results publicly, both camps are privately asking for diagnostics to help improve their scores, said Mr. Quinn, who will be meeting with media companies on the subject this week. Since those GEM scores could ultimately find their way into standards or software that govern media buys, the stakes for media are potentially huge. The Alliance for Family Entertainment also has developed GEM "bootcamps" to help advertisers understand and improve their gender-equality scores. Georgia-Pacific, marketer of such brands as Brawny and Quilted Northern, has fared well with GEM but was still the first company to participate in a bootcamp. The top 10 ads by GEM score from the week of March 4 show that there's no set formula. They include an ad from Procter & Gamble's Swiffer showing a little boy cutting the hair of his stuffed animals and sister, and mom cleaning up. Another two are conventional beauty ads from L'Oréal USA for L'Oréal Paris and Garnier. Amazon's Echo Dot fared well with two ads on the list featuring household vignettes with men and women. Coca-Cola made it with an ad featuring mostly male race car drivers plus Danica Patrick, while Geico appeared with arguably one of its least funny ads in years—albeit one with a man and woman getting equal face time. See the top 10 ads here: In this article: Ad Tech Agencies CPG Celebrity Creativity Culture Diversity News Packaged Food Research Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
