Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 2 Reasons Procter & Gamble Co. Is a Better Dividend Stock Than Kimberly Clark Co. Why income investors should prefer P&G over its consumer goods rival today. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Apr 21, 2017 at 6:27PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) has one of the longest-running dividend payments on the market thanks to its 60-year streak of consecutive payout boosts. But the stock has dropped off of many income investors' watchlists after a few years of subpar raises. The consumer goods giant hiked its dividend by less than 1% in 2016, and by just 3% the year before. Compare that to peer Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) and its 5% increases in both time periods. Yet for future dividend growth, P&G looks like the better bet for income investors today. Better payout ratio Both companies saw their payout ratios spike to over 100% of earnings in 2015 as foreign currency swings combined with economic volatility in key markets like Russia, Venezuela, and China to pinch revenue and profits. The earnings slump was made worse by P&G's decision to begin selling off or discontinuing dozens of its brands. A portfolio reboot that management described as the biggest transformation in the company's history left it with 100 fewer brands overall that were responsible for approximately 15% of revenue and 5% of profits. P&G annual dividend raises. Chart by author. Now that the shift is behind it, P&G is in a much stronger position to boost dividends over the coming years. Its payout ratio has plunged back below 50% of earnings, in fact. Sure, some of that decline is a temporary side effect of its portfolio reboot. After all, the $9 billion of extra profit it booked from selling its beauty products won't repeat any time soon. On the other hand, the company's aggressive cost-cutting has made it much easier to turn a profit, as has the fact that P&G removed many of the least-profitable brands in its portfolio. The company's 21% operating margin, compared to Kimberly-Clark's 18%, points to industry-leading dividend gains ahead. Faster growth Kimberly-Clark can cut costs, too, and in fact, the company plans to cleave at least $400 million out of its expense burden this year. And so, investors should focus more on their relative growth prospects for clues as to which company will deliver the bigger earnings gains over the long term. Image source: Getty Images. P&G has lost market share across its product divisions for two consecutive years. Its shaving business owned 70% of the global market for razors and blades just a few years ago, but competition has whittled the Gillette brand down to a 65% share recently. Momentum is finally shifting in its favor, though. P&G booked surprisingly strong sales growth in each of the last two quarters to give management confidence to boost its full-year outlook. The company now sees fiscal 2017 organic sales speeding up to a 2.5% pace from 1% in the prior year. Kimberly-Clark, meanwhile, expects to log the same 2% uptick it saw last year.  Why pick Procter & Gamble P&G believes its slimmer portfolio will grow at a 1% faster organic rate from here on out since it now mainly includes just its strongest brands like Pampers, Bounty, and Crest. Ideally, shareholders would like to see that improved pace come paired with market share gains, which might seem unlikely given its last two years of declines. However, its track record for innovation and imposing positioning in the industry are core reasons P&G has been able to raise its dividend for 60 consecutive years, compared to Kimberly-Clark's 45-year streak. Those advantages haven't been wiped out over the last few disappointing fiscal years. They've just been temporarily offset by a weak global selling environment and an expensive brand-shedding process. As these conditions improve, P&G looks set to return to consistently strong annual dividend increases. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Apr 21, 2017 at 6:27PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.62 down $0.71 (-0.79%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $129.96 down $-1.27 (-0.97%) Read More What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc What Will Happen to Procter & Gamble Co's Shaving Business? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 2 Reasons Procter & Gamble Co. Is a Better Dividend Stock Than Kimberly Clark Co. @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $KMB
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Wasson Enterprise and Innventure Form New Joint Venture to Commercialize Innovative Technologies CHICAGO, April 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Wasson Enterprise (WE), a Chicago-based angel investment group, founded by Gregory D. Wasson, former CEO of Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA), and Innventure, co-founded by Michael Otworth to commercialize innovative technologies, announce the creation of Innventure – a Wasson Enterprise Partnership. The new joint venture offers a unique blend of the two organizations’ collective experience and expertise as they work in partnership with Fortune 50 companies to evaluate, scale, and commercialize disruptive innovative technologies with significant market potential. Its initial partner is Procter & Gamble (P&G). The venture will explore similar relationships with other multinational businesses and institutions with a goal of building new, sustainable businesses and transforming markets. Wasson will serve as the joint venture’s chairman of the board; Otworth will assume its leadership as chief executive officer. „By partnering with each other in this new joint venture,” said Wasson, „our two companies are looking forward to accelerating and increasing opportunities with P&G—as well as with other multinationals—to build companies that transform markets. Our systematic value creation would minimize many of the inherent risks common in most startups. Our team has a demonstrated history of innovative entrepreneurship and expertise built on a mission to create transformational companies that can stand the test of time.” Together, the two organizations offer complementary expertise focused on systematic, repeatable value creation. According to Otworth, „Part of what makes us unique is that we have developed a highly efficient and proven commercialization model in which we can repeatedly create new companies. This allows us to not only create value, but to transform markets through these disruptive technologies.” Otworth, along with John Scott, founder of XL Tech Group (XLTG), created 11 new companies over 20 years, with 10 achieving late-stage funding, including six successful IPOs. „We welcome the formation of Innventure – a Wasson Enterprise Partnership, and the compliment it represents to P&G’s research and innovation efforts,” said Neil Jordan, Vice President of Corporate R&D and P&G Ventures. „Their collective experience positions them well to serve as an important strategic partner to help us scale disruptive technologies and generate shareholder value.” Background Wasson and Otworth bring considerable and varied experience to their new venture. Before founding WE, Wasson capped a 35-year career with Walgreens, one of the nation’s largest pharmacy chains, when he was named CEO in 2009 until his retirement in 2015 as CEO of WBA. With an eye to the limitless possibilities of deploying innovative technologies to transform how people live and to build and maintain a sustainable environment, Wasson Enterprise has focused its investments on early-stage companies in three distinct sectors: clean and efficient energy innovation, innovative customer and shopping solutions, and health tech. Otworth has significant experience in creating new technology companies and seeing them through to their launches, including developing go-to-market strategies for businesses built on technology-enabled medical products. With his experience from XL Tech Group in 1996 and Green Ocean Innovation in 2008, Otworth has specialized in business development based on disruptive technologies with Fortune 50 companies that include P&G, Kraft, Unilever, and Lilly, as well as health organizations that include Mayo Clinic and Vanderbilt Medical Center. He’s been involved in start-ups now worth more than $1 billion in market value. About Wasson Enterprise Wasson Enterprise (WE) (www.wassonenterprise.com) is a family-based investment group founded and led by Gregory D. Wasson, former CEO of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. WE helps entrepreneurs build sustainable businesses and creates value through angel investing and operating businesses. Wasson Enterprise Angel invests in three strategic sectors with the goal of connecting, mentoring, and assisting startups in commercializing dreams into sustainable businesses. Its investment pillars are clean and efficient energy innovation, innovative customer and shopping solutions, and health tech. About Innventure The Innventure team has more than 20 years of experience identifying disruptive technologies and creating successful new companies. Its proven disruptive innovation model successfully identifies emerging technologies and accelerates the path to scale and in-market success. Based on the operating model of its precursor company, XL Tech Group (XLTG), the Innventure team has a long history of identifying breakthrough technology solutions that address unmet needs that have sufficient economic impact to drive and sustain changed customer behaviors. In total, of the 11 new companies created over 20 years, 10 achieved late-stage funding, including six successful IPOs. Its primary technology sourcing partner is P&G, with the first NewCo, Pure Cycle Technologies, a potentially transformative offering in plastics recycling, launched in Q4 2015. www.innventure.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wasson-enterprise-and-innventure-form-new-joint-venture-to-commercialize-innovative-technologies-300443420.html SOURCE Innventure Related Links http://www.innventure.com http://www.wassonenterprise.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsJoint Ventures Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Leju Files Its Annual Report on Form 20-F Next PostNext Automotive Aftermarket Startups Focus on Service Aggregators, eCommerce Platforms and Telematics to Tap Growth Opportunities Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Wasson Enterprise and Innventure Form New Joint Venture to Commercialize Innovative Technologies New joint venture employs a strategic value creation model to repeatedly create new businesses, including those from proprietary P&G technologies CHICAGO, April 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Wasson Enterprise (WE), a Chicago-based angel investment group, founded by Gregory D. Wasson, former CEO of Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA), and Innventure, co-founded by Michael Otworth to commercialize innovative technologies, announce the creation of Innventure – a Wasson Enterprise Partnership. The new joint venture offers a unique blend of the two organizations' collective experience and expertise as they work in partnership with Fortune 50 companies to evaluate, scale, and commercialize disruptive innovative technologies with significant market potential. Its initial partner is Procter & Gamble (P&G). The venture will explore similar relationships with other multinational businesses and institutions with a goal of building new, sustainable businesses and transforming markets. Wasson will serve as the joint venture's chairman of the board; Otworth will assume its leadership as chief executive officer. "By partnering with each other in this new joint venture," said Wasson, "our two companies are looking forward to accelerating and increasing opportunities with P&G—as well as with other multinationals—to build companies that transform markets. Our systematic value creation would minimize many of the inherent risks common in most startups. Our team has a demonstrated history of innovative entrepreneurship and expertise built on a mission to create transformational companies that can stand the test of time." Together, the two organizations offer complementary expertise focused on systematic, repeatable value creation. According to Otworth, "Part of what makes us unique is that we have developed a highly efficient and proven commercialization model in which we can repeatedly create new companies. This allows us to not only create value, but to transform markets through these disruptive technologies." Otworth, along with John Scott, founder of XL Tech Group (XLTG), created 11 new companies over 20 years, with 10 achieving late-stage funding, including six successful IPOs. "We welcome the formation of Innventure – a Wasson Enterprise Partnership, and the compliment it represents to P&G's research and innovation efforts," said Neil Jordan, Vice President of Corporate R&D and P&G Ventures. "Their collective experience positions them well to serve as an important strategic partner to help us scale disruptive technologies and generate shareholder value." Background Wasson and Otworth bring considerable and varied experience to their new venture. Before founding WE, Wasson capped a 35-year career with Walgreens, one of the nation's largest pharmacy chains, when he was named CEO in 2009 until his retirement in 2015 as CEO of WBA. With an eye to the limitless possibilities of deploying innovative technologies to transform how people live and to build and maintain a sustainable environment, Wasson Enterprise has focused its investments on early-stage companies in three distinct sectors: clean and efficient energy innovation, innovative customer and shopping solutions, and health tech. Otworth has significant experience in creating new technology companies and seeing them through to their launches, including developing go-to-market strategies for businesses built on technology-enabled medical products. With his experience from XL Tech Group in 1996 and Green Ocean Innovation in 2008, Otworth has specialized in business development based on disruptive technologies with Fortune 50 companies that include P&G, Kraft, Unilever, and Lilly, as well as health organizations that include Mayo Clinic and Vanderbilt Medical Center. He's been involved in start-ups now worth more than $1 billion in market value. About Wasson Enterprise Wasson Enterprise (WE) (www.wassonenterprise.com) is a family-based investment group founded and led by Gregory D. Wasson, former CEO of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. WE helps entrepreneurs build sustainable businesses and creates value through angel investing and operating businesses. Wasson Enterprise Angel invests in three strategic sectors with the goal of connecting, mentoring, and assisting startups in commercializing dreams into sustainable businesses. Its investment pillars are clean and efficient energy innovation, innovative customer and shopping solutions, and health tech. About Innventure The Innventure team has more than 20 years of experience identifying disruptive technologies and creating successful new companies. Its proven disruptive innovation model successfully identifies emerging technologies and accelerates the path to scale and in-market success. Based on the operating model of its precursor company, XL Tech Group (XLTG), the Innventure team has a long history of identifying breakthrough technology solutions that address unmet needs that have sufficient economic impact to drive and sustain changed customer behaviors. In total, of the 11 new companies created over 20 years, 10 achieved late-stage funding, including six successful IPOs. Its primary technology sourcing partner is P&G, with the first NewCo, Pure Cycle Technologies, a potentially transformative offering in plastics recycling, launched in Q4 2015. www.innventure.com   SOURCE Innventure CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Computer/ Electronics, Joint Ventures Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electronic Toll Collection Market Worth 10.57 Billion USD by 2022 Next PostNext Medical Marijuana, Inc. (MJNA: OTC Pink Current) | Medical Marijuana, Inc. Subsidiary HempMeds&reg; to Sponsor and Exhibit at San Diego EarthFair 2017 Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,548 -30.95 -0.15% Nasdaq 5,911 -6.26 -0.11% S&P 500 2,349 -7.15 -0.30% 1:01 A.M. ET Opinion Pro gaming may soon eclipse sports including basketball and baseball 1:00 A.M. ET Opinion A rich Gary Cohn got even richer by working for Donald Trump 4/21 Updated How to give your child a shot at the American Dream — by a woman who grew up on food stamps 4/21 Updated The Moneyologist: My siblings bounced checks on my mom, so I kept $20,000 after she died 4/21 Google earnings: A new approach arrives amid YouTube ad controversy 4/21 Updated This is what homeowners did with their savings on variable mortgage rates 4/21 This is where the stock market bears will make their last stand 4/21 There are too many bulls to make any money on gold 4/21 A cocktail in a can and a trick for avoiding stress, depression and hangovers 4/21 Updated This could stop Amazon’s stock rally in its tracks 4/21 Opinion Sifting through bias to find the truth 4/21 Updated Treasury yields erase declines after Trump promises tax cut next week 4/21 Sears forecasts $1.25 billion in cost savings in 2017, appoints new CFO 4/21 Fitch cuts Italy's credit rating to BBB from BBB+ 4/21 This trick may help college students avoid stress, depression and hangovers 4/21 This firm is a small, mid, large and megacap company, according to Vanguard 4/21 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar 4/21 Nearly half of young Americans won’t fly United anymore 4/21 Updated Skechers doesn’t impress with first billion-dollar-plus quarter 4/21 This could stop Amazon’s stock rally in its tracks Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Wasson Enterprise and Innventure Form New Joint Venture to Commercialize Innovative Technologies By Published: Apr 21, 2017 9:15 a.m. ET Share New joint venture employs a strategic value creation model to repeatedly create new businesses, including those from proprietary P&G technologies CHICAGO, April 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Wasson Enterprise (WE), a Chicago-based angel investment group, founded by Gregory D. Wasson, former CEO of Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA), and Innventure, co-founded by Michael Otworth to commercialize innovative technologies, announce the creation of Innventure – a Wasson Enterprise Partnership. The new joint venture offers a unique blend of the two organizations' collective experience and expertise as they work in partnership with Fortune 50 companies to evaluate, scale, and commercialize disruptive innovative technologies with significant market potential. Its initial partner is Procter & Gamble (P&G). The venture will explore similar relationships with other multinational businesses and institutions with a goal of building new, sustainable businesses and transforming markets. Wasson will serve as the joint venture's chairman of the board; Otworth will assume its leadership as chief executive officer. "By partnering with each other in this new joint venture," said Wasson, "our two companies are looking forward to accelerating and increasing opportunities with P&G—as well as with other multinationals—to build companies that transform markets. Our systematic value creation would minimize many of the inherent risks common in most startups. Our team has a demonstrated history of innovative entrepreneurship and expertise built on a mission to create transformational companies that can stand the test of time." Together, the two organizations offer complementary expertise focused on systematic, repeatable value creation. According to Otworth, "Part of what makes us unique is that we have developed a highly efficient and proven commercialization model in which we can repeatedly create new companies. This allows us to not only create value, but to transform markets through these disruptive technologies." Otworth, along with John Scott, founder of XL Tech Group (XLTG), created 11 new companies over 20 years, with 10 achieving late-stage funding, including six successful IPOs. "We welcome the formation of Innventure – a Wasson Enterprise Partnership, and the compliment it represents to P&G's research and innovation efforts," said Neil Jordan, Vice President of Corporate R&D and P&G Ventures. "Their collective experience positions them well to serve as an important strategic partner to help us scale disruptive technologies and generate shareholder value." BackgroundWasson and Otworth bring considerable and varied experience to their new venture. Before founding WE, Wasson capped a 35-year career with Walgreens, one of the nation's largest pharmacy chains, when he was named CEO in 2009 until his retirement in 2015 as CEO of WBA. With an eye to the limitless possibilities of deploying innovative technologies to transform how people live and to build and maintain a sustainable environment, Wasson Enterprise has focused its investments on early-stage companies in three distinct sectors: clean and efficient energy innovation, innovative customer and shopping solutions, and health tech. Otworth has significant experience in creating new technology companies and seeing them through to their launches, including developing go-to-market strategies for businesses built on technology-enabled medical products. With his experience from XL Tech Group in 1996 and Green Ocean Innovation in 2008, Otworth has specialized in business development based on disruptive technologies with Fortune 50 companies that include P&G, Kraft, Unilever, and Lilly, as well as health organizations that include Mayo Clinic and Vanderbilt Medical Center. He's been involved in start-ups now worth more than $1 billion in market value. About Wasson EnterpriseWasson Enterprise (WE) (www.wassonenterprise.com) is a family-based investment group founded and led by Gregory D. Wasson, former CEO of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. WE helps entrepreneurs build sustainable businesses and creates value through angel investing and operating businesses. Wasson Enterprise Angel invests in three strategic sectors with the goal of connecting, mentoring, and assisting startups in commercializing dreams into sustainable businesses. Its investment pillars are clean and efficient energy innovation, innovative customer and shopping solutions, and health tech. About InnventureThe Innventure team has more than 20 years of experience identifying disruptive technologies and creating successful new companies. Its proven disruptive innovation model successfully identifies emerging technologies and accelerates the path to scale and in-market success. Based on the operating model of its precursor company, XL Tech Group (XLTG), the Innventure team has a long history of identifying breakthrough technology solutions that address unmet needs that have sufficient economic impact to drive and sustain changed customer behaviors. In total, of the 11 new companies created over 20 years, 10 achieved late-stage funding, including six successful IPOs. Its primary technology sourcing partner is P&G, with the first NewCo, Pure Cycle Technologies, a potentially transformative offering in plastics recycling, launched in Q4 2015. www.innventure.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wasson-enterprise-and-innventure-form-new-joint-venture-to-commercialize-innovative-technologies-300443420.html SOURCE Innventure Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular iHeartRadio parent warns it may not survive another year This could stop Amazon’s stock rally in its tracks Legendary technical investor Robert Prechter is awaiting a depression-like shock in the U.S. Pro gaming may soon eclipse sports including basketball and baseball This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends We’re still in the wake of calendar 2017’s first earnings season. So it wasn’t surprising to see a raft of dividend raises last week, especially considering that this year has already been stuffed with lifts from every conceivable type of company. Here are three notables out of last week’s crop. Image source: Getty Images. Qualcomm Following through on an earlier commitment, Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) has formally declared a new payout of $0.57 per share, an amount nearly 8% higher than its predecessor. Qualcomm’s most recently reported quarterly results show that its business is still robust, despite several tough legal battles  and a looming acquisition. The company’s revenue continued to rise, increasing by almost 4% on a year-over-year basis to $6.0 billion. Adjusted earnings zoomed ahead by 23%, landing at $1.8 billion. That, by the way, shakes out in a very healthy net margin of 30%. Income investors might be wary of Qualcomm, as the company loves to spend its money — at times, its dividend payouts and share buybacks have exceeded free cash flow. Compounding that matter, the company should soon close the door on its acquisition of European peer NXP Semiconductor (NYSE: NXP) , a deal with an estimated enterprise value of $47 billion. I, for one, wouldn’t worry. First, Qualcomm committed to its dividend just after signing the NXP Semiconductor deal. Second, those consistently high margins pump out a lot of cash, with operating cash flow in certain years approaching the $9 billion level. The new dividend will cost the company only about one-third that amount. QCOM Free Cash Flow (Annual) data by YCharts Qualcomm’s upcoming payout is to be dispensed on June 21 to stockholders of record as of May 31. At the most recent closing share price, it would yield 4.3% — more than double the almost 2% average of dividend-paying stocks on the S&P 500. Procter & Gamble The dividend aristocrats — the small, vaunted group of stocks that have raised their payouts at least once annually for a minimum of 25 years running — don’t get much more regal than Procter & Gamble (NYSE: PG) . The consumer-goods powerhouse has one of the longest raise streaks on the market, and it just lengthened it by another year. Its 61st consecutive annual lift is a 3% bump to just under $0.69 per share. PG Dividend data by YCharts Today’s Procter & Gamble is a leaner and more focused company thanks to cost-cutting and a years-long run of asset sales. These have kept profitability afloat despite uninspiring top-line growth. Yet the company still has an immense portfolio, so it can compensate for weakness in certain product categories with strength in others. The healthcare segment was the star of the most recently reported quarter, delivering 5% year-over-year net sales growth against the 1% drops of each of Procter & Gamble’s other four product categories. So although free cash flow has dipped lately, to below $10 billion on a trailing-12-month basis, the company should continue to have more than enough dosh to keep that dividend raise streak alive. Plus, it’s committed to returning nearly $20 billion to shareholders annually through 2019. I wouldn’t worry about the future of this dividend, then. Procter & Gamble’s new distribution will be paid on May 15 to investors of record as of April 21. It yields a theoretical 3.1%. Hospitality Properties Trust Specialty real estate investment trust Hospitality Properties Trust (NASDAQ: HPT) is adding a penny to its quarterly payout, lifting it to $0.52 per share. That works out to a 2% raise. As its name implies, Hospitality Properties Trust specializes in hotels and other traveler lodgings. At the end of last year, it owned or leased over 500 such facilities in the U.S. and Canada. Business is humming along these days for the REIT. Last month it reported its Q4 and fiscal 2016 results, both of which showed improvements in revenue and profitability. On the top line, the company took in nearly $2.05 billion, 7% higher than the 2015 result. Adjusted funds from operations (FFO) — the most significant profitability metric for REITs — jumped by 11% to over $561 million. What helps is that its properties are squeezing out more profit. Revenue per available room saw a modest, but encouraging, 4% increase over the year. On a per-share basis, that adjusted FFO result works out to $3.60, which is well above what Hospitality Properties Trust doles out in its dividend — which, in calendar 2016, annualized to $2.03. The company has been on the market for more than 20 years, and in spite of some dips it’s generally managed to improve its FFO over that time. I’d feel pretty safe with this payout. HPT Funds from Operations (TTM) data by YCharts Hospitality Properties trust will distribute its next dividend „on or about May 18,” to shareholders of record as of April 21. The new payout would yield 6.5% on the REIT’s latest closing stock price. 10 stocks we like better than Qualcomm When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Qualcomm wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 Eric Volkman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Linagliptin / Metformin Sales, Price Analysis, & Sales Forecast – 2017 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Noteworthy Thursday Option Activity: NRZ, ILMN, ABBV Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Robotics Market Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 4G LTE Industry Analysis and Global 2027 Future Outlook Mattis, Israeli Prime Minister Discuss Security Issues Mattis Praises America’s Security Partnership With Israel Leader in the Field of Swallowing Disorders Reflects on Her Groundbreaking Career Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends A high-profile chipmaker, an aristocratic consumer-goods purveyor, and a specialty REIT all lifted their payouts last week. Eric Volkman (TMFVolkman) Apr 20, 2017 at 8:10PM We're still in the wake of calendar 2017's first earnings season. So it wasn't surprising to see a raft of dividend raises last week, especially considering that this year has already been stuffed with lifts from every conceivable type of company. Here are three notables out of last week's crop. Image source: Getty Images. Qualcomm Following through on an earlier commitment, Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) has formally declared a new payout of $0.57 per share, an amount nearly 8% higher than its predecessor. Qualcomm's most recently reported quarterly results show that its business is still robust, despite several tough legal battles and a looming acquisition. The company's revenue continued to rise, increasing by almost 4% on a year-over-year basis to $6.0 billion. Adjusted earnings zoomed ahead by 23%, landing at $1.8 billion. That, by the way, shakes out in a very healthy net margin of 30%. Income investors might be wary of Qualcomm, as the company loves to spend its money -- at times, its dividend payouts and share buybacks have exceeded free cash flow. Compounding that matter, the company should soon close the door on its acquisition of European peer NXP Semiconductor (NYSE:NXP), a deal with an estimated enterprise value of $47 billion. I, for one, wouldn't worry. First, Qualcomm committed to its dividend just after signing the NXP Semiconductor deal. Second, those consistently high margins pump out a lot of cash, with operating cash flow in certain years approaching the $9 billion level. The new dividend will cost the company only about one-third that amount. QCOM Free Cash Flow (Annual) data by YCharts Qualcomm's upcoming payout is to be dispensed on June 21 to stockholders of record as of May 31. At the most recent closing share price, it would yield 4.3% -- more than double the almost 2% average of dividend-paying stocks on the S&P 500. Procter & Gamble The dividend aristocrats -- the small, vaunted group of stocks that have raised their payouts at least once annually for a minimum of 25 years running -- don't get much more regal than Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). The consumer-goods powerhouse has one of the longest raise streaks on the market, and it just lengthened it by another year. Its 61st consecutive annual lift is a 3% bump to just under $0.69 per share. PG Dividend data by YCharts Today's Procter & Gamble is a leaner and more focused company thanks to cost-cutting and a years-long run of asset sales. These have kept profitability afloat despite uninspiring top-line growth.  Yet the company still has an immense portfolio, so it can compensate for weakness in certain product categories with strength in others. The healthcare segment was the star of the most recently reported quarter, delivering 5% year-over-year net sales growth against the 1% drops of each of Procter & Gamble's other four product categories. So although free cash flow has dipped lately, to below $10 billion on a trailing-12-month basis, the company should continue to have more than enough dosh to keep that dividend raise streak alive. Plus, it's committed to returning nearly $20 billion to shareholders annually through 2019. I wouldn't worry about the future of this dividend, then.  Procter & Gamble's new distribution will be paid on May 15 to investors of record as of April 21. It yields a theoretical 3.1%. Hospitality Properties Trust  Specialty real estate investment trust Hospitality Properties Trust (NASDAQ:HPT) is adding a penny to its quarterly payout, lifting it to $0.52 per share. That works out to a 2% raise. As its name implies, Hospitality Properties Trust specializes in hotels and other traveler lodgings. At the end of last year, it owned or leased over 500 such facilities in the U.S. and Canada. Business is humming along these days for the REIT. Last month it reported its Q4 and fiscal 2016 results, both of which showed improvements in revenue and profitability. On the top line, the company took in nearly $2.05 billion, 7% higher than the 2015 result. Adjusted funds from operations (FFO) -- the most significant profitability metric for REITs -- jumped by 11% to over $561 million. What helps is that its properties are squeezing out more profit. Revenue per available room saw a modest, but encouraging, 4% increase over the year. On a per-share basis, that adjusted FFO result works out to $3.60, which is well above what Hospitality Properties Trust doles out in its dividend -- which, in calendar 2016, annualized to $2.03. The company has been on the market for more than 20 years, and in spite of some dips it's generally managed to improve its FFO over that time. I'd feel pretty safe with this payout. HPT Funds from Operations (TTM) data by YCharts Hospitality Properties trust will distribute its next dividend "on or about May 18," to shareholders of record as of April 21. The new payout would yield 6.5% on the REIT's latest closing stock price. Eric Volkman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Eric Volkman (TMFVolkman) Eric has been writing about stocks and finance since the mid-1990s, when he lived in Prague, Czech Republic. Over the course of a varied career, he has also been a radio newscaster, an investment banker, and a bass player in a selection of rock and roll bands. A native New Yorker, he currently lives in Los Angeles. Article Info Apr 20, 2017 at 8:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.62 down $0.71 (-0.79%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $52.50 down $0.16 (-0.30%) Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio NYSE:NXP $14.26 up $0.03 (0.21%) Hospitality Properties Trust NASDAQ:HPT $32.00 down $0.24 (-0.74%) Read More 4 Tech Stocks to Buy with Dividends Yielding More than 3% 3 Reasons Apple Is a Better Dividend Stock Than Qualcomm Here's Why Intel Corporation Is Putting in More Modem Capacity Did Qualcomm Inc. Kneecap Samsung's Exynos SoCs? Better Buy: NVIDIA vs. Qualcomm Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $QCOM, $NXP, $HPT
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tide purclean encourages energy-saving laundry habits through its Sustainable Laundry Pledge and donates $250,000 to World Wildlife Fund for Earth Day CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Leading up to Earth Day, Tide purclean, World Wildlife Fund and actress Kristen Bell launched a joint effort to convert as many households possible to energy-saving laundry habits by asking consumers to take the Sustainable Laundry Pledge using #CleanPledge. Now, in celebration of the thousands of pledges received to-date, Tide purclean is making the full donation of $250,000 in support of WWF’s global conservation efforts. “This collaboration with Tide purclean is an opportunity to raise awareness that making small changes to something as simple as a load of laundry can make a difference and have impact on our world,” said Sheila Bonini, senior vice president, private sector engagement, World Wildlife Fund. “This donation helps WWF further our ongoing conservation efforts across the globe and represents an incredible effort by the public to adopt more sustainable household practices.” The Sustainable Laundry Pledge tasks consumers with making three small changes to their everyday laundry routine in order to make a big impact for the planet. These include: 1. Wash with cold water     Switching to cold water for one year can save enough energy to: Drive more than 300 miles Charge your phone for a lifetime Power your TV for 4 months 2. Use a High Efficiency washer     Compared to traditional washers, HE machines: Deliver up to 65% energy savings Use 3x less water 3. Take care of clothes to keep them longer     When the average life of clothing is extended by three months, you can: Help reduce the 21 billion pounds of textile waste going into landfills each year1 Reduce your carbon and water footprint by up to 10%2 To take the pledge, consumers are asked to visit Tide.com/CleanPledge or tweet using #CleanPledge. “It’s all about taking small steps that add up to big change,” said Kristen Bell. “As a mom, I need clean clothes for my kids, but I also care deeply about the world I’m leaving behind for them. Tide purclean is 65% plant-based and has the cleaning power of regular Tide so I can get the clean I need, while also making less of an environmental impact.” In addition to being 65% plant-based, Tide purclean is also produced at a facility that uses 100% renewable wind power electricity and is a zero manufacturing waste to landfill site. “We at P&G and Tide are committed to finding new ways to create innovative and sustainable products that people love, without trade-offs in price or performance,” said Amy Krehbiel, associate brand director, Procter & Gamble. “Tide purclean is one of the latest steps in our journey to help consumers make sustainable detergent choices from the brands they trust most. After all, a more sustainable detergent will only have impact if people use it!” About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. About WWF WWF is one of the world’s leading conservation organizations, working in 100 countries for over half a century. With the support of almost 5 million members worldwide, WWF is dedicated to delivering science-based solutions to preserve the diversity and abundance of life on Earth, halt the degradation of the environment and combat climate change. Visit www.worldwildlife.org to learn more and follow our news conversations on Twitter @WWFNews. ____________________________________ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Food Lion Celebrates Sustainability Progress in Advance of Earth Day, Continues Commitment to Sustainable Retailing Next PostNext Sodium Bromate Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
04222017Headline: Quartz Filters Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor 18 hours ago Proximity Transducers Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor 18 hours ago Print Label Sensors Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor 18 hours ago Presence Detectors Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor 18 hours ago Optical Magnifiers Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor 18 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Advance Color Cosmetics Products Market – Global Industry Analysis, Demands, opportunities Trends, and Fastest Market Growth From 2017 – 2022 – by Acute Market Reports Advance Color Cosmetics Products Market – Global Industry Analysis, Demands, opportunities Trends, and Fastest Market Growth From 2017 – 2022 – by Acute Market Reports April 21, 2017 | by Jayvir | This report studies Color Cosmetics Products in China market, focuses on the top players in China market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Loral P&G Unilever Este Lauder L’Occitane Shiseido Avon LV Channel Amore Pacific Jahwa Beiersdorf Johnson & Johnson Jiala INOHERB Sisley Revlon Jane iredale Henkel Coty Market Segment by Regions (provinces), covering South China East China Southwest China Northeast China North China Central China Northwest China Split by product Type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Nail products Lip products Eye Make-up Facial Make-up Hair Color Products Special Effects Products Others Split by Application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Color Cosmetics Products in each application, can be divided into Beauty Skin Care   Browse Complete Report  –  http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/china-color-cosmetics-products-market-research-report-2017   View all reports of this category @ – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/personal-care-market   1 Color Cosmetics Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Color Cosmetics Products 1.2 Color Cosmetics Products Segment by Type 1.2.1 China Production Market Share of Color Cosmetics Products Type in 2015 1.2.2 Nail products 1.2.3 Lip products 1.2.4 Eye Make-up 1.2.5 Facial Make-up 1.2.6 Hair Color Products 1.2.7 Special Effects Products 1.2.8 Others 1.3 Applications of Color Cosmetics Products 1.3.1 Color Cosmetics Products Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Beauty 1.3.3 Skin Care 1.4 China Market Size (Value) of Color Cosmetics Products (2011-2021) 1.5 China Color Cosmetics Products Status and Outlook 1.6 Government Policies 2 China Color Cosmetics Products Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 China Color Cosmetics Products Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 China Color Cosmetics Products Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 China Color Cosmetics Products Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Color Cosmetics Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Type 2.5 Color Cosmetics Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Color Cosmetics Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Color Cosmetics Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers   latest Market Demand and Industry Development Reports for 2017  – http://bizpr.us/event/latest-anti-infective-vaccines-sales-market-report-industry-growth-trends-competitive-strategies-regional-outlook-acute-market-reports/ http://www.culrav.org/pr/2017-trends-anti-cancer-injectable-sales-market-by-2021-industry-analysis-growth-drivers-challenges-forecast-vendors-analysis-by-acute-market-reports.php http://planet.infowars.com/business/2017-trends-anti-cancer-injectable-sales-market-by-2021-industry-analysis-growth-drivers-challenges-forecast-vendors-analysis-by-acute-market-reports http://thrasherbacker.com/antenna-interface-standards-group-aisg-connectors-sales-industry-global-market-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2017-2022-by-acute-market-reports/0153958/ http://www.fpt2013.org/global-analysis-2-methylimidazole-cas-693-98-1-sales-market-industry-size-share-trends-market-growth-and-forecast-2017-2022-acute-market-reports/   http://www.heraldcurrent.com/news/global-analysis-2-methylimidazole-cas-693-98-1-sales-market-industry-size-share-trends-market-growth-and-forecast-2017-2022-acute-market-reports/   About –  Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the worlds most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online.   Contact Us : Name : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Designation : Global Sales Manager Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 Email :  sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com   Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Quartz Filters Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor Proximity Transducers Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor Print Label Sensors Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor Presence Detectors Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Quartz Filters Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor Proximity Transducers Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor Print Label Sensors Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor Presence Detectors Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor Optical Magnifiers Market Share, Size, Growth, Strategies and Outlook To 2022: Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Apr 22, 2017-Saturday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities mcd elections opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Worried about water bodies frothing up like Bellandur Lake? Check your detergent bengaluru Updated: Apr 21, 2017 11:04 IST Malavika Vyawahare Hindustan Times, New Delhi The foaming Bellandur lake has alarmed residents and environmentalists alike. (Kashif Masood / HT Photo) The frothing of a lake is not to be taken lightly. Realising this, the National Green Tribunal on Wednesday shut down all industries around Bellandur Lake and imposed a fine of Rs 5 lakh on anybody found dumping waste in or around the water body. This, however, was not some one-off freak show. Both Bellandur Lake and Varthur Lake, located in the outskirts of Bengaluru, have burst into froth on several occasions in the past decade. Industrial pollution is only a part of the problem. Undertreated sewage, all 500 million litres of it, flows into Bellandur Lake very day. And that brings us to one of the main reasons behind the lake frothing – detergents. India continues to use phosphate-infused detergents, although they have been banned in many other countries due to their polluting nature. While the government regulates the phosphate content in these consumer products (some would say poorly), it has shied away from completely banning it. TV Ramachandra, a professor at the Indian Institute of Science-Bangalore, says the problem can be tackled through public awareness and the imposition of a ban on certain kinds of detergents. The professor, who was part of an expert committee set up by the state government to look into frothing of lakes, said the ubiquity of washing machines in urban India and indiscriminate use of detergent by households have come together to turn Bellandur Lake into a foamy disaster. Incidentally, around 40% of 1,800 households surveyed in eastern Bengaluru (where the water body is located) were found to be using at least five kg of detergent in a month. Many of the popular detergents used in India contain high levels of phosphate, Ramachandra said, adding that “while some firms do make phosphate-free detergent, it is usually exported”. The detergent market in India is worth an estimated Rs 20,000 crore, and growing. The three major players in this arena are Hindustan Unilever (HUL), Procter & Gamble (P&G) and the RSPL Group – a domestic manufacturer that produces Ghari detergent. HUL, which owns Surf Excel, Rin and Wheel with a market share of nearly 40%, could not be contacted. P&G, the multinational behind Tide, had stopped selling phosphate-infused detergents in the US after an outcry over the degradation of water bodies in the early 1990s. Since 2015, the company has been doing the same in India too. To produce lather from hard water is – well – hard. Phosphates are used to soften hard water, enhancing the cleaning ability of the detergent. It was the availability of alternatives such as Zeolite, which manages to be environment-friendly without compromising on cleaning capacity, that allowed P&G to do away with phosphates altogether. Consumer Voice, a consumer action group, tested 14 popular brands dominating the Indian market in 2015. It found that detergents like Henko Matic, Henko Stain Champion, Super Nirma Blue and Uni Wash contain phosphate in the range of 3.2-5.4%, making them the least eco-friendly products of the lot. While Ariel Matic was adjudged to be almost phosphate-free, the other nine brands contained limited quantities of the compound. The numbers may vary, but it is clear that almost none of the detergents sold in India are devoid of phosphate. Not a single detergent brand displays the Ecomark label, which certifies a product as environment-friendly. While phosphorus serves as a nutrient for plants, too much of it can choke up water bodies through algal blooms. In the absence of sunlight, the algae start consuming dissolved oxygen in the water. When they die, the decomposition process uses up oxygen too. In extreme cases, this leads to the formation of dead zones where marine organisms cannot survive. There is another reason why using phosphate-free detergents may be a good idea. Phosphate, the mineral form of phosphorus, is a crucial resource that’s found only in limited quantities across the world. While the chemical is largely used in fertilisers, it can be substituted with other eco-friendly compounds in detergents. India, incidentally, is the largest importer of phosphorus compounds in the world. Former environment minister Prakash Javadekar had made some noises about making detergents phosphate-free in 2015, but nothing happened in the years that followed. tags Phosphate Detergent Bellandur Lake Bengaluru National Green Tribunal more from bengaluru Lawyers, activists seek Karnataka chief justice’s transfer over corruption charges Mar 31, 2017 23:38 IST SM Krishna to kick-start BJP career with campaign for bypolls in Karnataka Mar 25, 2017 01:01 IST Not a Drop to Waste- A Water Day Infographic Partnered Feature Recommended for you Read more Bengaluru’s ‘burning’ lake: NGT orders industries to be shut, imposes Rs 5 lakh fine Froth and fire: Bengaluru’s toxic lakes have been a decade in making India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar to discuss SYL issue with Modi today Apr 22, 2017 08:18 IST The curious case of a mysterious ‘starvation’ death in Uttarakhand Apr 22, 2017 07:44 IST Let’s Talk About Trolls | Women are molested virtually on a daily basis: Rana A... Apr 22, 2017 07:34 IST From Taliban attack to IPL 2017, top stories to bring you up to date Apr 22, 2017 07:24 IST NCERT to review school textbooks to update content; may include demonetisation Apr 22, 2017 07:57 IST Saharanpur violence: FIRs registered after clashes between two communities in UP Apr 22, 2017 01:52 IST Giant metal cross removed during demolition drive in Kerala’s Munnar, CM fumes Apr 22, 2017 00:53 IST Trump promises tax plan in days, orders rule review Apr 22, 2017 08:39 IST Venezuela: At least 12 people killed as protests turn violent, looting breaks o... Apr 22, 2017 01:16 IST Around 500 Baloch rebel militants surrender, pledge allegiance to Pakistan Apr 21, 2017 23:59 IST US forces kill IS leader Baghdadi’s aide linked to Turkey nightclub attack Apr 21, 2017 23:44 IST Paris Champs-Elysees shooter: An unstable criminal who ‘hated police’ Apr 21, 2017 22:46 IST 20 children killed as minibus hits truck in South Africa Apr 21, 2017 22:34 IST Obama returns to public life next week. Will he take on Trump? Apr 21, 2017 22:22 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Mumbai watchman tries to rape 50-year-old woman, stabs her twice at posh society building Apr 22, 2017 08:20 IST Nine-year-old girl from Mumbai electrocuted while plucking fruits, survives Apr 22, 2017 01:39 IST Delhi auto killers: ‘Cars whizzed by, no one stopped to help’ Apr 22, 2017 00:06 IST Power demand spikes to 5685 MW as Delhi feels the heat Apr 22, 2017 00:03 IST No events after 4pm, Ramjas students told Apr 22, 2017 00:01 IST Pollution body sends shutdown notices to 350 budget hotels in Delhi over violat... Apr 21, 2017 23:59 IST MCD polls: 15 candidates in debt, say see our work, not our money Apr 21, 2017 23:55 IST Delhi: St Stephen’s to go ahead with autonomy, top body gives nod Apr 22, 2017 00:06 IST Blame yourself if BJP comes back to power in MCDs, vector-borne diseases continue:... Apr 21, 2017 23:45 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors DMK patriarch Karunanidhi could have helped explain the AIADMK drama Apr 21, 2017 18:26 IST The writing on the wall in J-K reads governor’s rule, writes Barkha Dutt | Opin... Apr 21, 2017 22:07 IST Fear and loathing in new India: Dadri, Alwar lynchings leave us unmoved Apr 21, 2017 14:09 IST Here’s how India can unlock J-K’s demographic dividend Apr 21, 2017 13:38 IST Don’t push the US too far on H-1B visas Apr 21, 2017 22:09 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Aizawl FC’s Amna keeps mind off war-torn home in Aleppo, Syria, through football Apr 22, 2017 08:23 IST BCCI office-bearers overriding administrative panel in ICC revenue battle Apr 22, 2017 01:33 IST Novak Djokovic’s poor run continues, crashes out of Monte Carlo Masters Apr 22, 2017 01:30 IST As Mizoram awaits Aizawl FC’s big I-League day, feast for local team’s win Apr 21, 2017 23:02 IST Shahid Afridi thanks Virat Kohli-led Indian cricket team for farewell gift Apr 22, 2017 00:55 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Sunil Grover is making a rival show to Kapil’s. Here’s everything we know about it Apr 22, 2017 08:13 IST See Jackie Shroff, Imtiaz Ali, Kalki like you’ve never seen them before Apr 21, 2017 23:39 IST Unlike theatrical release, I am okay with cuts for TV screening: Abhishek Chaub... Apr 21, 2017 23:07 IST Hindi Medium: Will Hoor be the biggest hit of Atif Aslam’s career? Apr 21, 2017 20:21 IST Salman Khan to appear in Rajasthan court on July 6 in Arms Act case Apr 21, 2017 20:05 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch India only began to be accurately mapped in the 1850s Apr 22, 2017 07:28 IST Remembering OP Nayyar, the fusion king of Bollywood Apr 22, 2017 07:32 IST Delhi-based group to stage theatrical tribute to melody-man OP Nayyar Apr 21, 2017 23:42 IST The Stables: A new place that feels comfy and familiar Apr 21, 2017 22:56 IST Use this app to create music with a very Mumbai sound #WeekendFix Apr 22, 2017 07:32 IST ‘Debilitating’: Indian techies, IT firms fret as Trump orders H-1B visa review Apr 21, 2017 22:34 IST Vodafone to sell 9% additional stake to Aditya Birla Group after merger Apr 21, 2017 20:31 IST IBM partners IIITM-Kerala for water quality measurement system Apr 21, 2017 20:12 IST Indians send home $62.7 billion in 2016, highest globally: World Bank Apr 21, 2017 20:03 IST Diamond miners have India in sight with Real is Rare slogan Apr 21, 2017 19:45 IST Jet Airways flight to Toronto suffers tail strike Apr 21, 2017 18:52 IST ACC Jan-Mar net falls 9%, revenue up on higher cement sales Apr 21, 2017 17:13 IST Apple is going green: 10th anniversary iPhone 8 may come with recycled metal Apr 21, 2017 16:01 IST Samsung Galaxy S8 more expensive to manufacture than iPhone 7, Google Pixel Apr 21, 2017 15:01 IST LG G6 pre-bookings open now ahead of Monday launch, to be priced around Rs 53,0... Apr 21, 2017 14:25 IST Apple falls 70% short of its iPhone sales target in India: BofA report Apr 21, 2017 13:42 IST White House messaging app Confide not secure, says lawsuit Apr 21, 2017 11:31 IST WhatsApp admins beware: Offensive posts can land you in jail Apr 21, 2017 13:52 IST Mastercard is coming up with credit cards that have fingerprint scanners Apr 20, 2017 19:17 IST NCERT to review school textbooks to update content; may include demonetisation Apr 22, 2017 07:57 IST IIT Kharagpur student commits suicide . Apr 21, 2017 22:46 IST CGBSE Class 10 board results 2017: Girls outshine boys, Chetan Agrawal is the t... Apr 21, 2017 19:50 IST 3D printing: A new catalyst for learning . Apr 21, 2017 19:40 IST Environment warriors: IIT Delhi students organising hackathon on climate change... Apr 21, 2017 16:26 IST At Ferozshah Kotla, where the Djinns reign Apr 21, 2017 17:24 IST 2 lakh newborn Olive Ridley turtles swarm beaches in Odisha Apr 20, 2017 13:02 IST Reaching for the stars at Nehru Planetarium Apr 19, 2017 17:20 IST In pictures | Aiming for the army Apr 18, 2017 21:29 IST Being almost famous on World Monuments day Apr 18, 2017 15:19 IST Four-year-old child prodigy with an elephant’s memory Apr 21, 2017 17:34 IST Protest in Puducherry University over BJP MP Tarun Vijay’s visit Apr 21, 2017 16:23 IST The e-rickshaw driver and his politician wife Apr 21, 2017 12:59 IST Retired Major General cycled across 29 states to honour 21000 martyrs Apr 20, 2017 17:58 IST Caught on cam: BJP MLA slaps toll employee for not letting his vehicle pass Apr 20, 2017 15:07 IST ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search IAB Chief 'Can't Deal With This Shit,' Demands Members Join TAG By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Samsung, Wingstop, T-Mobile and More 5 hours ago Array 0 Unpacking United's Fail: Turning Adversity into Opportunity By Oz Woloshyn - 5 hours ago Array 0 A Dog Brings Out the Best in George Washington in Pedigree's Moving Film By Ann-Christine Diaz - 7 hours ago Array 0 The Brutal, Scary Lessons of Yahoo's Demise By Simon Dumenco - 7 hours ago Array 0 A Dog Brings Out the Best in George Washington in Pedigree's Moving Film By Ann-Christine Diaz - 7 hours ago 0 The Brutal, Scary Lessons of Yahoo's Demise By Simon Dumenco - 7 hours ago 0 KFC Plans to Launch Sandwich -- Into Orbit -- With New Colonel By Jessica Wohl - 10 hours ago 0 Why Sports Will Play a Greater Role in Fox's Upfront Pitch By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 IAB Chief 'Can't Deal With This Shit,' Demands Members Join TAG By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago 0 Unilever Turns Tables on Influencers With 'New' Hair Care Brand By Jack Neff - 2 days ago 0 Ad Industry Powers Consider Adopting Ad Blocking on a Wide Scale By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Matt Damon (Of Course) Gets Dragged Off a United Flight in This Jimmy Kimmel Ad Spoof By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Is This AI or BS? Artificial Intelligence Is All the Rage, but Sometimes It's Just Hype By Kate Kaye - 2 days ago 0 Boost Mobile and 180LA Win Campaign of the Year in Ad Age's First Creativity Awards - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IAB Chief 'Can't Deal With This Shit,' Demands Members Join TAG By Kate Kaye. Published on April 21, 2017. Randall Rothenberg. Credit: Courtesy IAB Most Popular The digital ad business has made another move to regain the high ground, when the Interactive Advertising Bureau ordered all of its members to register with the anti-fraud Trustworthy Accountability Group. TAG was conceived in 2015 by the American Association of Advertising Agencies, the Association of National Advertisers and the Interactive Advertising Bureau to act as a stamp of approval for ad sellers. While about 100 of the 450 publishers, ad tech firms and ad exchanges in the IAB have already registered with TAG, industry fears about ad fraud continue to plague the business. "We can't deal with this shit anymore," IAB President-CEO Randall Rothenberg told Ad Age. "This is serious." Related Stories Ad Industry Powers Consider Adopting Ad Blocking on a Wide Scale World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? The IAB's new requirement comes as a litany of problems has hurt digital media in the eyes of ad buyers and consumers alike. In January, P&G Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard revealed that he was so startled by the company's digital ad fraud audit that he would stop working with companies that didn't register with TAG. "The days of giving digital a pass are over," Mr. Pritchard said then. In March, marketers "paused" YouTube spending after reporters informed them that their ads were running next to violent and offensive videos. And JPMorgan Chase cut its digital advertising to 5,000 newly preapproved sites from 400,000 automatically selected domains after learning that one of its ads ran on a site called Hillary 4 Prison, under a headline about "the Satanic liberal perverts who run Hollywood." On Thursday, however, the industry revealed an initiative to rid the internet of annoying ad formats. Now the TAG program has received a big push. Rothenberg likened the IAB's TAG registration requirement to basic government health standards. "Every hot dog cart, no matter how small, has to follow the city's health code," he said. Registering the entire IAB membership with TAG will make it easier for ad buyers, agencies and others "to look up and down the supply chain" and determine the source of problems like fraud, Rotherberg said. The registration process determines that a company is a legitimate player and not a fraudulent entity such as a malware distributor or bot net disseminator. In addition to ensuring that applicants are not the proverbial ad-bot launcher living in mom's basement somewhere in Romania, TAG requires that registrants have a trained "TAG compliance officer." The IAB gave members until June 2018 to register with TAG. The IAB is not demanding that its members be certified by TAG, a pricier and more-involved process. Ad inventory sellers who qualify for TAG's anti-fraud certification are assigned a payment ID that marks inventory, essentially creating a trail that can be tracked back if ad fraud is discovered by an ad fraud protection vendor, for example. Many sellers also use ad fraud prevention and brand safety-related services from firms such as White Ops, DoubleVerify, Integral Ad Science or Moat, which was acquired this week by Oracle. TAG acts as a "good housekeeping seal" and does not compete with these providers, said TAG CEO Mike Zaneis. "The more companies that commit to fighting fraud and improving transparency in the digital media ecosystem, the better the system works for all parties," said Matt McLaughlin, chief operating officer at DoubleVerify. While the TAG requirement will help create a more encompassing list of qualified companies touching ad inventory, Rothenberg wants brands to join TAG too, because their websites are also touchpoints in the inventory supply chain and can themselves become unwitting cogs in fraud schemes. As part of the IAB's edict, the annual TAG registration fee of $10,000 will be waived for small businesses making less than $10 million per year in digital ad revenue. Larger IAB members will qualify for discounts between 12.5% and 25%. In this article: Ad Blocking Ad Tech CPG Digital Privacy and Regulation Regulation Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
SAT, APR 22, 2017 | 5 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search Opinion Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 3 hours ago CPR: Soccer player makes life-saving play on Hamilton field Dramatic rescue shows the importance of a program bringing CPR and... Latest News SEE MORE Eastgate LRT extension could be pricey Two Hamiltonians charged after carjacking attempt in Burlington Cooper the lost labradoodle has been found after WestJet mixup Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 3 hours ago Women in leadership discussion to highlight four key players Local panellists offer their experiences and advice to others. Latest Business News SEE MORE Harbour traffic, April 9 to 15 Germany: Suspect bet against Dortmund then bombed its bus If Stelco deal OK'd, city gets $9.5M in back taxes LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Bruins extend series with double OT win Bruins beat Senators 3-2 in double overtime, force a Game 6 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Alonso, Plouffe homer to keep A's rolling past Mariners 3-1 Harper, Nats win 5th in row, top Familia, Mets 4-3 in 11 Baseball Capsules Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Kimberly Wyatt's daughter wants a sister Kimberly Wyatt isn't telling anyone the gender of her unborn baby, but her... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Restaurant review: Manna from Westdale, Korean style Regina Haggo: Motherhood was her theme, not her destiny CanLit sweetly satirized Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines Apr 18, 2017 The Spectator’s View: Do we want that billion bucks or not? “But to reject $1 billion? I don’t think anybody is that foolhardy.” Care... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 11 hours ago Morgan Elliott’s Reunion of Giants earns Canadian Screen Award nomination The last two functional Lancaster bombers in the world reunited in the... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE WEALTH MATTERS: An Investment in You ‘Pinball’ Clemons guest speaker at Rygiel Supports for Community Living’s 50th anniversary gala Volunteer Hamilton hands out Community Builder Awards Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 3 hours ago A Minneapolis-area Prince pilgrimage a year after his death Prince’s hometown of Minneapolis offers many places where fans can pay... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE New premium bag-in-box wines are changing the game Suburban chronicles: The kids are actually contributing? It wasn’t always this way Little spoons, fancy eggs and other revelations from the 46th floor Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 60% off Ground Turkey discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Long-term care facilities receive upgrades, thanks to Ministry of Health program Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 60% off Ground Turkey discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Customize your new condo with state-of-the-art decor centre Home Opinion Commentary Why flying on airlines is only going to get worse:... | 12 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Why flying on airlines is only going to get worse: Olive United Joshua Lott,AFP/Getty Images United Airlines may have been under the spotlight in recent weeks, but the experience of flying on any airline is poised to worsen as demand for air travel increases, writes David Olive. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By David Olive "Never buy an airline, kiddo." -Gordon Gekko's advice to his protégé in Wall Street (1987). After a string of gaffes, it seemed that United Airlines had exhausted every possibility in the undignified treatment of passengers. But no. Two weeks ago it violently dragged a 69-year-old passenger chosen at random by a computer, Dr. David Dao, off an overbooked flight bound for Louisville from Chicago. That same day, a Canadian couple flying United from Houston to Calgary was surprised midflight when a scorpion dropped from the overhead storage bin. It stung Richard Bell as he tried to sweep it off his tray table. That a predatory arachnid was able to elude the indignities inflicted by security on other passengers might seem a uniquely United story. But during the same period as the United incidents, Air Canada bumped a 10-year-old boy from an overbooked flight from P.E.I. to Costa Rica. The pilot of an Air Canada Rouge jet lost consciousness as his plane was preparing to land at Pearson International Airport. And last weekend, an Air Canada jetliner managed to land safely at Heathrow despite a missing rear wheel it had left behind in Canada, unbeknownst to the pilot. Remarkably, the authoritative annual Airline Quality Rating (ARQ), released this month, finds that most major U.S. carriers marginally improved their customer service in 2016. They haven't become good at treating their customers, just slightly less bad than in 2015. United ranked eighth in overall quality in that report, ahead of American Airlines. The experience of flying is poised to worsen as demand for air travel increases. Global population is expected to rise about one-third by mid-century. And baby boomers, the wealthiest generation in history, are heading into a vacation-filled retirement. Here's why air travel is unlikely to improve: • Lousy economics. The capital and personnel costs of running an airline are huge. And factors crucial to the bottom line, including fuel prices, weather and congested airports, are beyond the airlines' control. In these relatively good times for airlines, due mostly to low fuel costs, the average 2016 net profit margin for the three U.S. megacarriers — United Continental Holdings Inc., Delta Air Lines Inc. and American Airlines Group Inc. — was 8.1 per cent. By contrast, in these relatively down times for Procter & Gamble Co. and McDonald's Corp., those currently slumping firms were still able to widely outperform the airlines, with net profit margins of 15.4 per cent and 19 per cent, respectively. Put it another way: You could buy the three giant U.S. airlines for less than the market cap of Walgreen's, the U.S. drugstore chain. And you could buy Air Canada and WestJet Airlines Ltd. for about half the market cap of Canadian Tire Corp. Ltd. It's not like airlines haven't tried to do better. They've experimented with mergers, diversification (United once owned Westin hotels and Hertz Rent-a-Car), employee ownership schemes and frequent flyer miles. Still, the industry does not return its cost of capital. And it's been that way since Wilbur and Orville Wright. • Climate change. Global warming is already manifesting itself in more, and more powerful, storms. That plays havoc with airlines' on-time performance. The complexity and interconnectedness of the industry's domestic and global route systems is such that one delayed or cancelled flight due to a storm can back up scores or hundreds of other flights. For four days earlier this month, Delta was hobbled by severe storms in the U.S. Southeast and East Coast. On one day alone, April 9, Delta cancelled 150 flights and another 1,009 were delayed by storms — or one-third of Delta's global schedule. Episodes of extreme turbulence are on the rise, too. At the current rate of global warming increase, air passengers can anticipate a 149-per-cent increase in severe turbulence in coming years, according a recent report by the U.K.'s University of Reading. Increasing CO2 emissions create more powerful wind shear within jet-streams. "Even the most seasoned frequent flyers may be alarmed at the prospect of a 149-per-cent increase in severe turbulence, which frequently hospitalizes air travellers and flight attendants around the world," says Dr. Paul Williams at the University of Reading in a EurkAlert story. • Congested airports. As air passenger traffic has increased, airports have not grown with it. The result is bottlenecks at Heathrow; the three Tri-State airports of JFK, LaGuardia and Newark; and the principal airports of Beijing, Tokyo, São Paulo and Hong Kong. Jakarta's main airport is handling more than twice the number of passengers for which it was designed — unusual among global gateways not for its overtaxed capacity, but only the immense size of the deficit. The congested Pearson handles half of Canada's air traffic, an anomaly among G7 countries. It's worth noting that when the online U.S. newsmagazine Slate caviled this month about airlines treating their customers like "human cargo," the author later added in a post-script that Southwest Airlines Co., WestJet and Porter Aviation Holdings Inc. (Porter Airlines) are exceptions. As much as possible, those three carriers use uncongested second-tier airports as their hubs. WestJet received a bouquet from a U.S. passenger this month for its "culture of kindness" in handling an on-board medical emergency. In the U.S., it's estimated that airport delays cost the economy about $6 billion (U.S.) per year in lost efficiency. Airports routinely schedule too many planes to take off and land at the same time. That is, they overbook their facilities just as airlines overbook their flights. Delayed departures and arrivals are the inevitable result. The various players at airports — airlines, customs, ground-handing companies, retailers, air-traffic controllers, security providers, the airport-operating firm itself — collect but do not share data on how the airport could run more efficiently. Example: Data sharing would better ensure that the most heavily used arrival gates and departure areas are overhauled. The NIMBY factor ensures that almost every proposed airport expansion is met with vociferous opposition from an airport's neighbours. That was the fate of the never-built Pickering airport that Pierre Trudeau intended as relief for congestion that he correctly anticipated at Pearson. The Toronto lakefront Billy Bishop airport could take some stress off Pearson. But well-organized local residents have long prevented the introduction of jet aircraft there. That effectively has a few thousand locals dictating continued air-traffic congestion in a GTA of about six million people. Reform will be slow in coming. Most airport "authorities" are effectively unaccountable. And airlines, eking out a profit of a mere $10 per passenger in good times, have no incentive to improve service as long as most customers — abetted by the Internet — are chasing the lowest fares. Never buy an airline, kiddo. Toronto Star | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Most Read SEE MORE "Tim's is almost underwater": Dundas waterlogged by heavy rain Cooper the lost labradoodle has been found after WestJet mixup Halifax dog lost in Hamilton after being put on wrong flight Hamilton resident wins $1 million Lotto 6/49 prize Hamilton hit with a month’s worth of rain in one day In Your Neighbourhood Today Legal Matters: Are optional insurance benefits really optional? Question: It is time to renew my automobile insurance. Do I need to purchase optional... Plumbing upgrades: Be sure to involve a plumber for your home renovation If you’re looking for ways to overhaul and beautify your home, Binbrook Plumbing & Heating in... Legal Matters: Can you sue your spouse? Question: My husband was driving when he lost control of his truck and slammed into a tree,... Money that works for you: How upgrading your furnace and AC will save you money Bulletproof Heating & Cooling in Hamilton and Southern Ontario understands that the rising energy... Spring into patio season with TERRA With each week that passes, and the increasingly warmer temperatures, many of us are drawn to... Cool your engine with proper system maintenance Putney's Brake & Alignment Service in Hamilton knows how heated drivers can get when their cooling... The basics of a high-torque converter, and why you need one J&K Converters Ltd. in Baden, Ontario, realizes that many drivers don't think about torque... Harvey Armstrong: A leading expert in outdoor living supplies Providing a wide range of quality outdoor living supplies, Harvey Armstrong Ltd. in Binbrook,... Spectrum Communications knows just what solution your company needs Spectrum Communications in Hamilton has been providing a wide range of specialized communication... The Appliance Doctor is in Proudly serving the Steeltown city, The Appliance Doctor has been part of this hard-working... Looking for lanyards? And Sew On has them, plus lapel pins, pens and much more And Sew On Embroidery, Screenprinting, Promotional Products Inc. in Hamilton has everything you... Omni products: Quality stainless steel sinks ACF Surfaces Inc., located in Stoney Creek, is a distributor of Omni products. Omni sinks are... Does your home need a humidifier? Here’s how to know A-Plus Air in Stoney Creek provides the very best in heating and cooling solutions — including... Help with dealing with the details following a funeral service Dignity Memorial in Hamilton knows that the funeral is only one important part of the process when... Steps to take immediately following an accident Being involved in a car accident is traumatizing, but Flaherty Sloan Hatfield personal injury... Don’t let clutter stress you out: Organize your life with storage solutions Don’t wait for the spring season to clean out your closet; start decluttering your life and your... Reliable, rugged, affordable communications: Paging solutions remain tried and true Hamilton’s Spectrum Communications has been in the communications business since 1979, and it’s... Legal Matters: What to do when your child is the beneficiary to an estate Question: My child is a beneficiary to an estate, what do I do? Answer: If there is a Will,... Scenic Trails offers a truly unique approach to resort living Offering a serene entrance for an exclusive resort living lifestyle, Scenic Trails condominium by... Local business delivers quality service and home renovation items to your door The folks at Barton Bath + Floor in Hamilton know that bathroom renovations can be pricey, which is... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal 60% off Ground Turkey $29 View Deal Up to 41% off Prix Fixe Dinner $49 View Deal 50% off Chicken Breasts $35 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 58% off Breaded Chicken Breasts $30 View Deal 60% off Ground Chicken $29 View Deal 40% off a Prix Fixe Dinner $45 View Deal View All Deals MORE COMMENTARY What if robots and AI take our jobs? Applaud, but give caregivers more support If Wynne quits, then what? The art of distraction: In defence of coffee shop writers The truth about renting to students TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Search the print archives 7°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Should athletes use caffeine to boost performance? That depends on genetics, experts say. Toronto scientists are publishing research about caffeine and athletes next month. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Tide purclean encourages energy-saving laundry habits through its Sustainable Laundry Pledge and donates $250,000 to World Wildlife Fund for Earth Day Tide purclean, WWF and Kristen Bell teamed up to convert households to energy-saving laundry habits Tide purclean, WWF and actress Kristen Bell launched a joint effort to convert as many households possible to energy-saving laundry habits. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Tide purclean, WWF and actress Kristen Bell launched a joint effort to convert as many households possible to energy-saving laundry habits. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The Sustainable Laundry Pledge tasks consumers with making three small changes to their everyday laundry routine in order to make a big impact on the planet. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Tide purclean is 65% plant-based and produced at a facility that uses 100% renewable wind power electricity and is a zero manufacturing waste to landfill site. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 21, 2017 10:15 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Leading up to Earth Day, Tide purclean, World Wildlife Fund and actress Kristen Bell launched a joint effort to convert as many households possible to energy-saving laundry habits by asking consumers to take the Sustainable Laundry Pledge using #CleanPledge. Now, in celebration of the thousands of pledges received to-date, Tide purclean is making the full donation of $250,000 in support of WWF’s global conservation efforts. “This collaboration with Tide purclean is an opportunity to raise awareness that making small changes to something as simple as a load of laundry can make a difference and have impact on our world,” said Sheila Bonini, senior vice president, private sector engagement, World Wildlife Fund. “This donation helps WWF further our ongoing conservation efforts across the globe and represents an incredible effort by the public to adopt more sustainable household practices.” The Sustainable Laundry Pledge tasks consumers with making three small changes to their everyday laundry routine in order to make a big impact for the planet. These include: 1. Wash with cold water     Switching to cold water for one year can save enough energy to: Drive more than 300 miles Charge your phone for a lifetime Power your TV for 4 months 2. Use a High Efficiency washer     Compared to traditional washers, HE machines: Deliver up to 65% energy savings Use 3x less water 3. Take care of clothes to keep them longer     When the average life of clothing is extended by three months, you can: Help reduce the 21 billion pounds of textile waste going into landfills each year1 Reduce your carbon and water footprint by up to 10%2 To take the pledge, consumers are asked to visit Tide.com/CleanPledge or tweet using #CleanPledge. “It’s all about taking small steps that add up to big change,” said Kristen Bell. “As a mom, I need clean clothes for my kids, but I also care deeply about the world I’m leaving behind for them. Tide purclean is 65% plant-based and has the cleaning power of regular Tide so I can get the clean I need, while also making less of an environmental impact.” In addition to being 65% plant-based, Tide purclean is also produced at a facility that uses 100% renewable wind power electricity and is a zero manufacturing waste to landfill site. “We at P&G and Tide are committed to finding new ways to create innovative and sustainable products that people love, without trade-offs in price or performance,” said Amy Krehbiel, associate brand director, Procter & Gamble. “Tide purclean is one of the latest steps in our journey to help consumers make sustainable detergent choices from the brands they trust most. After all, a more sustainable detergent will only have impact if people use it!” About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. About WWF WWF is one of the world's leading conservation organizations, working in 100 countries for over half a century. With the support of almost 5 million members worldwide, WWF is dedicated to delivering science-based solutions to preserve the diversity and abundance of life on Earth, halt the degradation of the environment and combat climate change. Visit www.worldwildlife.org to learn more and follow our news conversations on Twitter @WWFNews. ____________________________________ 1) United States. Environmental Protection Agency. Municipal Solid Waste in the United States: 2009 Facts and Figures. Washington, DC: EPA, 2010. Available at https://nepis.epa.gov/Exe/tiff2png.cgi/P100A0NX.PNG?-r+75+-g+7+D%3A%5CZYFILES%5CINDEX%20DATA%5C06THRU10%5CTIFF%5C00001065%5CP100A0NX.TIF 2) LeBlanc, Rick. “Textile Recycling Facts and Figures.” Sustainable Businesses. The Balance, 31 Jan. 2017. Available at https://www.thebalance.com/textile-recycling-facts-and-figures-2878122. Contacts Procter & Gamble Tracey Long, 513-983-9629 long.tl@pg.com or MMK+ Kristen Tully, 212-485-6854 KTully@hellommc.com Release Summary Tide purclean encourages energy-saving laundry habits through its Sustainable Laundry Pledge and donates $250,000 to World Wildlife Fund for Earth Day Contacts Procter & Gamble Tracey Long, 513-983-9629 long.tl@pg.com or MMK+ Kristen Tully, 212-485-6854 KTully@hellommc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Yields Worth Holding April 21, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) Money manager Adrian Day reviews some of the companies in his portfolio, including some global companies with yields up to 7.5%. Loews Corp. (L:NYSE, 46.09) has finally made a long-awaited new acquisition, spending $1.2 billion of its $5 billion cash hoard to buy Consolidated Container Company, a plastic packaging manufacturer. If not exactly exciting, the company meets Loews’ acquisition criteria as set out by CEO James Tisch: it is in a fragmented industry offering opportunities for further acquisitions, it has strong cash flows and is unlikely to be subject to major technological disruption. The acquisition also diversifies Loews’ portfolio into a relatively stable area to help offset the volatile oil and gas sectors. Loews, trading at a 14% discount to its Net Asset Value, with upside potential from its oil and gas as well as more steady cash flows from its hotels and insurance units, and a still rock-solid balance sheet, remains a long-term holding. Given the discount is well below historical average, we would look for a wider NAV discount to step up buying. High yields from around the world Hutchison Port Holdings Trust (HPHT:Singapore), US$0.40) reported a 15% decline in profits on a 6% decline in throughput for 2016, in line with expectations. But the company lowered dividend guidance for this year, for an implied yield of 7.5%. The trust is under pressure from macro issues, including shipping alliance rationalization leading to pricing pressures, sluggish global trade and pressures on the Hong Kong port, as well as the trust’s debt repayment plans. However, given the outlook for steady revenues and dividends over the next few years as well as upside potential if global trade recovers, we are holding for a likely bottom-of-the-cycle 7.5% yield. We would add on improved prospects or lower stock price. Disappointing earnings, but perhaps a turn ahead Kingsmen Creatives Ltd. (5MZ:SI), 0.595) had a difficult 40th year in the face of a soft retail environment and much lower revenue from the volatile exhibitions and museums sector. Overall, though revenues were up slightly, profits fell 9% in 2016, with depreciation (on its office building purchase) up significantly. The dividend was reduced from last year, to a current 4.2%. Kingsmen is a well-run, growing company with a strong balance sheet. The market is turning, we believe, so we may see the dividend start to grow again this year. We are holding, and buying on stock price weakness. Moderate growth, but solid dividend Nestle SA (NESN:VX; NSRGY:OTC), 75.90) reported disappointing 2016 results, with organic growth of 3.2%, well below the company’s own target of 5–6% annual growth. Low global growth, low inflation, strong competition and volatile currencies were all cited as headwinds on results. It is now abandoning that target, which it has missed for the last four years. It is worth noting, however, that the growth Nestle has achieved is meaningfully above that of comparables, such as Unilever, Kraft, and Proctor and Gamble. A new CEO, Mark Schneider, appointed in January, is the first CEO from outside the company in nearly 100 years. He formerly headed a German healthcare company. In addition to abandoning the organic growth target, Schneider said his emphasis in the period ahead would be on cost savings, and that the company was not looking for any major acquisitions, this despite a strong balance sheet (including a $25 billion sake in L’Oreal which could be sold). We are holding, partly for the good dividend, a tad over 3% currently. Nestle has increased its annual dividend every year since the mid-1990s, and hasn’t cut the dividends all the way back to the 1950s. We’ll be buyers again on a pullback. When it rains, it pours for Freeport Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (FCX:NYSE), 12.48) has had a tumultuous period since our last review. Having finally got the balance sheet under control—with a further $5.2 billion in sales in the 4th quarter—along come a strike at Peru’s largest copper mine (now settled), plus another strike and labor protests at Grasberg in Indonesia, as well as a dispute with the government. The government is attempting to renege on the long-term contract it has with Freeport, forcing it to sell a majority stake to locals; requiring it to build an uneconomic smelter; and changing other terms of the contract. The dispute led to the suspension of sales and then of mining for a period. Grasberg was the foundation of the company and remains a major asset, representing about 25% of the company’s copper revenue (and another 10% of revenue in gold sales). However, in a long-standing agreement with Rio, that company receives 40% of all revenue starting in 2021. (Currently, it receives 40% above certain benchmarks.) Rio has already said publicly that it is reconsidering whether it wants to remain in the joint venture; „There is a difference between a world-class resource and a world-class business,” the CEO said. Of course, both companies have already spent the many billions of capital to develop the mine, which it did on the basis of a contract with the government. For the government to arbitrarily change this and take a larger amount would push Freeport to seek arbitration and compensation in an international arena. Freeport estimates it has contributed around $60 billion to the country’s GDP since the early 1990s; it is the largest private employer in Papua New Guinea, and one of the country’s largest taxpayers. It’s been an ever-developing saga, well covered in the financial press. Freeport has been extremely patient with the government, negotiating to meet half way, agreeing to build the (unnecessary and expensive) smelter and so forth. When it went public, it was clearly exasperated. Given the uncertainty in Indonesia, we will look for sell-offs to add to positions, but are holding now, close to the low since last October. More drilling…and more shares Cartier Resources Inc. (ECR:TSX.V), 0.255) is drilling on four properties following a strategic investment in the company by Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd., which holds 19.75% of the shares. Despite the injection of funds from Agnico (in December), however, the company has undertaken yet another financing amounting to another 10% dilution. Hold. Adrian Day, London-born and a graduate of the London School of Economics, heads the money management firm Adrian Day Asset Management, where he manages discretionary accounts in both global and resource areas. Day is also sub-adviser to the EuroPacific Gold Fund (EPGFX). His latest book is „Investing in Resources: How to Profit from the Outsized Potential and Avoid the Risks.” Disclosure: 1) Adrian Day: I, or members of my immediate household or family, own shares of the following companies mentioned in this article: Nestle. I personally am, or members of my immediate household or family are, paid by the following companies mentioned in this article: None. My company has a financial relationship with the following companies mentioned in this article: None. Funds controlled by Adrian Day Asset Management hold shares of the following companies mentioned in this article: Loews, Hutchison Port Holdings Trust, Kingsmen Creatives, Nestle, Freeport-McMoRan and Cartier Resources. I determined which companies would be included in this article based on my research and understanding of the sector. 2) The following companies mentioned in this article are sponsors of Streetwise Reports: None. Streetwise Reports does not accept stock in exchange for its services. Click here for important disclosures about sponsor fees. The information provided above is for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security. 3) Statements and opinions expressed are the opinions of the author and not of Streetwise Reports or its officers. The author is wholly responsible for the validity of the statements. The author was not paid by Streetwise Reports for this article. Streetwise Reports was not paid by the author to publish or syndicate this article. 4) This article does not constitute investment advice. Each reader is encouraged to consult with his or her individual financial professional and any action a reader takes as a result of information presented here is his or her own responsibility. By opening this page, each reader accepts and agrees to Streetwise Reports’ terms of use and full legal disclaimer. This article is not a solicitation for investment. Streetwise Reports does not render general or specific investment advice and the information on Streetwise Reports should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any security. Streetwise Reports does not endorse or recommend the business, products, services or securities of any company mentioned on Streetwise Reports. 5) From time to time, Streetwise Reports LLC and its directors, officers, employees or members of their families, as well as persons interviewed for articles and interviews on the site, may have a long or short position in securities mentioned. Directors, officers, employees or members of their immediate families are prohibited from making purchases and/or sales of those securities in the open market or otherwise from the time of the interview or the decision to write an article, until one week after the publication of the interview or article. More Info: This news is published on the Investorideas.com Newswire – a global digital news source for investors and business leaders Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp Additional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 – all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMining Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP Reminds Investors of Upcoming April 24th Deadline in Global Eagle Entertainment, Inc. (ENT) Securities Case Next PostNext Automotive Shock Absorbers for Passenger Cars Market 2016 Research, Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share and Industry Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, April 22, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Attack in Paris Casts a Shadow as France’s Election Nears By ADAM NOSSITER The attack by a French national with a history of violence, which left one police officer dead on the Champs-Élysées, may influence Sunday’s vote. The far-right leader Marine Le Pen seized on the brazen assault, but she was not the only presidential candidate who stood to gain ground.  Comments France Poses Biggest Test Yet for Ideas Like Trump’s The Daily 360 2:43 Five Who Want to Lead France Paul Durand/European Pressphoto Agency. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » In a Surprise, Trump Vows ‘Massive’ Tax Cut Plan Next Week By ALAN RAPPEPORT and MICHAEL D. SHEAR 9:47 PM ET President Trump, in an announcement that surprised Capitol Hill, offered no further details about what is certain to be an enormously complicated effort to overhaul the nation’s tax code. Justice Department Sends Warning to ‘Sanctuary Cities’ By CHARLIE SAVAGE The Trump administration escalated its confrontation with local governments, demanding that they show compliance with federal immigration law or lose U.S. grant money. Obama’s Silence to End, but He Won’t Criticize Trump By MICHAEL D. SHEAR The former president will take part in a series of events in May, but those who have been waiting for him to respond to his successor’s accusations and policies are likely to be disappointed.  Comments United Airlines Chief Will Not Become Its Next Chairman By BARRY MEIER 9:05 PM ET The company also said it would revise executive compensation based on the airline’s customer performance after a high-profile misstep. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Credit NASA/JPL-Caltech Heading for Fiery Plunge Into Saturn’s Heart By DENNIS OVERBYE After years of discoveries, NASA’s Cassini spacecraft is set to venture into the gap between Saturn and its innermost ring 22 times until Sept. 15, then crash into the planet. How the Spacecraft Moves Inside Saturn’s Rings Scientists and Activists Look Beyond the March By NICHOLAS ST. FLEUR On Saturday, more than 500 cities will host marches for science. But what scientists and other organizers do next is just as important. Why Some Are Going, and Some Will Sit Out By MICHAEL ROSTON In remarks to The Times, some said the president’s stance demanded a response, but others worried about the politicization of science. Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Sketch Guy Time to Be Honest About the Fear That’s Getting in Your Way By CARL RICHARDS What is stopping you from springing that big, life-changing project or side hustle on the world? Fear, not edits or fonts or lack of an agent. Personal Health The Cost of Not Taking Your Medicine By JANE E. BRODY Nonadherence to prescriptions causes some 125,000 deaths a year in the United States alone.  Comments Getaway Driver in Deadly Brink’s Heist Is Denied Parole By MARC SANTORA Judith Clark, who has served 35 years of her minimum 75-year sentence, took part in the botched 1981 robbery that left a guard and two police officers dead.  Comments Berkeley Is Being Tested on 2 Fronts: Speech and Safety By THOMAS FULLER and STEPHANIE SAUL The university, facing a controversy this week over a planned speech by Ann Coulter, has become known as a meeting ground for those who express themselves with fists. California’s Deluge Washes Away a Homeless Colony By ADAM NAGOURNEY Heavy rains have forced an exodus of homeless people from Sacramento’s riverbanks, thrusting their numbers and their agony into view. Anonymous Hotlines: Hard to Find and Harder to Trust By NOAM SCHEIBER 9:05 PM ET Fox News employees say they were unaware of a method to report misbehavior. Experts say companies often create hotlines to limit legal liability. Why a Problem in Midtown Snarled the City’s Commute By ELI ROSENBERG New York City got another reminder that a power failure in one station can create problems across the aging system. 10 Things to Do in New York City Now More News VW Moves Past Criminal Case, but Not Without Scolding Pence, Visiting Australia, Confirms ‘Historic Alliance’ 2:52 AM ET Judge Clears Way for Police Body Cameras in New York 10:56 PM ET Video Shows Judge on Hudson Shore Before Her Death 9:17 PM ET U.S. Says Raid Killed ‘Close Associate’ of ISIS Leader Britain Goes a Day Without Burning Coal for Electricity The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. New Copy of Declaration Prompts Head-Scratching Two Harvard scholars argue that a previously unknown parchment copy of the Declaration of Independence offers clues to the debate over the Constitution. Thomas Middleditch on Flying His Own Plane The actor, who returns to the role of Richard Hendricks in the fourth season of HBO’s comedy “Silicon Valley,” gets work done in the pilot’s seat. How a Warming Planet Drives Human Migration Climate displacement is becoming one of the world’s most powerful — and destabilizing — geopolitical forces. The Opinion Pages Gail Collins The Trump 100-Day Quiz See how well you have followed the action.  Comments Raising Children Inside a War By THANHHÀ LẠI 9:33 PM ET A mother recalls life in Saigon with her children after their father was captured by the Communists.  Comments Editorial: As Retail Goes, So Goes the Nation Painters Deserve Their Deduction Go East, Young American Op-Ed | PAMELA DRUCKERMAN How Do You Say ‘Hail Mary’ in French? French voters were supposed to be rational. Could they send radicals to the runoff? The Suspense Is Almost Too Much for the French Why It’s O.K. for Doctors to Participate in Executions Brooks: Crisis of Western Civ Cohen: Life, Liberty, Ivanka Krugman: Health Care’s Box The Planet Can’t Stand This Presidency Syria Changed the World Let’s All Learn About Hawaii User Subscriptions Dateline Panmunjom, South (and a Little North) Korea Rudyard Kipling on the Front Page: Battle Cries and an Elegy Times Insider » Dateline Panmunjom, South (and a Little North) Korea The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region A Final Tip of the Hat to a Haberdasher’s Castle Opinion Syria Changed the World The West tried to ignore “Muslims killing Muslims,” but the war in Syria has engulfed us all. N.Y. / Region Her Saw Cuts Through the Subway Din Food Fish That’s Fast, Easy and Sometimes Even Fancy Opinion Doctors Are Human Too A series of suicides in Australia shows we need to better understand the distress among young doctors. Times Insider Reporting From the Demilitarized Zone Fashion & Style A Celebration After the ‘Hello, Dolly!’ Opening Opinion A Lesson From the Henrietta Lacks Story: Science Needs Your Cells Real Estate What Social Work Taught Me About Real Estate Business Day Leila Janah on Knowing When to Let Go Opinion Why German Turks Voted for the Autocrat Far Away Support for Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s constitutional referendum reveals a group’s alienation. Times Insider Great Reads From Around the Web Sections World » Attack on Champs-Élysées Injects More Uncertainty Into French Vote The Saturday Profile: Remembering the World’s Oldest Person, in the Objects She Left Behind The Interpreter: Do U.S. Strikes Send a ‘Message’ to Rivals? There’s No Evidence Business Day » Trump Vows to Unveil Tax-Cut Plan Next Week, Surprising Staff Scandal Again Hovers Over Murdoch’s Pursuit of Sky as U.K. Delays Review Anonymous Harassment Hotlines Are Hard to Find and Harder to Trust Opinion » Pamela Druckerman: How Do You Say ‘Hail Mary’ in French? Editorial: As Retail Goes, So Goes the Nation Sandeep Jauhar: Why It’s O.K. for Doctors to Participate in Executions U.S. » Berkeley Is Being Tested on 2 Fronts: Free Speech and Safety Vacation’s Over: Obama Returns to Public Life Next Week California’s Deluge of Rain Washes Away a Homeless Colony Technology » Google Earth’s New Voyager Tool Aims to Feed Our Wanderlust F.C.C. Leader Seeks Tech Companies’ Views on Net Neutrality Haven’t Bought a Car in a While? It’s a New World Out There Arts » Inside Prince’s Paisley Park Archives: 7,000 Artifacts Cataloged, Many More to Go A New Parchment Declaration of Independence Surfaces. Head-Scratching Ensues. Battle Over 2 Films Reflects Turkey’s Quest to Control a Bitter History Politics » Nurse Replaces Surgeon General After Obama Appointee Resigns At a ‘Unity’ Stop in Nebraska, Democrats Find Anything But Trump Vows to Unveil Tax-Cut Plan Next Week, Surprising Staff Fashion & Style » Night Out: Bette Midler, Michael Kors and Lucas Hedges Celebrate After ‘Hello, Dolly!’ Opening Modern Love: To Stay Married, Embrace Change Encounters: Maurizio Cattelan, Naughty as Ever, Plays Games and Tours the Whitney Movies » Battle Over 2 Films Reflects Turkey’s Quest to Control a Bitter History Review: ‘Unforgettable’ Serves Up Yet Another Crazy Ex Review: Brie Larson as a Gangster Wrangler in ‘Free Fire’ New York » Judith Clark, Getaway Driver in Deadly Brink’s Heist, Is Denied Parole Video Shows Judge on Hudson Shore Before Her Death Why a Midtown Power Failure Snarled Your Morning Subway Commute Sports » On Tennis: Serena Williams’s Coach Sees a ‘Fabulous’ New Challenge in Her Pregnancy On Baseball: Daniel Murphy’s Keen Eye Bolsters a Nationals Pillar Barclays Center Slugs It Out With Madison Square Garden for Fights Theater » Review: ‘Hello, Dolly!’ Is Bright, Brassy and All Bette Rebuilding a Broadway Theater With American Voices ‘Journey to the Past’ Carries ‘Anastasia’ to the Present Science » Out There: Cassini’s Grand Finale: A Dive Between Saturn and Its Rings Cassini Moves Inside Saturn’s Rings Trilobites: What Moves Gravel-Size Gypsum Crystals Around the Desert? Obituaries » Sandy Gallin, 76, Talent Manager Adored by Stars, Dies Cuba Gooding Sr., Soul Singer, Dies at 72 Elizabeth Sargent, Poet and Last Tenant Above Carnegie Hall, Dies at 96 Television » ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’: A Newly Resonant Dystopia Comes to TV Review: ‘Mary Kills People,’ but It’s for a Good Reason Review: ‘The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks,’ Condensed Health » Affordable Care Act: A Tale of Two Red States The New Old Age: Could Be the Thyroid; Could Be Ennui. Either Way, the Drug Isn’t Helping. The Weekly Health Quiz: Dragon's Blood, Monogamy and Sports Contagion Travel » The Love Issue: In Spain, Secrets and a Possible Betrayal The Love Issue: When Love and Travel Meet on the Road Frugal Traveler: Exploring Baltimore, a City With Style to Spare, on a Budget Books » Nonfiction: Shakespeare’s Hot Mess: What We Can Learn From Falstaff Nonfiction: Their Hours Upon the Stage: Performing ‘Hamlet’ Around the World By the Book: John Waters: By the Book Education » Berkeley Cancels Ann Coulter Speech Over Safety Fears DeVos Halts Obama-Era Plan to Revamp Student Loan Management Whittier Law School Says It Will Shut Down Food » Immigration Inquiry Draws Protest at Tom Cat Bakery A Good Appetite: Fish That’s Fast, Easy and Sometimes Even Fancy City Kitchen: Three Ways to Let Fresh Asparagus Shine Sunday Review » Roger Cohen: France in the End of Days Opinion: Why You Should Read Books You Hate Editorial: Mr. Trump’s 10-Second Convictions Real Estate » First-Time Home Buyers Who Did It on Their Own A First-Time Buyer’s Cheat Sheet What Social Work Taught Me About Selling Real Estate The Upshot » Economic View: How Best to Tax Business Public Health: A New G.O.P. Health Proposal Evokes the Old Days Working Families: How Child Care Enriches Mothers, and Especially the Sons They Raise Magazine » The Climate Issue: Our Climate Future Is Actually Our Climate Present The Climate Issue: Why the Menace of Mosquitoes Will Only Get Worse The Climate Issue: How Singapore Is Creating More Land for Itself Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Favorite S.U.V.s, From Most Affordable to Luxurious Bigger, Faster, More Lavish: Americans Crave S.U.V.s, and Carmakers Oblige G.M. Takes a Back Seat to Tesla as America’s Most Valued Carmaker T Magazine » Arts and Letters: An Artist Returns From the Edge Dave Chappelle Is an American Folk Hero Illustrated Interview | Thom Browne Times Insider » Looking Back: The Sulzbergers’ Other Times Took Heat for Racial Coverage What We’re Reading Save the Date: May 9: Live Event: Go Behind the Scenes of Our ‘Refugees Welcome’ Series Real Estate » Shopping Guide Shopping for Vases By TIM McKEOUGH With the right vase, any flower — even a dandelion — can look good. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Samstag, 22. April | 07:01 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 16:15 | 21.04.2017 Tide purclean encourages energy-saving laundry habits through its Sustainable Laundry Pledge and donates $250,000 to World Wildlife Fund for Earth Day Leading up to Earth Day, Tide purclean, World Wildlife Fund and actress Kristen Bell launched a joint effort to convert as many households possible to energy-saving laundry habits by asking consumers to take the Sustainable Laundry Pledge using #CleanPledge. Now, in celebration of the thousands of pledges received to-date, Tide purclean is making the full donation of $250,000 in support of WWF’s global conservation efforts. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170421005439/en/ Tide purclean, WWF and actress Kristen Bell launched a joint effort to convert as many households possible to energy-saving laundry habits. (Photo: Business Wire) “This collaboration with Tide purclean is an opportunity to raise awareness that making small changes to something as simple as a load of laundry can make a difference and have impact on our world,” said Sheila Bonini, senior vice president, private sector engagement, World Wildlife Fund. “This donation helps WWF further our ongoing conservation efforts across the globe and represents an incredible effort by the public to adopt more sustainable household practices.” The Sustainable Laundry Pledge tasks consumers with making three small changes to their everyday laundry routine in order to make a big impact for the planet. These include: 1. Wash with cold water     Switching to cold water for one year can save enough energy to: Drive more than 300 miles Charge your phone for a lifetime Power your TV for 4 months 2. Use a High Efficiency washer     Compared to traditional washers, HE machines: Deliver up to 65% energy savings Use 3x less water 3. Take care of clothes to keep them longer     When the average life of clothing is extended by three months, you can: Help reduce the 21 billion pounds of textile waste going into landfills each year1 Reduce your carbon and water footprint by up to 10%2 To take the pledge, consumers are asked to visit Tide.com/CleanPledge or tweet using #CleanPledge. “It’s all about taking small steps that add up to big change,” said Kristen Bell. “As a mom, I need clean clothes for my kids, but I also care deeply about the world I’m leaving behind for them. Tide purclean is 65% plant-based and has the cleaning power of regular Tide so I can get the clean I need, while also making less of an environmental impact.” In addition to being 65% plant-based, Tide purclean is also produced at a facility that uses 100% renewable wind power electricity and is a zero manufacturing waste to landfill site. “We at P&G and Tide are committed to finding new ways to create innovative and sustainable products that people love, without trade-offs in price or performance,” said Amy Krehbiel, associate brand director, Procter & Gamble. “Tide purclean is one of the latest steps in our journey to help consumers make sustainable detergent choices from the brands they trust most. After all, a more sustainable detergent will only have impact if people use it!” About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. About WWF WWF is one of the world’s leading conservation organizations, working in 100 countries for over half a century. With the support of almost 5 million members worldwide, WWF is dedicated to delivering science-based solutions to preserve the diversity and abundance of life on Earth, halt the degradation of the environment and combat climate change. Visit www.worldwildlife.org to learn more and follow our news conversations on Twitter @WWFNews. ____________________________________ 1) United States. Environmental Protection Agency. Municipal Solid Waste in the United States: 2009 Facts and Figures. Washington, DC: EPA, 2010. Available at https://nepis.epa.gov/Exe/tiff2png.cgi/P100A0NX.PNG?-r+75+-g+7+D%3A%5CZYFILES%5CINDEX%20DATA%5C06THRU10%5CTIFF%5C00001065%5CP100A0NX.TIF 2) LeBlanc, Rick. “Textile Recycling Facts and Figures.” Sustainable Businesses. The Balance, 31 Jan. 2017. Available at https://www.thebalance.com/textile-recycling-facts-and-figures-2878122. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170421005439/en/ Bookmarken NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 22:48 Uhr | 21.04.2017 BKA-Chef: Verdächtiger hat sich ... 22:23 Uhr | 21.04.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:17 Uhr | 21.04.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:12 Uhr | 21.04.2017 ROUNDUP: Trump stellt Finanzregeln ... 21:50 Uhr | 21.04.2017 dpa-AFX Überblick: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min       Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Tide purclean encourages energy-saving laundry habits through its Sustainable Laundry Pledge and donates $250,000 to World Wildlife Fund for Earth Day Tide purclean, WWF and Kristen Bell teamed up to convert households to energy-saving laundry habits Tide purclean, WWF and actress Kristen Bell launched a joint effort to convert as many households possible to energy-saving laundry habits. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Tide purclean, WWF and actress Kristen Bell launched a joint effort to convert as many households possible to energy-saving laundry habits. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The Sustainable Laundry Pledge tasks consumers with making three small changes to their everyday laundry routine in order to make a big impact on the planet. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Tide purclean is 65% plant-based and produced at a facility that uses 100% renewable wind power electricity and is a zero manufacturing waste to landfill site. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 21, 2017 10:15 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Leading up to Earth Day, Tide purclean, World Wildlife Fund and actress Kristen Bell launched a joint effort to convert as many households possible to energy-saving laundry habits by asking consumers to take the Sustainable Laundry Pledge using #CleanPledge. Now, in celebration of the thousands of pledges received to-date, Tide purclean is making the full donation of $250,000 in support of WWF’s global conservation efforts. “This collaboration with Tide purclean is an opportunity to raise awareness that making small changes to something as simple as a load of laundry can make a difference and have impact on our world,” said Sheila Bonini, senior vice president, private sector engagement, World Wildlife Fund. “This donation helps WWF further our ongoing conservation efforts across the globe and represents an incredible effort by the public to adopt more sustainable household practices.” The Sustainable Laundry Pledge tasks consumers with making three small changes to their everyday laundry routine in order to make a big impact for the planet. These include: 1. Wash with cold water     Switching to cold water for one year can save enough energy to: Drive more than 300 miles Charge your phone for a lifetime Power your TV for 4 months 2. Use a High Efficiency washer     Compared to traditional washers, HE machines: Deliver up to 65% energy savings Use 3x less water 3. Take care of clothes to keep them longer     When the average life of clothing is extended by three months, you can: Help reduce the 21 billion pounds of textile waste going into landfills each year1 Reduce your carbon and water footprint by up to 10%2 To take the pledge, consumers are asked to visit Tide.com/CleanPledge or tweet using #CleanPledge. “It’s all about taking small steps that add up to big change,” said Kristen Bell. “As a mom, I need clean clothes for my kids, but I also care deeply about the world I’m leaving behind for them. Tide purclean is 65% plant-based and has the cleaning power of regular Tide so I can get the clean I need, while also making less of an environmental impact.” In addition to being 65% plant-based, Tide purclean is also produced at a facility that uses 100% renewable wind power electricity and is a zero manufacturing waste to landfill site. “We at P&G and Tide are committed to finding new ways to create innovative and sustainable products that people love, without trade-offs in price or performance,” said Amy Krehbiel, associate brand director, Procter & Gamble. “Tide purclean is one of the latest steps in our journey to help consumers make sustainable detergent choices from the brands they trust most. After all, a more sustainable detergent will only have impact if people use it!” About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. About WWF WWF is one of the world's leading conservation organizations, working in 100 countries for over half a century. With the support of almost 5 million members worldwide, WWF is dedicated to delivering science-based solutions to preserve the diversity and abundance of life on Earth, halt the degradation of the environment and combat climate change. Visit www.worldwildlife.org to learn more and follow our news conversations on Twitter @WWFNews. ____________________________________ 1) United States. Environmental Protection Agency. Municipal Solid Waste in the United States: 2009 Facts and Figures. Washington, DC: EPA, 2010. Available at https://nepis.epa.gov/Exe/tiff2png.cgi/P100A0NX.PNG?-r+75+-g+7+D%3A%5CZYFILES%5CINDEX%20DATA%5C06THRU10%5CTIFF%5C00001065%5CP100A0NX.TIF 2) LeBlanc, Rick. “Textile Recycling Facts and Figures.” Sustainable Businesses. The Balance, 31 Jan. 2017. Available at https://www.thebalance.com/textile-recycling-facts-and-figures-2878122. Contacts Procter & Gamble Tracey Long, 513-983-9629 long.tl@pg.com or MMK+ Kristen Tully, 212-485-6854 KTully@hellommc.com Release Summary Tide purclean encourages energy-saving laundry habits through its Sustainable Laundry Pledge and donates $250,000 to World Wildlife Fund for Earth Day Contacts Procter & Gamble Tracey Long, 513-983-9629 long.tl@pg.com or MMK+ Kristen Tully, 212-485-6854 KTully@hellommc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Wasson Enterprise and Innventure Form New Joint Venture to Commercialize Innovative Technologies New joint venture employs a strategic value creation model to repeatedly create new businesses, including those from proprietary P&G technologies News provided by Innventure 21 Apr, 2017, 09:15 ET Share this article CHICAGO, April 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Wasson Enterprise (WE), a Chicago-based angel investment group, founded by Gregory D. Wasson, former CEO of Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA), and Innventure, co-founded by Michael Otworth to commercialize innovative technologies, announce the creation of Innventure – a Wasson Enterprise Partnership. The new joint venture offers a unique blend of the two organizations' collective experience and expertise as they work in partnership with Fortune 50 companies to evaluate, scale, and commercialize disruptive innovative technologies with significant market potential. Its initial partner is Procter & Gamble (P&G). The venture will explore similar relationships with other multinational businesses and institutions with a goal of building new, sustainable businesses and transforming markets. Wasson will serve as the joint venture's chairman of the board; Otworth will assume its leadership as chief executive officer. "By partnering with each other in this new joint venture," said Wasson, "our two companies are looking forward to accelerating and increasing opportunities with P&G—as well as with other multinationals—to build companies that transform markets. Our systematic value creation would minimize many of the inherent risks common in most startups. Our team has a demonstrated history of innovative entrepreneurship and expertise built on a mission to create transformational companies that can stand the test of time." Together, the two organizations offer complementary expertise focused on systematic, repeatable value creation. According to Otworth, "Part of what makes us unique is that we have developed a highly efficient and proven commercialization model in which we can repeatedly create new companies. This allows us to not only create value, but to transform markets through these disruptive technologies." Otworth, along with John Scott, founder of XL Tech Group (XLTG), created 11 new companies over 20 years, with 10 achieving late-stage funding, including six successful IPOs. "We welcome the formation of Innventure – a Wasson Enterprise Partnership, and the compliment it represents to P&G's research and innovation efforts," said Neil Jordan, Vice President of Corporate R&D and P&G Ventures. "Their collective experience positions them well to serve as an important strategic partner to help us scale disruptive technologies and generate shareholder value." Background Wasson and Otworth bring considerable and varied experience to their new venture. Before founding WE, Wasson capped a 35-year career with Walgreens, one of the nation's largest pharmacy chains, when he was named CEO in 2009 until his retirement in 2015 as CEO of WBA. With an eye to the limitless possibilities of deploying innovative technologies to transform how people live and to build and maintain a sustainable environment, Wasson Enterprise has focused its investments on early-stage companies in three distinct sectors: clean and efficient energy innovation, innovative customer and shopping solutions, and health tech. Otworth has significant experience in creating new technology companies and seeing them through to their launches, including developing go-to-market strategies for businesses built on technology-enabled medical products. With his experience from XL Tech Group in 1996 and Green Ocean Innovation in 2008, Otworth has specialized in business development based on disruptive technologies with Fortune 50 companies that include P&G, Kraft, Unilever, and Lilly, as well as health organizations that include Mayo Clinic and Vanderbilt Medical Center. He's been involved in start-ups now worth more than $1 billion in market value. About Wasson Enterprise Wasson Enterprise (WE) (www.wassonenterprise.com) is a family-based investment group founded and led by Gregory D. Wasson, former CEO of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. WE helps entrepreneurs build sustainable businesses and creates value through angel investing and operating businesses. Wasson Enterprise Angel invests in three strategic sectors with the goal of connecting, mentoring, and assisting startups in commercializing dreams into sustainable businesses. Its investment pillars are clean and efficient energy innovation, innovative customer and shopping solutions, and health tech. About Innventure The Innventure team has more than 20 years of experience identifying disruptive technologies and creating successful new companies. Its proven disruptive innovation model successfully identifies emerging technologies and accelerates the path to scale and in-market success. Based on the operating model of its precursor company, XL Tech Group (XLTG), the Innventure team has a long history of identifying breakthrough technology solutions that address unmet needs that have sufficient economic impact to drive and sustain changed customer behaviors. In total, of the 11 new companies created over 20 years, 10 achieved late-stage funding, including six successful IPOs. Its primary technology sourcing partner is P&G, with the first NewCo, Pure Cycle Technologies, a potentially transformative offering in plastics recycling, launched in Q4 2015. www.innventure.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wasson-enterprise-and-innventure-form-new-joint-venture-to-commercialize-innovative-technologies-300443420.html SOURCE Innventure Related Links http://www.innventure.com http://www.wassonenterprise.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Wasson Enterprise and Innventure Form New Joint Venture to Commercialize Innovative Technologies News provided by Innventure 21 Apr, 2017, 09:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Business Jobs General Notice Personal Finance | Business Leader Awards Injured Riu worker to be flown overseas for treatment, mayor says 7:52 PM Tributes and discord one year after Prince death 7:37 PM Gov’t senator proposes property tax amnesty 7:23 PM Weekly Round-up: Retired Olympic athlete Mason dies... Romanian scammer arrested in HWT... Tesha Miller fined $100 7:00 PM Anti-corruption conference next week critical – contractor general 6:47 PM PHOTOS: Jamaica’s World relay team in training 6:21 PM Danville Walker appealing verdict 6:03 PM Windies 244-7 at stumps 5:49 PM NMIA to be closed for maintenance works late Tuesday, early Wednesday 5:32 PM Forex: J$128.91 to one US dollar 5:13 PM McKenzie says investigation being conducted into RIU explosion 4:55 PM JAS wants compensation fund for praedial larceny victims 4:27 PM Chase, Dowrich lead Windies recovery 4:03 PM May Pen Hospital to get radiology centre — Mike Henry 3:56 PM Canadian company given licences to mine for gold, copper in St Catherine 3:37 PM Bolt's potential successor De Grasse happy with attention 3:18 PM US/Jamaica World Relays showdown starts tomorrow 3:00 PM Obama returns Monday 2:55 PM Foreign minister to attend Diaspora conference launches in US 2:40 PM Venezuela death toll soars to 20 in weeks of protests 2:30 PM Mandela Highway traffic changes take effect tomorrow 2:00 PM US Immigration Services wants end to temporary protection for Haitians 1:54 PM J'cans urged to support work of child month committee 1:31 PM Dream debut for Abbas as Windies limp to 71-4 at lunch 1:00 PM Programme launched to train people in 3D Animation 12:39 PM Business GM halts operations in Venezuela after factory is seized Friday, April 21, 2017     Tweet DETROIT, USA (AP) —General Motors has stopped doing business in Venezuela after authorities took control of its only factory there in what GM called an illegal judicial seizure of its assets. The plant was confiscated on Wednesday as anti-government protesters clashed with authorities in a country that is roiling in economic troubles such as food shortages and triple-digit inflation. The Detroit automaker said in a statement yesterday that other assets such as vehicles were taken from the plant, causing irreparable damage to the company. It’s not the first time the Venezuelan Government has seized a foreign corporation’s facilities. In July of last year, the Government said it would take a factory belonging to Kimberly-Clark Corp after the US personal care giant said it was no longer possible to manufacture in the crisis-wracked nation due to a lack of materials. President Nicolas Maduro accused Kimberly-Clark of participating in an international plot to damage Venezuela’s economy and said his socialist Government would provide public funds to the workers at the plant. Kimberly-Clark joined Bridgestone, General Mills, Procter & Gamble, Ford Motor Co and other multinational corporations in scaling back operations in Venezuela. In March, a World Bank arbitration panel determined that Venezuela did not have to pay $1.4 billion to Exxon Mobil Corp for confiscating company assets during a wave of nationalisations. GM says its plant was seized Wednesday in disregard of its right to due process. The company says it will defend itself legally and that it’s confident that justice eventually will prevail. GM has about 2,700 workers in the troubled country, where it’s been the market leader for over 35 years. It also has 79 dealers that employ 3,900 people, and its parts suppliers make up more than half of Venezuela’s auto parts market, the company said. GM, though, hasn’t produced a single car at its plant in the industrial city of Valencia since 2015. Like most carmakers in the oil-producing nation, it has seen production grind to a halt as the cash-strapped Government chokes off its access to dollars needed to import parts and repatriate profits. Nationwide, carmakers assembled just 2,849 cars last year, from a peak of 172,218 vehicles in 2007. Despite Venezuela’s grim outlook, many carmakers have decided to stay put and avoid the drastic step of shutting down operations to avoid losing market share in case the economy dramatically improves or a more business-friendly Government takes power. If the Government permits it, GM workers at the Valencia plant will get separation benefits “arising from the termination of employment relationships due to causes beyond the parties’ control”, the GM statement said. Dealers will continue to service vehicles and provide parts, the company said. GM’s Venezuelan operations have been a drag on earnings for several years. In the second quarter of 2015, the company took a $720 million charge for currency devaluation and asset valuation write-downs as the economy faltered. South American operations, which include Venezuela, account for a relatively small portion of GM’s earnings and sales. Last year the company lost US$400 million before taxes in South America, but as a whole the company made a pre-tax profit of US$12.5 billion. GM sold just over 583,000 vehicles in the region last year, but that was only about six per cent of its total sales. In its 2016 fourth-quarter earnings release, the company said that its South America region “remains challenged from macro-economic and political standpoints”.   ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES CTO wants to position Caribbean as a sustainable tourism region Jamaica has too many public bodies — IMF VAT has potential to make more revenue in the Caribbean — IMF research Jamaica up 7 places in tourism and travel index National moving to reduce sugar content in products Shaw says Microcredit Bill being finalised Digicel launches SIM for Cuba travellers ‘Butch’ Hendrickson’s heaven — white hard dough bread, a cold Red Stripe light and jerk pork What does Jamaica’s strong IMF performance mean? PHOTO: Diaspora workshop GM halts operations in Venezuela after factory is seized Puerto Rico pushes to privatise operation of public services US giant Discovery plans huge Costa Rica eco-resort Why are protests rocking Venezuela now? LoanCirrus lands accounts in 15 nations IMF praises Jamaica for ‘strong performance’ Upgrade for Chocolate Walk factory set for completion in May – JP New research on Caribbean MSMEs Government to review payment arrangements for MSMEs Cash is still king, says BOJ ADVERTISEMENT Poll Do you support the Government's proposed spending of $200 million for Jamaica 55 celebrations? Yes No View Results » ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Business Jobs General Notice Politics | Ask the US Embassy | Clearing Customs | Environment Injured Riu worker to be flown overseas for treatment, mayor says 7:52 PM Tributes and discord one year after Prince death 7:37 PM Gov’t senator proposes property tax amnesty 7:23 PM Weekly Round-up: Retired Olympic athlete Mason dies... Romanian scammer arrested in HWT... Tesha Miller fined $100 7:00 PM Anti-corruption conference next week critical – contractor general 6:47 PM PHOTOS: Jamaica’s World relay team in training 6:21 PM Danville Walker appealing verdict 6:03 PM Windies 244-7 at stumps 5:49 PM NMIA to be closed for maintenance works late Tuesday, early Wednesday 5:32 PM Forex: J$128.91 to one US dollar 5:13 PM McKenzie says investigation being conducted into RIU explosion 4:55 PM JAS wants compensation fund for praedial larceny victims 4:27 PM Chase, Dowrich lead Windies recovery 4:03 PM May Pen Hospital to get radiology centre — Mike Henry 3:56 PM Canadian company given licences to mine for gold, copper in St Catherine 3:37 PM Bolt's potential successor De Grasse happy with attention 3:18 PM US/Jamaica World Relays showdown starts tomorrow 3:00 PM Obama returns Monday 2:55 PM Foreign minister to attend Diaspora conference launches in US 2:40 PM Venezuela death toll soars to 20 in weeks of protests 2:30 PM Mandela Highway traffic changes take effect tomorrow 2:00 PM US Immigration Services wants end to temporary protection for Haitians 1:54 PM J'cans urged to support work of child month committee 1:31 PM Dream debut for Abbas as Windies limp to 71-4 at lunch 1:00 PM Programme launched to train people in 3D Animation 12:39 PM News GM halts operations in Venezuela after factory is seized Friday, April 21, 2017     Tweet DETROIT, USA (AP) —General Motors has stopped doing business in Venezuela after authorities took control of its only factory there in what GM called an illegal judicial seizure of its assets. The plant was confiscated on Wednesday as anti-government protesters clashed with authorities in a country that is roiling in economic troubles such as food shortages and triple-digit inflation. The Detroit automaker said in a statement yesterday that other assets such as vehicles were taken from the plant, causing irreparable damage to the company. It’s not the first time the Venezuelan Government has seized a foreign corporation’s facilities. In July of last year, the Government said it would take a factory belonging to Kimberly-Clark Corp after the US personal care giant said it was no longer possible to manufacture in the crisis-wracked nation due to a lack of materials. President Nicolas Maduro accused Kimberly-Clark of participating in an international plot to damage Venezuela’s economy and said his socialist Government would provide public funds to the workers at the plant. Kimberly-Clark joined Bridgestone, General Mills, Procter & Gamble, Ford Motor Co and other multinational corporations in scaling back operations in Venezuela. In March, a World Bank arbitration panel determined that Venezuela did not have to pay $1.4 billion to Exxon Mobil Corp for confiscating company assets during a wave of nationalisations. GM says its plant was seized Wednesday in disregard of its right to due process. The company says it will defend itself legally and that it’s confident that justice eventually will prevail. GM has about 2,700 workers in the troubled country, where it’s been the market leader for over 35 years. It also has 79 dealers that employ 3,900 people, and its parts suppliers make up more than half of Venezuela’s auto parts market, the company said. GM, though, hasn’t produced a single car at its plant in the industrial city of Valencia since 2015. Like most carmakers in the oil-producing nation, it has seen production grind to a halt as the cash-strapped Government chokes off its access to dollars needed to import parts and repatriate profits. Nationwide, carmakers assembled just 2,849 cars last year, from a peak of 172,218 vehicles in 2007. Despite Venezuela’s grim outlook, many carmakers have decided to stay put and avoid the drastic step of shutting down operations to avoid losing market share in case the economy dramatically improves or a more business-friendly Government takes power. If the Government permits it, GM workers at the Valencia plant will get separation benefits “arising from the termination of employment relationships due to causes beyond the parties’ control”, the GM statement said. Dealers will continue to service vehicles and provide parts, the company said. GM’s Venezuelan operations have been a drag on earnings for several years. In the second quarter of 2015, the company took a $720 million charge for currency devaluation and asset valuation write-downs as the economy faltered. South American operations, which include Venezuela, account for a relatively small portion of GM’s earnings and sales. Last year the company lost US$400 million before taxes in South America, but as a whole the company made a pre-tax profit of US$12.5 billion. GM sold just over 583,000 vehicles in the region last year, but that was only about six per cent of its total sales. In its 2016 fourth-quarter earnings release, the company said that its South America region “remains challenged from macro-economic and political standpoints”.   ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES Walker appealing verdict Work starts on Special Security Operation Zones NEPA urges public to change habits as Jamaica observes Earth Day Gov’t approves transfer of key mining licences to Carube Copper Not satisfied!     Child Month Committee appeals for more support Cumberland High getting help from ministry JIPO marks Intellectual Property Week April 23 to 28 UWI: New chancellor not appointed yet UNDP appoints new administrator CTO wants to position Caribbean as a sustainable tourism region CORRECTION St Lucia lifts ban on corned beef from Brazil 12 killed in Venezuela violence Senior immigration official calls for end to temporary protection for Haitians Attack on eve of French election Respect laws of other countries, foreign minister tells J’cans One killed, four injured in hotel explosion Police release Tesha Miller without charge Too much ‘dilly dallying’ around ganja issue, says minister ADVERTISEMENT Poll Do you support the Government's proposed spending of $200 million for Jamaica 55 celebrations? Yes No View Results » ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Oracle to acquire VC-backed Moat April 20, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Oracle has agreed to acquire Moat, a digital measurement cloud company. No financial terms were disclosed. Moat’s backers included Insight Venture Partners, Mayfield Fund and SV Angel, according to Crunchbase.  PRESS RELEASE REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Oracle today announced that it has signed an agreement to acquire Moat, the fastest-growing digital measurement cloud company. Moat will join Oracle Data Cloud, which uses data and analytics to enhance media for leading marketers and publishers. The combination of Oracle and Moat will connect data to consumer attention for better media experiences and business outcomes. Moat will remain an independent platform within Oracle Data Cloud, providing trusted measurement, analytics, and intelligence to the world’s largest brands including Nestle, Procter & Gamble, and Unilever, and leading publishers such as ESPN, Facebook, NBCUniversal, Snapchat, and YouTube. Moat’s enterprise client base and industry-leading attention analytics and intelligence suite provide a strong complement to Oracle Data Cloud’s audience targeting and measurement solutions. “I am thrilled to welcome CEO Jonah Goodhart and the entire Moat team to Oracle Data Cloud,” said Eric Roza, SVP and GM of Oracle Data Cloud. “Moat has grown its attention analytics business by over 100% in the past year, providing actionable insights around viewability, brand safety, non-human traffic, and ad creative to over 600 publisher, brand and agency clients. With the Moat acquisition, Oracle Data Cloud now offers brands and publishers a full suite of targeting and measurement solutions to improve the outcome of virtually every type of digital advertising campaign.” “It is with great enthusiasm that we join forces with Oracle Data Cloud,” said Jonah Goodhart, CEO and Co-Founder of Moat. “When Oracle approached us about working together, we began to see the huge potential to jointly drive innovation. At our core, we believe there is an opportunity to fundamentally improve marketing and storytelling by brands and publishers through better data and analytics.” More information about this announcement is available at www.oracle.com/moat. About Oracle Oracle offers a comprehensive and fully integrated stack of cloud applications and platform services. For more information about Oracle (NYSE: ORCL), visit oracle.com. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Blackstone agrees to hand over Jack Wolfskin to lenders: Reuters by Reuters News Private Equity Jobs of the Week: BlackRock, Goldman Sachs, Thrivent are hiring by Eamon Murphy VC-backed StartUp Health recruits ex-GE Capital MD as CFO by Iris Dorbian General Atlantic invests in Torchy’s Tacos by Iris Dorbian Platinum Equity to acquire American Traffic Solutions by Iris Dorbian Insight Venture Partners to buy majority stake in Zyme by Iris Dorbian JMP Securities appoints Slader as M&A head by Iris Dorbian Vista to buy Market Track from Aurora by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Baby Personal Care Products Global Market Size, Share, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Analysis of Top Key Player and Forecast to 2022 “Global Baby Personal Care Products Market” This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies In this report, the global Baby Personal Care Products market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Baby Personal Care Products in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1180945-global-baby-personal-care-products-market-research-report-2017 Global Baby Personal Care Products market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Procter & Gamble Unilever Johnson & Johnson Avon L’Oreal Kimberly-Clark Beiersdorf Bonpoint Burt’s Bees Marks & Spencer Nivea Asda Group Oral B Laboratories Alliance Boots On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Hair Care Products Skin Care Products Toiletries Fragrances Convenience Products Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Baby Personal Care Products for each application, including Supermarkets Convenience Stores Exclusive Shops Online Stores Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1180945-global-baby-personal-care-products-market-research-report-2017 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Research Report 2017 1 Baby Personal Care Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Baby Personal Care Products 1.2 Baby Personal Care Products Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Hair Care Products 1.2.4 Skin Care Products 1.2.5 Toiletries 1.2.6 Fragrances 1.2.7 Convenience Products 1.2.8 Others 1.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Segment by Application 1.3.1 Baby Personal Care Products Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Supermarkets 1.3.3 Convenience Stores 1.3.4 Exclusive Shops 1.3.5 Online Stores 1.4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Baby Personal Care Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Baby Personal Care Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Baby Personal Care Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Baby Personal Care Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Baby Personal Care Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1180945 Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: New York City State: NY Country: United States Website: www.wiseguyreports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Family & Parenting, Manufacturing & Industry, Society & Culture Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Auto Stock Roundup: Harley-Davidson Q1 Earnings Beat, GM, Honda to Launch Electric Vehicles in China Next PostNext Notable Thursday Option Activity: FL, SHW, BBY Search Recent Posts LGI Homes to Host 2017 First Quarter Conference Call Santo Mining Corp (SANP: OTC Pink No Information) | Company Video General Automotive Co. (GNAU: OTC Pink Current) | MDCorp Executes LOI to Acquire European Distribution Business General Automotive Co. (GNAU: OTC Pink Current) | Research Report Antifungal Drugs Market Poised to Expand at a Robust Pace over 2016 – 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Global Sheet Mask Market Analysis and Industry Research Report to 2022 Detailed analysis of the Global Sheet Mask Market helps to understand the various types of Sheet Mask products that are currently in use, along with the variants that would gain prominence in the future. The major players in global Sheet Mask market include L’Oreal, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, P&G, Unilever, Avon, Johnson & Johnson, AmorePacific, LVMH, Kose, Mentholatum, Mary Kay, Leaders Clinic, MAGIC, Inoherb, Herborist, A.S.Watson, Jinko, Sisder, Sewame,. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-sheet-mask-market-research-report-2017 . On the basis of product, the Sheet Mask market is primarily split into Silk Sheet Mask Cotton Sheet Mask Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Mixed Fabric Sheet Mask Biological Fiber Sheet Mask Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Supermarket/Hypermarket Retail Store Department Store Online Sales Others Equiry Before Buying This Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/248334 . Some Points from Table of Contents: Chapter One: Sheet Mask Market Overview 1.1 Sheet Mask Product Overview 1.2 Sheet Mask Segment by Types (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales and Growth (%) Comparison by Types (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Sheet Mask Sales Market Share (%) by Types (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Silk Sheet Mask 1.2.4 Cotton Sheet Mask 1.2.5 Polyester fiber Sheet Mask 1.2.6 Mixed Fabric Sheet Mask 1.2.7 Biological Fiber Sheet Mask 1.3 Global Sheet Mask Segment by Applications 1.3.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) Comparison by Applications (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Supermarket/Hypermarket 1.3.3 Retail Store 1.3.4 Department Store 1.3.5 Online Sales 1.3.6 Others 1.4 Global Sheet Mask Market by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Sheet Mask Market Size and Growth (%) Comparison by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 South America Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Middle East and Africa Sheet Mask Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Sheet Mask Market Size (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Chapter Two: Global Sheet Mask Market Competition by Manufacturers/Brand 2.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Sheet Mask Average Price (USD/Piece) by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Sheet Mask Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types 2.5 Sheet Mask Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Sheet Mask Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Sheet Mask Market Share (%) of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Chapter Three: Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.7 Asia-Pacific Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 3.8 South America Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Middle East and Africa Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Piece) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) Chapter Four: Global Sheet Mask Sales, Revenue, Price Trend by Types 4.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Sheet Mask Revenue and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 4.3 Global Sheet Mask Price (USD/Piece) by Type (2012-2017) 4.4 Global Sheet Mask Sales Growth by Type (2012-2017) Chapter Five: Global Sheet Mask Market Analysis by Applications 5.1 Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Piece) and Market Share (%) by Applications (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Sheet Mask Sales Growth Rate (%) by Applications (2012-2017) ….Continued Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/248334 . CategoriesUncategorized TagsConstruction Market, global sheet mask industry 2017, global sheet mask industry 2022, global sheet mask market, Google News, Orbisresearch, satPRnews, Sheet Mask Market, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cannabis Sativa, Inc. Launches Hi Honey at Hempcon 420 Freedom Fest, Ibudtender Subsidiary is Official Voting Platform Next PostNext Latest update on Asia Pacific Recruitment Market with Forecast 2021 Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Pet Food Ingredients Market Sales Driven by Surge in Pet Owners with Forecast Analysis During 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/21/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has lately declared the inclusion of a brand new report to its ever-growing online repository of market intelligence. This fresh report is titled as „Pet Food Ingredients Market – Global Industry Size, Market Share, Trends, Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2024”. This well-researched report on the growing pet food ingredients market imparts several key highlights. Firstly, it discloses a full analysis of the markets backdrop, which also contains an evaluation of the primary market. Request For Sample Report@ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/1974 Furthermore, buyers can gain the better advantage by knowing the main modifications in the present market dynamics. Interestingly, the study goes a step ahead by revealing the market segmentation until the third level. The projected, current, and historical capacity of the market from the stance of value and volume, are also elaborated neatly in this research study. Likewise, the evaluations of present sector advancements are expected to increase the buyer’s overall advantage. Secondly, the geographical extent of this growing sector is informed by the report through analysis of the key regions, such as North America, APAC, Europe and Rest of the World. The research further explains a primary reason for this sudden boom in the sector, which includes rising need for high-quality diets from pet owners. According to the study, one of the main contributing factors to this need is the rise in the number of pets. Interestingly, the study also explains the main hindrances within the sector. For instance, the risk of diseases and infections spreading through pets are few of the chief business-hindering factors that are exposed. Rise in disposable income in developing economies is building new perceptions towards raising pets. The engaging research mentions about the other segments which dominate the pet food ingredients market such as the animal derivatives segment. To enable young entrepreneurs in this sector, the study reveals exciting analysis of the leading players that include: Marc Inc. Colgate-Palmolive Co. Nestle S.A. Procter & Gamble Co. Agrolimen SA Nutriara Alimentos Ltda. Finally, to add precise knowledge, the report exposes key insights, historical data, and verifiable projections on the market size. According to the study, these projections are derived using elaborate research probabilities as well as techniques. The buyer gains the timely advantage in this market by reading critical data about the following topics: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends Opportunities Challenges Browse Full Global Pet Food Ingredients Market Report with TOC : http://www.mrrse.com/pet-food-ingredients-market About Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.  MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Market Study on Guerbet Alcohols: 2-Octyldodecanol Product Industry Report 2016 and 2024 Next PostNext Global Market Study on Kidney Dialysis Equipment: Latin America Expected to Emerge the Third Attractive Regional Market Search Recent Posts LGI Homes to Host 2017 First Quarter Conference Call Santo Mining Corp (SANP: OTC Pink No Information) | Company Video General Automotive Co. (GNAU: OTC Pink Current) | MDCorp Executes LOI to Acquire European Distribution Business General Automotive Co. (GNAU: OTC Pink Current) | Research Report Antifungal Drugs Market Poised to Expand at a Robust Pace over 2016 – 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Baby Diapers Market in India and China is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 8.1% from 2016 to 2023 to cross the US$ 10 Bn mark : CR Report “CR Logo” New Market Research Reports Title “Baby Diapers Market (Product – Cloth Diapers, Disposable Diapers, Training Nappies, Swim Pants) – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2023 ” Has Been Added to Credenceresearch.com Report Database. According to a new market research report published by Credence Research “Baby Diapers Market (Product – Cloth Diapers, Disposable Diapers, Training Nappies, Swim Pants) – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2023”, the baby diapers market in India and China is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 8.1% from 2016 to 2023 to cross the US$ 10 Bn mark. Browse the full report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/india-and-china-baby-diapers-market Market Insights: India and China represent the largest markets, in terms of consumer base and volume, for different consumer products. The era of using traditional cloth diapers is rapidly exiting, especially in India and China, thereby driving the overall baby diapers market growth. The baby diapers market in countries such as China and India is majorly driven by the strong birth rate in the countries as compared to the rest of the world. Another major factor fueling the market growth is the rising awareness regarding baby care and other health issues. With the increasing discretionary income, people here tend to spend more over baby care products such as diapers, food and formula products. This has led to emergence of large consumer base in the countries thereby driving various global players in the two markets. One of the most significant factors positively influencing the market is the rising urbanization across the two countries. Increasing number of female workforce in the countries has led to rise in need for baby care convenience. Using baby diapers largely becomes convenient for such parents thereby fueling the market growth. As a result, adoption of baby diapers and other baby care products has risen substantially in the countries in the past few years. In terms of adoption rate, India leads the India and China baby diapers market. China, however, is estimated to register high growth during the forecast period with the growing inclination towards convenient baby care products. Competitive Insights: The baby diapers market in India and China is consolidated in nature with a few major players contributing to more than fifty percent of the total market revenue. In India, companies such as Procter & Gamble (P&G) Company, Kimberly-Clark Corporation and Unicharm Corporation grab the highest share, in terms of volume and revenue. In order to tap the huge consumer base, these companies focus on providing price competitive products and attractive packaging and marketing. Another major area of focus for the baby diaper manufacturers is attractive packaging of the products. Attractive packaging plays crucial role in case of baby products as it largely helps driving the consumers. This makes attractive packaging is one of the most important strategies adopted by the baby diaper manufacturers. Further, due to rising penetration of online retail in the overall Asia Pacific region, companies are now increasingly promoting their products online so as to capture the consumer base.  Key Trends: Baby diapers using advanced superabsorbent material Focus on India and China by launching price competitive products Online product promotion Brand-name promotion Browse the full report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/india-and-china-baby-diapers-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/57965 Comapany: http://www.credenceresearch.com Blog: http://www.globalpharmaindustry.com/ Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research, Inc Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/india-and-china-baby-diapers-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Retail, Services, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hydraulic Thermoplastic Hose and Couplings market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 4.7% from 2015 to 2022, Credence Research Next PostNext High Altitude Platforms Market 2015-2022 by segmentation based on product, application and region- Credence Research Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Robotics Market Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 4G LTE Industry Analysis and Global 2027 Future Outlook Mattis, Israeli Prime Minister Discuss Security Issues Mattis Praises America’s Security Partnership With Israel Leader in the Field of Swallowing Disorders Reflects on Her Groundbreaking Career Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Ultrasonic Dryer Cuts Drying Time In Half Ada AI is Your Personal, Mobile Physician Apple Pledges to Quit Using Mined Metals in Its Devices Google Photos Update Stabilizes Shaky Videos More MovieBob Reviews: FREE FIRE (2017) Spider-Man Will Stick Around, Captain Marvel Gets Director & More MCU News 11 Movies We Want To See On The Next Season Of MST3K There’s a Kickstarter Campaign for a Wet Hot American Summer Table... More Hands-On: Prey 2017 is Every Video Game Except Prey 2006 Switch Games That Aren’t Zelda: Mr. Shifty Game of the Year: Lords of Cannabis I Want VR Szechuan Sauce in Rick and Morty Simulator More How to Celebrate ‘Doctor Who’ Comics Day ‘Doctor Who’ Underrated Villain of the Week: Midnight Entity Fox Still Wants to Believe: The X-Files Gets an 11th Season Rumor: First Doctor To Return for Christmas Special More Comics For Fans of HBO’s Silicon Valley ‘Everyone Is Special’ In Tenth Doctor Comic Tale Buy This Comic! Batman #21 Pregame for ‘Doctor Who’ Premiere with New Comic Tales More The Best Dragon Ball Z Funko Pops! Rick and Morty Szechuan Sauce Sells for Thousands, Nothing Matters This New Kirby Fashion Line Is Everything The Complete Round Up of the Star Wars Celebration More Tech Ultrasonic Dryer Cuts Drying Time In Half By Lee Mathews 04.21.2017 :: 3:00PM EDT Most clothes dryers work the same way. An element heats the air, a drum spins, and gravity pulls clothes down through the heated air to dry them. It’s been doing the job for decades, but it’s not a terribly efficient system. Fortunately, a team of researchers have come up with a much cooler system (in both senses of the word). Their experimental new dryer blasts clothes with ultrasound to effectively shake moisture off them. The average load of laundry can be dried in about 20 minutes. That’s not the only way the ultrasonic dryer improves on today’s designs, either. It’s much more energy-efficient. How much more? The team at Oak Ridge National Laboratory says that it uses about one-fifth the power of a conventional dryer. A 45-minute drying cycle today will cost you somewhere around 40 cents. In the ultrasonic dryer, that same load would only cost about 8 cents. Over the lifespan of the average dryer, that would add up to considerable savings. The folks at Procter & Gamble say the average American family washes around 300 loads of laundry every year. If they’re putting every one of those loads into the dryer, an ultrasonic dryer would save them almost a hundred bucks a year. There’s one more benefit that’s worth mentioning. The ultrasonic dryer is also much more gentle on clothing, so you’ll be spending less money on energy and clothes once you own one of these scientific marvels. With all the money you’re saving, you might even be able to afford one of those clothes-folding robots! Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit dryers laundry ultrasonic ultrasound Speak Your Mind More in Tech 04.21.2017 :: 1:30PM EDT :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Ada AI is Your Personal, Mobile Physician Tech 04.21.2017 :: 9:00AM EDT :: Lee Mathews Tech Apple Pledges to Quit Using Mined Metals in Its Devices Tech 04.21.2017 :: 8:00AM EDT :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Google Photos Update Stabilizes Shaky Videos Tech 04.20.2017 :: 5:15PM EDT :: Lee Mathews Tech An Old Coal Mine May Become The Largest Solar Farm In Kentucky Tech 04.20.2017 :: 10:00AM EDT :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Self-Driving Cars Learn From the Best: GTA V Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Hands-On: Prey 2017 is Every Video Game Except Prey 2006 Games 04.21.2017 :: 5:15PM EDT How to Celebrate 'Doctor Who' Comics Day Television 04.21.2017 :: 4:30PM EDT The Best Dragon Ball Z Funko Pops! Culture 04.21.2017 :: 3:45PM EDT 'Doctor Who' Underrated Villain of the Week: Midnight Entity Television More © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise Accessibility Statement unused
Teeth Whitening Market - Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global teeth whitening market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global teeth whitening market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 21, 2017 05:23 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio analysts forecast the global teeth whitening market to grow at a CAGR of almost 4% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. The research study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the global teeth whitening market for 2017-2021. The analysts have presented the various facets of the market with a particular focus on identifying the key industry influencers. The use of teeth whitening products among individuals is limited in developing and under-developed nations due to high price and lack of awareness. However, an increase in education levels, especially in rural population has led to a rise in adoption of teeth whitening products. The market is growing at a steady rate as the teeth whitening products are easily available in most parts of the world and is increasingly becoming popular with the desire to have a good physical appearance. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio analysts highlight the following three factors that are contributing to the growth of the global teeth whitening market: Rising demand for cosmetic dentistry The desire to have white and clear teeth induces consumers to buy teeth whitening products. Previously, endeavors to help the appearance of teeth were limited to straightening crooked teeth. Currently, advanced whitening products are available that can enhance the appearance of teeth by removing stains and treating discolorations. Cosmetic dentistry is one such dental service to have gained popularity over a period. Amber Chourasia, a lead health and wellness research analyst at Technavio, says, “Teeth whitening products have helped in elevating the aesthetic appeal of users as it helps in clearing deep and surface stains on the teeth and allows to change the natural tooth color, by five to seven shades brighter. The use of teeth whitening products such as whitening toothpastes, whitening strips, and whitening trays help in maintaining brighter teeth.” Emerging consumerism through digital and social media Globally, there has been a shift among the general population from wanting to be considered as 'patients' to now viewing themselves as healthcare "consumers" with alternating behaviors, expectations, and needs. Consumers are becoming more selective in healthcare purchases and are seeking value for their spending. Studies across the world have started to indicate that consumers are ready to become more active, informed decision makers who spend a considerable amount to shop for the best products in terms of quality and price. “Consumers are increasingly using digital and social media but it is still not being used to its complete potential as a significant portion of the population is still not utilizing it. Hence, the vendors should focus on digital and social media marketing to increase product visibility, thereby leading to a strong online brand image that would translate into sales,” adds Amber. Approvals from dental associations and recommendations from doctors In the past two decades, the American Dental Association (ADA) Council on Scientific Affairs has monitored the development of teeth whitening products. The number of teeth whitening products has gone up exponentially. To increase the adoption of teeth whitening products among consumers, manufacturers are partnering with several dental associations to promote the advantages of using the teeth whitening products. Approval from such dental associations encourages customers to invest in teeth whitening products for enhancing their appearance. Manufacturers are also taking this opening to market these products by adding such associations' approvals to the products' labels. Recommendations from dentists for using teeth whitening products are also aiding to increase the demand from consumers. Top vendors: Colgate-Palmolive GlaxoSmithKline Johnson & Johnson P&G Browse Related Reports: Global Tattoo Removal Market 2017-2021 Global Dental Floss Market 2017-2021 Global Chiropractic Care Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like lab equipment, outdoor gear, and agriculture equipment. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio analysts forecast the global teeth whitening market to grow at a CAGR of almost 4% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. #Hashtags #Technavio #HealthandWellness #teethwhitening #Research Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Fatty Acid Esters Global Market Research Methodology, Research Scope Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Fatty Acid Esters Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 21, 2017 ) The Global Fatty Acid Esters market is estimated at $1.89 billion in 2015 and is poised to reach $2.5 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 4.0%. The factors that are driving the market growth include rising obesity, increasing demand in food industry and rising concerns relating to fitness and beauty. However, volatility in raw material prices is inhibiting the market. In 2015, Glyceryl monostearates segment commanded the largest market with a share of above 35%. However, isopropyl palmitate is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Also, the cosmetics and personal care products is estimated to be the fastest growing application in the fatty acid esters market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/fatty-acid-esters-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 In 2015, North America commanded the global market led by the increasing demand for personal care products and cosmetics. Asia Pacific is witnessing the fastest growth over the past few years owing to increasing demand for fatty acid esters in foods and cosmetics and the growth is expected to continue over the forecast period. Some of the key players in the market include Fine Organics, Cargill Inc., Estelle Chemicals, Procter & Gamble (P&G) Chemicals, Evonik Industries, E.I. DuPont de Nemours, KLK Oleo, World Chem Industries, Oleon NV, The Seydel Co. Inc. and Faci Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. Products Covered: - Glyceryl monostearate - Isopropyl palmitate - Medium chain triglyceride oil - Others Applications Covered: - Lubricants - Personal care products - Food - Cosmetics - Pharmaceuticals - Surfactants - Others Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001153335/sample Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 9.1 Fine Organics 9.2 Cargill Inc. 9.3 Estelle Chemicals 9.4 Procter & Gamble (P&G) Chemicals 9.5 Evonik Industries 9.6 E.I. DuPont de Nemours 9.7 KLK Oleo 9.8 World Chem Industries 9.9 Oleon NV 9.10 The Seydel Co. Inc 9.11 Faci Asia Pacific Pte Ltd Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001153335/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Unilever plc Gains Market Share Despite Sluggish Demand The consumer products giant logged faster overall growth to kick off its fiscal 2017. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Apr 21, 2017 at 3:06PM A weak global consumer products industry hasn't made things easy for Unilever (NYSE:UL) lately. In fact, investors witnessed two consecutive declines in its sales growth pace over the final quarters of 2016. But the owner of global brands such as Dove, Hellman's, and Lipton kicked off its fiscal 2017 on a positive note. Despite weakening volume figures, Unilever this week announced faster organic growth and solid progress toward management's long-term profit goals. Here's what investors need to know from Unilever's latest earnings report. What happened this quarter? Overall organic growth sped up slightly to keep the company on track to hit its broader expansion targets. However, executives warned that demand is still weak in many key markets around the world. Image source: Unilever. Highlights of the quarter include: Sales improved at a 2.9% pace to mark a solid acceleration over the prior quarter's 2.2% gain. Growth was broad-based, with each of its main product divisions expanding. While it aims for volume-led growth, Unilever's expansion this quarter was entirely dependent on rising prices as volume slipped and prices jumped by 3%. The refreshment business, home to the Ben & Jerry's and Magnum ice cream brands, was the best performer with 5.4% sales gains. The foods segment fared the worst, but still managed nearly 2% organic sales growth. Geographically speaking, Unilever endured declining volumes in the U.S. and Europe thanks to weak demand and competitive challenges. Emerging markets posted solid gains. The company raised its dividend by 12%, compared to a 6% boost in the prior year. What management had to say CEO Paul Polman focused on the fact that Unilever soaked up market share despite a tough selling environment. "The first quarter shows growth once more ahead of our markets," he said in a press release. "This reflects our continued investment in both innovations and brand support," Polman continued, "and reconfirms the strength of our long term sustainable compounding growth model." Image source: Unilever investor presentation. Executives stated that the consumer products market outlook was improving, but that overall demand is still weak. "Market conditions remain challenging," they said. "In the markets in which we operate growth was around 2% with negative volumes." Looking forward Polman and his team still believe they'll soak up market share in 2017. Specifically, they see organic sales growth stopping at between 3% and 5% for the full year, which should keep the company just ahead of Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) and Kimberly-Clark, which are expecting to grow 2% each in the current fiscal year. Unilever's longer-term goals target reaching operating margin of 20% by 2020 -- up from 15% last year. That includes a 0.8-percentage-point improvement in fiscal 2017 alone. By comparison, P&G is one of the most profitable companies in the industry with operating margin of 21% over the past year. To reach that aggressive target, Unilever plans to cut costs, especially in its foods and refreshment businesses. Major portfolio changes are in the works, too, including the divestment of the spreads brands and more acquisitions along the lines of its recent purchase of Dollar Shave Club. In addition to profit margins, investors will want to keep a close eye on organic growth trends over the next few quarters. While it's good news that Unilever sped up its expansion pace to start the year, consistent gains will require a rebound in volume growth that simply hasn't happened yet. That figure improved by 2% in 2015 and by less than 1% last year, before falling to a slight decrease so far in 2017. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Apr 21, 2017 at 3:06PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.62 down $0.71 (-0.79%) Unilever NYSE:UL $50.10 down $0.34 (-0.67%) Read More Why Unilever PLC Stock Popped Today Forget Procter & Gamble Co: Here Are 2 Better Dividend Stocks Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks Earnings Extravaganza with Unilever, Luxottica, and Time Warner Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Unilever plc Gains Market Share Despite Sluggish Demand @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $UL
Discover: Natural Products Expo Engredea Esca Bona NEXT Store Delicious Living More Menu Log In or Register News Products and Trends Market Data and Analysis Ingredients Health and Nutrition Research People and Company Profiles Business Resources Natural Products Expo Engredea Esca Bona NEXT Store Delicious Living Subscribe to NBJ Newsletters About Us Contact Advertise Standards Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Building healthier farms, healthier people Apr 21, 2017 Two companies seize a single venue for consumer health education: the grocery aisle Apr 21, 2017 Gaia Herbs makes transparency a part of the corporate identity Apr 21, 2017 [email protected] : Tom's of Maine founder tries local, sustainably sourced clothing | Berkeley vs. soda Apr 20, 2017 Sir Kensington's acquired by Hellmann's mayonnaise maker Unilever Apr 20, 2017 education Feed your mind with the Natural Products Expo West conference session videos. Featured 9 practices retailers can adopt to reduce food waste Apr 06, 2017 What the recent ruling against Hi-Tech really tells us Apr 06, 2017 The problem with low-fat, low-sugar and low-salt claims Apr 03, 2017 [email protected] : Fair trade comes to U.S. farms | Startups build a market for upcycled food Apr 19, 2017 News This week: Vital Proteins adds to collagen collection | Biova appoints new CEO New product launches, certifications, hires and appointments, and other natural products company news this week. Apr 21, 2017 Vital Proteins launched USDA Organic powdered bone broth. Beef Bone Broth Collagen (grass-fed, pasture-raised and unflavored) and Chicken Bone Broth Collagen (free-range and unflavored) are single ingredient products that showcase the ever-evolving innovation of Vital Proteins' clean label collagen collection. Bone Broth Collagen (touting 9 grams of collagen per serving) is extracted from USDA organic grass-fed, pasture-raised or free-range bones that are simmered slowly. Unflavored and soluble in hot liquids, these expertly crafted bone broth powders are the perfect addition to any savory dish or drink. This spring/summer, the brand's collection of clean collagen nutrition will continue to expand with a trio of spa-inspired Collagen Beauty Waters, a pro series performance line and its first foray into vegetarian-friendly products. Protein smoothie company B'more Organic announced distribution expansion into three retailers on the East Coast—Ingles' Market, Weis Market and Top's Friendly Markets. B'more Organics is a certified B Corporation that makes Icelandic-style yogurt protein smoothies with up to 40 grams of protein, no added sugar and probiotic cultures in each bottle. Ground-Based Nutrition released a new certified organic, 100 percent plant-based preworkout formula. The organic preworkout formula has 25 key plant-based ingredients designed to fuel performance, increase energy, and enhance focus and stamina. It delivers clean fuel with organic caffeine from green coffee bean, organic green tea and organic matcha tea, along with a nitric oxide blend from organic pomegranate juice, organic red beet juice and organic red beet root. It has an organic strength and endurance blend with ingredients from organic maca, organic Siberian ginseng, organic ashwagandha, organic rhodiola rosea, among others, and an alkalizing and digestive health blend from organic green grasses and organic ginger. Pat Schneider is the new chief executive officer at Biova LLC, a leader in water-soluble egg membrane ingredients. She has more than 35 years in the consumer health and wellness products industry and a strong background in leading existing business units, opening new markets and launching products globally for organizations including: P&G, J&J, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Bayer, Herbalife, Metagenics, Twinlab and Nelson Bach. Anlit Ltd. launched a high DHA+EPA omega-3 supplement. It's a fun, chocolate-flavored, fish-shaped single-serving chew containing 90 mg of EPA and 60 mg of DHA for a total of 150 mg of omega-3 fatty acids per single unit. L Glutathione is the body’s natural defense against everyday stresses, environmental toxins and illness that take their toll on skin, mental clarity and energy. Vitasome, innovators of patented liposomal nutrient delivery, has developed Bioavailable Glutasome, a liposome powder supplement using Setria L-Glutathione. Each powder packet capsule contains 250 mg of Setria L-Glutathione, a well-studied and unique form of L-Glutathione that is stable when exposed to stomach acid for enhanced absorption. It provides intracellular antioxidant support, benefits cellular detoxification, and supports a healthy immune response. TAGS: General 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related [email protected] : Double-digit growth for organic farm certification | Top causes of foodborne illnessApr 22, 2017 Farm Bill debate firing up in the countryside, but we all have a stakeApr 21, 2017 [email protected] : Tom's of Maine founder tries local, sustainably sourced clothing | Berkeley vs. sodaApr 21, 2017 [email protected] : Fair trade comes to U.S. farms | Startups build a market for upcycled foodApr 20, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Advertise Standards Graphics Center Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Google Linkedin Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Google is definitely building an ad blocker in Chrome - but it's not as bad as advertisers feared Michelle Castillo | @mishcastillo 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images Larry Page Earlier this week, the advertising industry was alarmed at a report that suggested Google was developing an ad blocker for its Chrome browser. The report, it turns out, is partially true. Google is thinking about making the ad-blocker – and has discussed the idea with others in the advertising industry — but the end-product might not be as threatening as it first sounded. Google has talked with the Coalition for Better Ads — an ad industry trade group — regarding an ad blocking feature on its Chrome browser, several sources told CNBC. Theoretically, it would work similarly to Chrome's update in 2015 that blocked all ads that used Adobe Flash technology, and would not discriminate if the ad was placed by Google's ad exchanges or another competing service, a source said. But if it becomes a reality, the end product would likely be very friendly towards advertisers and media companies, and adhere to industry standards that are currently being hashed out, said Coalition for Better Ads' counsel Stu Ingis. Those standards are likely to be determined in the next six months to a year, Ingis said. Ingis said calling the proposed product an "ad blocker" isn't strictly accurate. "To me an 'ad blocker' is a company blocking ads and eliminating the consumer interest in experience without any dialogue with these [advertising and publisher] companies," said Ingis. "I would view anything that is adopting this type of standard process set forth by the industry based on the consumer research as not an 'ad blocker.'" If Google does decide to make the Chrome feature, the goal would be to provide users with choice and options about their online experience, a Google spokesperson said. Google agreed that it would also be in line with guidelines set by the advertising industry. "We've said publicly for awhile now that Google alone cannot solve the bad experiences users have online — we need a data-driven industry approach to improving ads experiences," a Google spokesperson said. "As a member of the [Coalition], we've been talking to a number industry associations, publishers, advertisers and other technology companies about the development of the Better Ads Standard. One option we're exploring is how Chrome could help support this Standard. We can't confirm any additional details or timing right now." The Coalition is creating guidelines to improve the online ad experience with input from its members, which include Facebook, News Corp., Procter & Gamble and Unilever, as well as agencies like Group M and Omnicom. The organization is also including information from its 25,000-person survey on what they disliked about online advertising. Google has been a "very collaborative participant," Ingis added. But the ad industry's worries aren't completely soothed, and agencies say there are still unanswered questions. IPG Mediabrands senior vice president of ad operations Mitch Weinstein pointed out several potential conflicts-of-interest. Would the service would only allow ads served (or placed on websites) through Google's owned-and-operated services? Would YouTube ads would be blocked if watched through a Chrome browser? "[There's] a lot of questions on this, but it could potentially be a very big deal," he said. Google has no plans to exempt itself, a source with knowledge of project said. Slow-loading websites, inaccessible content, and cluttered webpages have made many people hate online advertising, Weinstein said. At the same time, ads are a necessary part of the ecosystem because it's a major source of revenue for online publishers. IPG Mediabrands is also working with several organizations to make sure its ads are "lighter and less intrusive," to keep customers happy. Advertisers are always concerned when they hear the words "ad blocker," said BBH communications planner Zach Green. But if Google creates its own with everyone's input, it could be an big win for them. The company could develop its own ad format that wouldn't be blocked, Green pointed out. It would also force the entire industry to think more "creatively" to find ways to weave ads into content, he added. "Google is giving people what they want, but it's also may be a place for Google to come up with their own bespoke in-line ad opportunities," he said. Watch: How to spot a legitimate ad blocker show chapters How to spot a legitimate ad blocker    Friday, 9 Oct 2015 | 4:16 PM ET | 03:22 Michelle CastilloReporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Eyeliners Global Market 2017 Key Players: L’OREAL, Esteelauder, Procter & Gamble, LVMH, Shiseido, Revlon and more Eyeliners Market 2017 Report Details: Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Eyeliners Market -Market Size, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. This report studies Eyeliners in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering L’OREAL Esteelauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Shiseido Christian Dior Amorepacific Group CHANEL Jordana Cosmetics Revlon SISLEY Jane Iredale KATE Almay Phydicians Formula VOV Marykay Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Bleunuit Request for Sample report @  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1206050-global-eyeliners-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Liquid Eyeliner Powder-Based Eye Pencil? Wax-Based Eye Pencils? Kohl Eyeliner Gel Eye Liner By Application, the market can be split into Women Males for Purpose Like Fashion Girls By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Key Points in Table of Content: Global Eyeliners Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Eyeliners 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Eyeliners 1.1.1 Definition of Eyeliners 1.1.2 Specifications of Eyeliners 1.2 Classification of Eyeliners 1.2.1 Liquid Eyeliner 1.2.2 Powder-Based Eye Pencil? 1.2.3 Wax-Based Eye Pencils? 1.2.4 Kohl Eyeliner 1.2.5 Gel Eye Liner 1.3 Applications of Eyeliners 1.3.1 Women 1.3.2 Males for Purpose Like Fashion 1.3.3 Girls 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India ……….. To get complete report visit@   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1206050-global-eyeliners-market-professional-survey-report-2017 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Eyeliners 8.1 L’OREAL 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 L’OREAL 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 L’OREAL 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Esteelauder 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Esteelauder 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Esteelauder 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Procter & Gamble 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Procter & Gamble 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Procter & Gamble 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 LVMH 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 LVMH 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 LVMH 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Shiseido 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Shiseido 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Shiseido 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Christian Dior 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Christian Dior 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Christian Dior 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Amorepacific Group 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Amorepacific Group 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Amorepacific Group 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 CHANEL 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 CHANEL 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 CHANEL 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Jordana Cosmetics 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Jordana Cosmetics 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Jordana Cosmetics 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Revlon 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Revlon 2016 Eyeliners Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Revlon 2016 Eyeliners Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 SISLEY 8.12 Jane Iredale 8.13 KATE 8.14 Almay 8.15 Phydicians Formula 8.16 VOV 8.17 Marykay 8.18 Marie Dalgar 8.19 Carslan 8.20 Flamingo 8.21 Bleunuit Continued…             Buy this report @   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1206050 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT                Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com  Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym     CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Eyeliners, Eyeliners Industry, Eyeliners Industry Trends, Eyeliners Manufacturers, Eyeliners Market, Eyeliners Market Growth, Eyeliners Market Sale, Eyeliners Market Share, Fashio, Fashion, Google News, Lifestyle, Retail, satPRnews, trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious US Imagine Cup finalists create winning apps, from intelligent crop growth to mixed reality Next PostNext Mining Ventilator Market Growth Opportunities, Driving Factors by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2021 Search Recent Posts Jeunesse® Receives Bravo Growth Award and Ranks No. 14 on DSN Global 100 Top 5 Vendors in the Fiberglass Electrical and Electronic Products Market From 2017 to 2021: Technavio Medpod, Inc. to Showcase the Medical Office of the Future at the American Telemedicine Conference in Orlando, April 23 – 25 Alliant Energy Corporation Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call ثلاثة أدوار تلعبها المدن في بناء مستقبل مستدام Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Digital Marketing Spending Market to grow at a CAGR of 8.79% during the Period 2016-2020: Key Vendors are P&G, AT&T, Comcast, Verizon etc. ResearchMoz added Latest Research Report titled ” Global Digital Marketing Spending Market 2016-2020 ” to it’s Large Report database. About Digital Marketing Digital marketing is the most active and the fastest growing marketing technique. The growth can be attributed to global digitalization trend. Every minute, an estimated 650,000 search queries are raised on Google, more than 700 videos are hosted on YouTube, over 700,000 status updates and 500,000 comments are posted on Facebook, over 65,000 tweets are made worldwide, and approximately 180 million e-mails are sent. These figures emphasize the significance of digital media as a marketing tool. Technavios analysts forecast the global digital marketing spending market to grow at a CAGR of 8.79% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global digital marketing spending market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, Technavio analysts have considered expenditure on marketing in digital media. Request for Sample PDF of Premium Research Report with TOC: www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=768178 The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Digital Marketing Spending Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors AT&T Comcast General Motors P&G Verizon Read All Advertising and Marketing Market Research Reports @ www.researchmoz.us/advertising-and-marketing-market-repor… Table of Content PART 01: Executive summary Highlights PART 02: Scope of the report Market overview Base year Vendor segmentation Numerical figures PART 03: Market research methodology Research methodology Economic indicators PART 04: Introduction Key market highlights PART 05: Market landscape Market overview Market size and forecast Five forces analysis PART 06: Market segmentation by type Global digital marketing spending market by type Global digital marketing spending market by search ads Global digital marketing spending market by display ads Global digital marketing spending by social media Global digital marketing spending by e-mail marketing Market attractiveness of digital marketing spending by type PART 07: Market segmentation by device Global digital marketing spending market by device Global digital marketing spending market by desktop computers Global digital marketing spending market by mobile devices About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Ghumare 90 State Street, Albany NY, United States – 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 / Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: bit.ly/1TBmnVG Follow me on Blogger at: deep-research-report.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Aftershave Lotion Market to grow at a CAGR of 7.14% during the Period 2016-2020: Key Vendors such as P&G, J&J, LOreal, Unilever, Beiersdorf etc. Next PostNext Magneto Resistive RAM (MRAM) Industry Set to Show Upsurge With Rise in New Applications Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Aftershave Lotion Market to grow at a CAGR of 7.14% during the Period 2016-2020: Key Vendors such as P&G, J&J, LOreal, Unilever, Beiersdorf etc. ResearchMoz added Latest Research Report titled ” Global Aftershave Lotion Market 2016-2020 ” to it’s Large Report database. About Aftershave Lotion Aftershave lotion helps heal the infection of cuts during the shave and reduce skin irritation as well as prevent damage to the skin. It also moisturizes the skin. Dry shaving and wet shaving are the two types of shaving. Dry shaving is the process of shaving without using water or any shaving creams and foams. On the other hand, wet shaving is the traditional process of shaving with the use of water, shaving creams, soaps, and foams. Aftershave lotions are mainly used after a wet shave. Technavios analysts forecast the global aftershave lotion market to grow at a CAGR of 7.14% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global aftershave lotion market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of aftershave lotions by vendors. Request for Sample PDF of Premium Research Report with TOC: www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=768177 The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC Europe MEA Technavio’s report, Global Aftershave Lotion Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors Beiersdorf Johnson & Johnson (J&J) LOreal P&G Unilever Read All Retail Market Research Reports @ www.researchmoz.us/retail-market-reports-137.html Table of Content PART 01: Executive summary Highlights PART 02: Scope of the report Top-vendor offerings PART 03: Market research methodology Research methodology Economic indicators PART 04: Introduction Key market highlights PART 05: Market landscape Market overview Market size and forecast Five forces analysis PART 06: Market segmentation by product type Global aftershave balms, moisturizers, and gels market Global aftershave splash market PART 07: Market segmentation by retail format PART 08: Geographical segmentation Aftershave lotion market in Europe Aftershave lotion market in Americas Aftershave lotion market in APAC Aftershave lotion market in MEA PART 09: Key leading countries About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Ghumare 90 State Street, Albany NY, United States – 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 / Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: bit.ly/1TBmnVG Follow me on Blogger at: deep-research-report.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious At a CAGR of 12.36%, Data Center Colocation Market in the US will grow steadily during 2016-2020: Key Vendors are Equinix, Century Link, Global Switch etc. Next PostNext Global Digital Marketing Spending Market to grow at a CAGR of 8.79% during the Period 2016-2020: Key Vendors are P&G, AT&T, Comcast, Verizon etc. Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump scoffs at 100-day mark as ‘ridiculous standard’ Conservative groups open to new Obamacare repeal push How Trump Blew Up the Conservative Media State Dept. official reassigned amid conservative media attacks White House demands disrupt shutdown negotiations Washington Goes Up in Smoke Politico Morning Tech A daily download of technology news from Washington and Silicon Valley Get the Morning Tech Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Techies lobby on travel ban By Li Zhou 04/21/17 10:00 AM EDT With help from Margaret Harding McGill, Nancy Scola and Alex Guillen TECHIES LOBBY ON TRAVEL BAN — Through their lobbying efforts, multiple tech companies took direct aim at President Donald Trump’s executive orders on immigration including the travel ban curbing the influx of Syrian refugees and travelers from several Muslim-majority countries, according to first-quarter filings. Google and Facebook were among the tech companies that dedicated part of their lobbying spend to addressing Trump’s travel ban, while Yahoo and Salesforce also lobbied on executive actions related to immigration. High-skilled immigration, tax reform, Privacy Shield, Copyright Office modernization and some of the other usual suspects were also high on many techies’ policy priorities. Story Continued Below — AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES GETTING THEIR FAIR SHARE OF ATTENTION: Several firms including Lyft, Uber, Waymo and Apple have also embraced lobbying for autonomous vehicle issues in full-force. Lawmakers including Sens. John Thune (R-S.D.) and Gary Peters (D-Mich.) have expressed an interest in developing some kind of legislation that could help create a more defined federal standard for autonomous vehicles. Lobbying expenditures at many of the large tech and telecom companies stayed relatively consistent with that of previous quarters. We’re tracking as more filings roll out. ‘THE MOST SIGNIFICANT CHANGE TO THE TAX CODE SINCE REAGAN’ — “Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Thursday the administration plans to release its tax reform proposal ‘very soon’ and promised a sweeping overhaul of the tax code will get done,” The Wall Street Journal reports. “Speaking at a conference of international financial firms in Washington, Mr. Mnuchin said Treasury is ‘pretty close to being able to bring forward what’s going to be major tax reform.’” Mnuchin also called the updates the “most significant change to the tax code since Reagan,” and added that the economic growth it generates would help cover any additional costs. Earlier this week, Mnuchin conceded that the Trump administration isn't likely to hit its target of getting tax reform through Congress by August. GOOD FRIDAY MORNING and welcome to Morning Tech, where we’re bidding a fond farewell to the illustrious Alex Byers, our favorite Minnesotan golfer who’s headed to an exciting new adventure at Glover Park Group. Send your well wishes to abyers@politico.com and @byersalex, and your tech, telecom and transition tips to lzhou@politico.com and @liszhou. As always, catch the rest of the team’s contact info after Quick Downloads. DEMS URGE TRUMP TO STAFF UP OSTP — A group of Senate Democrats led by Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire today will send a letter urging President Donald Trump to fill science jobs at the White House’s Office of Science and Technology Policy. OSTP offers the president advice on a number of cutting edge issues, including climate change, cybersecurity and nanotechnology, but as POLITICO reported on Thursday, the office is down to just 44 people, significantly lower than OSTP's size under Obama. “Without adequate OSTP staffing, the country will lack key insights from those with deep experience in these fields,” the Democrats write. “We urge you to nominate well-qualified experts to these and other key science and technology positions within your administration.” The lawmakers added that they will “carefully review nominees” for any posts requiring Senate confirmation. Also on the letter are Sens. Bill Nelson, of Florida; Ed Markey, of Massachusetts; Gary Peters, of Michigan; Tom Udall, of New Mexico; Cory Booker, of New Jersey; Catherine Cortez Masto, of Nevada; and Brian Schatz, of Hawaii. ** A message from Samsung: Smart technologies will enable the vehicle of tomorrow. At Samsung, our vision of a future that seamlessly connects automotive, home, mobile and work inspired us to acquire HARMAN, and we will leverage our combined resources to produce even greater value for customers. Learn more about our partnership. Samsung.com/VisionForTomorrow ** USDS PLANS TO HIT THE GROUND RUNNING — Now that the hiring freeze on federal agencies has been lifted, the U.S. Digital Service is preparing to add to its ranks, according to Matt Cutts, the organization’s acting administrator. “During the hiring freeze, we were not able to replace departing staff as we normally would,” he told MT, in a statement. “Now that the freeze is over, we have a number of qualified applicants we will be bringing on board.” Additionally, he said there’s often an “ebb and flow” in the number of people who are part of USDS, given its “tour of duty” model and said the organization has typically had a staff of more than 170 people. Among its focuses: USDS is collaborating with Jared Kushner’s Office of American Innovation on policies and plans to improve government operations and services, he said. MARKEY SLAMS BDS VOTE — Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.), a vocal opponent of the FCC order that would change competition policy in the business data services market, slammed Thursday’s agency vote passing the measure. “With today’s vote on business data services, the FCC now stands for Forgetting Choice and Competition,” Markey said in a statement. “Despite data collected by the FCC indicating that approximately 73 percent of BDS locations may only being served by one provider and the Small Business Administration raising serious concerns about its impact on small businesses, the commission has forged ahead to the detriment of consumers.” Pai and other supporters of the BDS order have argued that there is sufficient competition in the market. ICYMI: PAI’S TECH RENDEZVOUS — FCC Chairman Ajit Pai huddled with executives from tech companies including Facebook and Cisco, to talk net neutrality during a previously unannounced trip to the Valley, Margaret reports. In a press conference following the agency’s April meeting, Pai said he also met with Oracle and Intel on Monday. He said he didn't discuss any pending proceedings, as doing so could require an official disclosure about the conversations. “I’ve been consistent in my view that I favor a free and open internet and that I oppose Title II,” Pai said. “Outside of the context of any pending proceeding, I’ve been simply soliciting thoughts on how to secure those online consumer protections.” — Pai wouldn’t go into details about the discussions but said he thought the executives were “appreciative” that he reached out. For its part, Cisco described the meeting at its San Jose campus as an “informal discussion,” arranged, per company spokeswoman Andrea Duffy, because Pai “asked Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins to gather some Silicon Valley leaders to discuss the future of net neutrality.” Oracle CEO Safra Katz and senior VP Ken Glueck also participated in the sessions, per that company. Duffy said the sitdowns were “just a chance to say hello” -- though, as she pointed out, the firm’s on record backing Pai’s first steps while in office. Facebook confirmed it had taken part, with spokeswoman Jodi Seth adding that “consistent with our long-held position, we informed the chairman that we support strong net neutrality rules.” POLITICO Event — Rebuilding America: A New Infrastructure Agenda — Join POLITICO for a discussion on the prospects for a major national infrastructure push from the new administration and Congress. Speakers include: Sen. Deb Fischer (R-Neb.), Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), Building America’s Future President Marcia Hale, Club for Growth President David McIntosh, and Chamber of Commerce ED Transportation Infrastructure Ed Mortimer. Monday, April 24 — 5:30pm — The Newseum. RSVP: here. Pai’s already facing critics who oppose changes to the Obama-era rules, but he said he thinks there’s room for agreement. “There’s always going to be reasonable people on both sides of an argument, but I’m focused on trying to find the common ground here so that we can move forward in a way that benefits everybody,” Pai said. CLYBURN DINGS PAI ON INTRA-AGENCY TRANSPARENCY — Democratic FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn complained Thursday she learned of the FCC’s approval of the sale of a Time Warner-owned TV station through press reports, rather than from the chairman’s office. Remember, some speculated the transfer of the station’s FCC license could be the agency’s way of reviewing the AT&T-Time Warner merger. But the FCC gave Meredith Corp permission to buy the Atlanta-based station. Clyburn said she should’ve received advanced notice. “This is a license transfer that is significant because it is tied to an $85 billion transaction that this agency, as a reminder to you, is refusing to review,” Clyburn said. “So I’ve got a lot more questions than answers.” AT&T has said it intends to avoid the license transfer that would trigger an FCC public interest review of its bid to buy Time Warner. SILICON VALLEY MUST-READS — — Tesla recall: The electric car company is recalling 53,000 of its Model X and Model S vehicles because of problems with its parking brake, Engadget reports. The flaw could affect whether the parking brake can be turned off. — Google, Microsoft, Facebook discuss future of online ads: The tech giants are reportedly in talks about the future of online advertising with members of the Coalition for Better Ads, including Procter & Gamble and Unilever, Advertising Age reports. "The end game here is to remove these types of ads which are undercutting the consumer internet experience," said Stu Ingis, counsel to the coalition. "Truthfully, those ads can potentially and seriously undercut the broader internet ecosystem." — Marine Corps shut down revenge porn: They’ve outlawed the non-consensual sharing of nude photos after the exposure of a Facebook group in which Marines were sharing nude photos of servicewomen, TechCrunch reports. MEANWHILE IN EUROPE — — The EU’s tech odd couple: Per the Pro Europe Brief: It's still not clear who is in charge of EU tech policy, nearly four months after Commissioner Günther Oettinger officially gave up his job as digital commissioner, POLITICO Europe's Joanna Plucinska reports. "When the bright and powerful gather this week at Commissioner Günther Oettinger's 'mini-Davos ' for two days of skiing, schmoozing and far-reaching discussions about the future of our digital lives, one person will be noticeable because of his absence: Digital Vice President Andrus Ansip," Joanna writes. Ansip, the most senior EU official in charge of digital, said he would be busy in his home country of Estonia. — Tech pushes back against German hate speech bill: The Global Network Initiative, a group focused on freedom of expression and privacy that includes Facebook, Google and Microsoft as members, is urging the German Parliament to oppose a bill that would impose steep fines on social media sites that don’t take down illegal content including hate speech. The group argues that such legislation could curb freedom of expression and heighten censorship. A European Commission official has told Pro Europe’s Joanna Plucinska that the powerful country won’t get special treatment if it violates EU rules that guarantee limited liability for tech platforms as long as they do not actively monitor content posted to their sites. THE WHITE HOUSE FLICKR IS BACK — After a 90-day hiatus, the White House Flickr account has returned, The Verge reports. The Obama administration’s chief White House photographer Pete Souza had started the account and was known for updating it with more personal images of the president that showcased a side that wasn’t always captured in broader media photos. TRANSITIONS — Pro Tech reporter Alex Byers starts Monday at the Glover Park Group as a director of strategic communications, working on issues including tech, media and telecom. He's spent seven years at POLITICO, including almost five as a tech reporter. QUICK DOWNLOADS Update on Uber sexual harassment investigation: Uber is dedicating more time to the review, with a report expected at the end of May, Recode reports. Roger Stone locked out of Twitter: The former Trump adviser was penalized again for a controversial tweet, BuzzFeed reports. Tips, comments, suggestions? Send them along via email to our team: Alex Byers (abyers@politico.com, @byersalex), Eric Engleman (eengleman@politico.com, @ericengleman), Angela Greiling Keane (agreilingkeane@politico.com, @agreilingkeane), Nancy Scola (nscola@politico.com, @nancyscola), Margaret Harding McGill (mmcgill@politico.com, @margarethmcgill), Ashley Gold (agold@politico.com, @ashleyrgold) and Li Zhou (lzhou@politico.com, @liszhou) ** A message from Samsung: The vehicle of tomorrow will be transformed by smart technology and connectivity in the same way that simple feature phones have become sophisticated smart devices over the past decade. We’re proud to add HARMAN International and its 3,500 U.S. employees to the Samsung workforce in America, and just as enthusiastic about our common vision, the similarities in our culture of innovation, and the added value we can create for customers. Learn more about our partnership. Samsung.com/VisionForTomorrow ** « View Archives Authors: Li Zhou lzhou@politico.com About The Author Li Zhou is a technology reporter for POLITICO Pro. She previously worked at The Atlantic as an editorial fellow, and has written for The Boston Globe and Smithsonian Magazine. She is originally from northern California and graduated from Harvard. You can usually find her eating munchkins in the Longworth Dunkin. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics How Trump Blew Up the Conservative Media Obama's back: Former president to hold Chicago event on Monday Trump scoffs at 100-day mark as ‘ridiculous standard’ Ivanka Trump adds a chief of staff State Dept. official reassigned amid conservative media attacks Trump wades into French elections Schumer jabs White House over offer to fund Obamacare subsidies in exchange for border wall Sessions says he doesn't regret comment about Hawaii judge being from 'island in the Pacific' Schiff could use Russia probe as Senate springboard Morning Tech - POLITICO Archive Friday, 4/21/17 Thursday, 4/20/17 Wednesday, 4/19/17 Tuesday, 4/18/17 Monday, 4/17/17 View the Full Morning Tech Archives » Politico Magazine ‘They Call Us Bigoted and Undereducated’ By Zia Weise How a Sewer Will Save St. Louis By Erick Trickey Trump Has a Point: 100 Days Is the Wrong Yardstick By William Antholis Why Smart Cities Are Turning Themselves Into Sponges By T.R. Goldman More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Editorial Columns Letters Books Blogs INTERVIEW From verbal cues to visual hammers Chitra Narayanan comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Laura Ries Laura Ries on how to enhance positioning Considering that she co-wrote a book called The Fall of Advertising and the Rise of PR along with her dad, Al Ries, it’s rather ironic that Laura Ries, President of Ries &Ries, is a keynote speaker at Goafest2017. But the focus of this consultant’s lively presentation at the ad jamboree was on ‘positioning’ and how a visual hammer is necessary to drive it into the customer’s mind. She enlarges on the subject on the sidelines of the event What is different in positioning strategies from the time your dad wrote the famous book (Positioning: The Battle for Your Mind) with Jack Trout and now? Positioning was tough then. It is even tougher now. Positioning then was primarily talking about using words to get into the mind of the consumer. But today, you have to combine the word with a powerful visual that does not just entertain people but also communicates an idea. That’s not easy to do, but can be very effective if done well. For instance, Coca-Cola’s contoured bottle has been a very good visual hammer in building and communicating authenticity. The Rolex and Mercedes Benz logos are visual hammers that reinforce the idea of luxury. At a time when Alexa or Cortana will soon rule our world, and the spoken word will be more important, do you see positioning strategies changing again? It’s not just visuals we are stressing, but visuals with words. You have to give consumers a word – a way of expressing – whether it is the “real thing” for Coke, or the “Ultimate Driving Machine” for BMW. Visual Hammer was one book that I wrote, but the next book was called Battlecry which is about the slogan, which is important as well. You need all the pieces. Lots of brands have just one or two pieces. But when they manage to get all the pieces in place, it’s great positioning. Consumers don’t really care about brands. But they care about the category. However, people think in category and talk in brands. Take energy drinks. People think about the category but they ask for a Red Bull. Too many marketers are lulled into thinking people love the brand. People actually love the category. Can you give examples of brands you have helped reposition? One example of it is this auto company in China, Great Wall Motors. It was into everything. It came to us in 2009 asking us how do we build this brand. We said find a focus. At that time everyone was building sedans. We told it to focus on economical SUVs. They came out with a brand Haval, which became very successful in China. In 2013, Great Wall Motors had the highest net profit ratio among all auto companies worldwide. Now it is talking about taking the brand global. But going global involves a different positioning strategy. For instance, you need to factor in perceptions about the country of origin too. For China, low-cost products is a perception. But that is a position that is available to them as the maker of an economical SUV. You have talked about consistency in positioning. But startups are constantly pivoting. Are the rules different for startups? When you have an established brand such as Coca-Cola or Pepsi, you cannot keep changing positioning. Once it has taken root in the customer’s mind, you have to stick to it. On the other hand, a brand in startup mode can keep changing. Good entrepreneurs do keep changing names, strategies until they hit upon the right combination. Then you need to stick to it. BMW is a great example. It found the right strategy with “The Ultimate Driving Machine” and has stuck to it for 40 years. Uber has got a great name – but what has it gone and done? Changed the visual to something ridiculous. However, when you have got as much PR as Uber has you can make stupid mistakes. Google has done it with Alphabet. It adds to the confusion, but is getting away with it. It might as well have been Google. If you are an Uber or Google you can afford to do these things. Not that they should do it. When a brand gets acquired, how does its positioning get affected? There are different types of strategies. Unilever, P&G have a corporate brand and a multi-brand strategy. So it is easier to work with these brands. But it’s difficult for brands that have the same corporate name and product name. If processed cheese gets bad press, then Kraft brands get affected. To distance itself from bad publicity for tobacco, Philip Morris tried to change its name to Altria. But that didn’t work. You keep stressing that brands cannot be all things to everyone and must have focus. That may be true in large nations such as the US and India. But in small countries, you may want to own the whole market. So what then? Good point. We do visit small countries and find that companies there are into everything. You see this in Japan and in South Korea. You have got Mitsubishi everything in Japan and Samsung everything in South Korea. In a small country you can do it. But not globally. It becomes problematic. If you look at it, Mitsubishi is not powerful globally. At the same time locally in a small country, you will have to compete with global brands with a focused push. But Samsung is successful across the world too, is it not? It is successful right now, but vulnerable. Because right now everyone else is unfocused. But if some focused competitors come along, they will be vulnerable. The warning for Korean brands is ‘look what happened to Sony’. (This article was published on April 21, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS From verbal cues to visual hammers TOPICS advertising and marketing | advertising | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Columnists Ashima Goyal Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED UK arm pension issue: £520-m payment ‘only start of long journey’ for Tata Steel When the Dalai Lama visited Tawang The co-chairing conundrum All you wanted to know about Standing Deposit Facility All you wanted to know about farm loan waivers From verbal cues to visual hammers LATEST NEWS Toll in Afghan military base attack rises to 140 46 min. ago Rajinikanth’s 2.0 release postponed to Jan 25, 2018 57 min. ago Champs-Elysees attack mars final day of French campaign 1 hr. 14 min. ago Panama Papers law firm partners get bail 1 hr. 29 min. ago Brilliant Raina leads Gujarat Lions to 4 wicket win over KKR More » O P E N close Recent Article in Chitra Narayanan Cricket, calypso and creativity: The secret to Sir Viv’s magic When Sir Viv Richards took the crease at GoaFest2017, he adlibbed with as gay abandon as he used to bat » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
India Air Care Market Outlook 2022 - Driven by Rising Standards of Living, Growing Consumer Affluence & Changing Demographic Trends - Research and Markets April 21, 2017 08:12 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "India Air Care Market Outlook, 2022" report to their offering. In today's world, the consumer needs are more sophisticated and demand goes beyond mere fragrance to air purification and wellness. Air care has turned into a riveting market for new product developments and innovation where manufacturers are taking efforts to convince consumer through aggressive campaign and advertising. They are encouraging Indian consumers to adopt air fresheners in their day-today lives to improve home hygiene. The Indian car air freshener market is expected to register a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of more than 15% over next five years. On the other hand, market for room fresheners is growing at a stable rate. In recent years, this functional commodity has evolved to be used as a decorative product as well. According to "India Air Care Market Outlook, 2022", the market for room fresheners have long been driven by rising standards of living, growing consumer affluence, and their propensity to indulge in luxury products. Today, the Indian market for air fresheners stands stimulated by changing demographic trends, the growing importance of aromatherapy in homes, and consumer preference for decorating homes with fragrant products such as candles, reed diffusers, potpourri etc. Aromatherapy is gaining momentum among Indian consumer as a result of a variety of applications, including pain relief, mood enhancement and increased cognitive function. It can be used at any place such as indoor spaces, washrooms, car, etc. Companies Mentioned Dabur India Limited Godrej Consumer Products Limited J.K. Helene Curtis Limited MidasCare Pharmaceuticals Pvt. Ltd. Procter & Gamble Home Products Private Limited Reckitt Benckiser (India) Private Limited SC Johnson Products Pvt. Ltd. Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Global Air Care Market Outlook 3. India Air Care Market Outlook 4. India Economic Snapshot 5. Raw Material 6. PEST Analysis 7. Trade Dynamics 8. Channel Partner Analysis 9. India Air Care Market Dynamics 10. Market Trends & Developments 11. Competitive Landscape 12. Strategic Recommendations For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/df5f9h/india_air_care Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Air Fresheners Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Air Fresheners Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Merkle and Association of National Advertisers Release Sports Car Stereotypes Report April 21, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time COLUMBIA, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Merkle (www.merkleinc.com), a leading technology-enabled, data-driven performance marketing agency, announced that it has released a new report in conjunction with the Association of National Advertisers (ANA) and the Alliance for Family Entertainment (AFE), titled Sports Car Stereotypes: The Truth about Gender Purchase Psychology and Marketing. Merkle partnered with the ANA AFE to support the #SeeHer initiative, which seeks to accurately portray all girls and women in media, so that by 2020, they see themselves reflected in advertisements as they truly are. Marketers have long sought to market their products effectively to women – and many attempts have fallen short, leaving consumers turned off by the effects of cognitive bias. In a psychology-based study examining the purchase decision process for sports cars, Merkle’s Neuroanalytics™ practice and ANA AFE examined the priorities and motivations of each gender. A key finding is that women want to be treated like thoughtful, diverse human beings and represented as such in advertising. It seems like an obvious answer, but marketing campaigns over the last century have proven otherwise. “We developed the insights included in this report using Merkle’s Neuroanalytics™ practice based on means-end theory,” said co-author Ethan Hanson, associate director, advanced methods and research at Merkle. “The research gave us an understanding of both the product needs that consumers have, as well as their connected personal benefits, ultimately allowing us to paint a full picture of the decision process.” Marketers can learn more about the report insights by attending the complimentary webinar, featuring the ANA AFE, on Thursday, May 4 at 11:00 a.m. ET. The webinar, Stopping the Stereotype: Purchase Psychology by Gender and What it Means for Marketers, will be led by Hanson and Stephen Quinn, chair, ANA AFE. Quinn is the prior CMO of Walmart and Frito-Lay, among positions at Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Pepsico. Hanson and Quinn will provide attendees with a transformational look at buyer motivations, gender representations in advertising, and where the industry is headed. About Merkle Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specializes in the delivery of unique, personalized customer experiences across platforms and devices. For more than 25 years, Fortune 1000 companies and leading nonprofit organizations have partnered with Merkle to maximize the value of their customer portfolios. The agency’s heritage in data, technology, and analytics forms the foundation for its unmatched skills in understanding consumer insights that drive people-based marketing strategies. When combined with its strength in performance creative and media, Merkle creates customer experiences that drive improved marketing results and shareholder value. With more than 4,100 employees, Merkle is headquartered in Columbia, Maryland with 16 additional offices in the US and 8 offices in Europe and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network. For more information, contact Merkle at 1-877-9-Merkle or visit www.merkleinc.com. Contacts Merkle Inc. Sarah Bourdeau, 443-542-4288 SBourdeau@merkleinc.com Contacts Merkle Inc. Sarah Bourdeau, 443-542-4288 SBourdeau@merkleinc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merkle and Association of National Advertisers Release Sports Car Stereotypes Report COLUMBIA, Md.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merkle (www.merkleinc.com), a leading technology-enabled, data-driven performance marketing agency, announced that it has released a new report in conjunction with the Association of National Advertisers (ANA) and the Alliance for Family Entertainment (AFE), titled Sports Car Stereotypes: The Truth about Gender Purchase Psychology and Marketing. Merkle partnered with the ANA AFE to support the #SeeHer initiative, which seeks to accurately portray all girls and women in media, so that by 2020, they see themselves reflected in advertisements as they truly are. Marketers have long sought to market their products effectively to women – and many attempts have fallen short, leaving consumers turned off by the effects of cognitive bias. In a psychology-based study examining the purchase decision process for sports cars, Merkle’s Neuroanalytics™ practice and ANA AFE examined the priorities and motivations of each gender. A key finding is that women want to be treated like thoughtful, diverse human beings and represented as such in advertising. It seems like an obvious answer, but marketing campaigns over the last century have proven otherwise. “We developed the insights included in this report using Merkle’s Neuroanalytics™ practice based on means-end theory,” said co-author Ethan Hanson, associate director, advanced methods and research at Merkle. “The research gave us an understanding of both the product needs that consumers have, as well as their connected personal benefits, ultimately allowing us to paint a full picture of the decision process.” Marketers can learn more about the report insights by attending the complimentary webinar, featuring the ANA AFE, on Thursday, May 4 at 11:00 a.m. ET. The webinar, Stopping the Stereotype: Purchase Psychology by Gender and What it Means for Marketers, will be led by Hanson and Stephen Quinn, chair, ANA AFE. Quinn is the prior CMO of Walmart and Frito-Lay, among positions at Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Pepsico. Hanson and Quinn will provide attendees with a transformational look at buyer motivations, gender representations in advertising, and where the industry is headed. About Merkle Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specializes in the delivery of unique, personalized customer experiences across platforms and devices. For more than 25 years, Fortune 1000 companies and leading nonprofit organizations have partnered with Merkle to maximize the value of their customer portfolios. The agency’s heritage in data, technology, and analytics forms the foundation for its unmatched skills in understanding consumer insights that drive people-based marketing strategies. When combined with its strength in performance creative and media, Merkle creates customer experiences that drive improved marketing results and shareholder value. With more than 4,100 employees, Merkle is headquartered in Columbia, Maryland with 16 additional offices in the US and 8 offices in Europe and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network. For more information, contact Merkle at 1-877-9-Merkle or visit www.merkleinc.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Bread Maker Market Enabling Technologies and Key Trends 2017-2022 Next PostNext Remote Health Delivery Market in India 2016-2020 – Features Key Market Vendors ( Apollo Hospitals, Aravind Eye Care, Narayana Health, Philips Healthcare ) Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,548 -30.95 -0.15% Nasdaq 5,911 -6.26 -0.11% S&P 500 2,349 -7.15 -0.30% 1:01 A.M. ET Opinion Pro gaming may soon eclipse sports including basketball and baseball 1:00 A.M. ET Opinion A rich Gary Cohn got even richer by working for Donald Trump 4/21 Updated How to give your child a shot at the American Dream — by a woman who grew up on food stamps 4/21 Updated The Moneyologist: My siblings bounced checks on my mom, so I kept $20,000 after she died 4/21 Google earnings: A new approach arrives amid YouTube ad controversy 4/21 Updated This is what homeowners did with their savings on variable mortgage rates 4/21 This is where the stock market bears will make their last stand 4/21 There are too many bulls to make any money on gold 4/21 A cocktail in a can and a trick for avoiding stress, depression and hangovers 4/21 Updated This could stop Amazon’s stock rally in its tracks 4/21 Opinion Sifting through bias to find the truth 4/21 Updated Treasury yields erase declines after Trump promises tax cut next week 4/21 Sears forecasts $1.25 billion in cost savings in 2017, appoints new CFO 4/21 Fitch cuts Italy's credit rating to BBB from BBB+ 4/21 This trick may help college students avoid stress, depression and hangovers 4/21 This firm is a small, mid, large and megacap company, according to Vanguard 4/21 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar 4/21 Nearly half of young Americans won’t fly United anymore 4/21 Updated Skechers doesn’t impress with first billion-dollar-plus quarter 4/21 This could stop Amazon’s stock rally in its tracks Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Anti-aging Market Report and Forecast (2017-2021) - Research and Markets By Published: Apr 21, 2017 5:20 a.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Apr 21, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Anti-aging Market Report and Forecast (2017-2021)" report to their offering. The new report entitled Global Anti-aging Market Report and Forecast (2017-2021) is an outcome of an intensive research of the global anti-aging industry that draws upon a comprehensive analysis of anti-aging products, consumer groups and market trends globally. The study, which is based both on desk research and multiple waves of qualitative primary research, has delved deeply into the global Anti-aging market. Focus of the Analysis: Study of the effects of aging on skin, hair and teeth along with the comprehensive analysis of anti-aging solutions. Identifying all application segments/sub-segments and quantifying their current and future market potential. Providing a robust long range forecast for all segments and sub-segments. Providing an understanding of key drivers and restraints along with their impact on the current and future market scenario. Analyzing the market on the basis of demographic factors: Age Gender Income Analyzing the market on the basis of core anti-aging industries: Skin care Industry Hair care Industry Dental care Industry Analyzing the market on the basis of products: Anti-Wrinkle Products Anti-Pigmentation Products Sunscreens Hair Care Product Analyzing the market on the basis of devices: Microdermabrasion Devices Energy-based Aesthetic Devices Laser Aesthetics Devices Intense Pulse Light Devices Radio Frequency Devices Ultrasound Devices Key Topics Covered: 1 Preface 2 Research Methodology and Market Definitions 3 Executive Summary 4 Aging 5 Global Anti-Aging Market: Key Drivers and Success Factors 6 Global Anti-Aging Market: SWOT Analysis 7 Global Anti-Aging Market: Porter's Five Forces Analysis 8 Global Anti-Aging Market: Historical, Current and Future Market Trends 9 Global Anti-Aging Market: Breakup by Demography 10 Global Anti-Aging Market: Breakup by Industry 11 Global Anti-Aging Market: Key Product Categories 12 Global Anti-Aging Market: Key Devices and Technology 13 Global Anti-Aging Market: Breakup by Country 14 Global Anti-Aging Market: Market Challenges 15 Global Anti-Aging Market: Key Players Companies Mentioned Allergan Beiersdorf Estee Lauder L'Oreal Procter & Gamble Shiseido Unilever For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/fblz99/global_antiaging View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170421005221/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Skin Care Products Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular iHeartRadio parent warns it may not survive another year This could stop Amazon’s stock rally in its tracks Legendary technical investor Robert Prechter is awaiting a depression-like shock in the U.S. Pro gaming may soon eclipse sports including basketball and baseball This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport In Your Area What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Crime Business Exeter North Devon South Devon Mid Devon Weather Health Education Politics Farming Watch LIVE as TEDxExeter 2017 gets underway By RomPEllis  |  Posted: April 21, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES A refugee from Syria will share her story of how she and her sister fled the civil war and began new life in Europe Watch LIVE as TEDxExeter 2017 gets underway X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / A refugee from Syria will share her story of how she and her sister fled the civil war and began new life in Europe Exeter man drowns in same spot he was rescued from a decade... 1 Man taken to hospital with back injuries after car crash on... 1 Golden wedding holiday couple find shrine to dead son... 1 Comments (0) The sold-out TEDxExeter conference is underway at the city's Northcott Theatre. Exeter's leading festival of ideas, now in its sixth year, has brought together over 900 people on the day. 465 people will join the audience at the Northcott on Friday and a further 450 people will be able to watch a simultaneous live stream in an adjacent auditorium at Exeter University. It is also possible to watch a live stream of the event below... A teenage refugee from Syria will share her harrowing story of how she and her sister fled the civil war and began new life in Europe. Her journey is all the more extraordinary, as Nujeen has cerebral palsy and cannot walk. TEDxExeter started in 2012, and talks filmed at the first five conferences have now been watched more than 13 million times online. The theme of this year's event is HOPE. Christina Lamb is one of Britain's best-known foreign correspondents and has won numerous awards for her reporting on everything from wars in Afghanistan to Libyan detention cells. Read more: Disabled teen who fled Syrian civil war in her wheelchair will share ordeal in Exeter Other confirmed speakers include Virginie Helias, vice president of global sustainability at Procter & Gamble, and Rob Wilson, a serial social entrepreneur and co-founder of Undivided, a youth-led campaign to get the best possible Brexit deal for young people. Joining them will be Exeter College student James Craig and Madhumita Murgia, European technology correspondent at the Financial Times. There will also be performances from Devon drumming collective Kagemusha Taiko and Plymouth-based dance company Street Factory. More than 90 TEDxExeter viewing events are already planned at schools and workplaces across the city and further afield. Tickets for TEDxExeter 2017 sold out in just 16 minutes. But people who weren't lucky enough to get one can still watch the event as it is streamed live online. Full schedule: Session 1 - 9.25 - 10.50am Madhumita Murgia My identity for sale Dr. Deborah E. Lipstadt My courtroom battle with a Holocaust denier Virginie Helias Hope in a bottle Ludovico Einaudi Elegy for the Arctic Howard Johns Your invitation to the energy revolution Session 2 - 11.30am-12.50pm Maya Angelou Still I Rise Christina Lamb Finding hope in dark places Nujeen Mustafa I am not a number Kagemusha Taiko Performance Andrew Solomon How open borders make us safe Session 3 - 2.10 - 3.20pm Gill Hayes Hope in hell Gulalai Ismail From radicalisation to peacebuilding James Craig Brexit: Moving forwards together Jo & Toby Gorniak Helping young people find their genius Street Factory Performance Session 4 - 4.00 - 5.15pm Casey Gerald The gospel of doubt Vik Mohan How listening to communities can help save our oceans Rob Wilson Ending food waste one beer at a time Matt Harvey Performance Report this article Read more from Devon Live Most Recent Most Commented Exeter man drowns in same spot he was rescued from a decade ago Man taken to hospital with back injuries after car crash on North... Golden wedding holiday couple find shrine to dead son ransacked... Devon MPs react to snap General Election call Friends rally to help family who lost everything in 'raging' fire... Police officer sacked for having sex 'on numerous occasions'... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Service Manager Salary : £31,555 per annum Electro-Mechanical Assembler Salary : £17,464.00 Controls Design Engineer Salary : Competitive Quantity Surveyor Salary : Salary will depend on experience Commercial Team - People Services - Various Roles Salary : Various Events Co-ordinator Salary : Dependent on experience but likely to be in the region of £25-£30k Marketing Communications Manager Salary : Competitive Salary and benefits Development/Support Engineer for Flow Measurement manufacturer, specialising in liquid Low-flows.. Salary : Negotiable depending on experience. Relocation package possible for exceptional appplicant. Deputy Head Teacher(Teaching and Learning) Salary : Leadership Scale L7- L11 Regional Sales Manager(s) Salary : 35k–40k, + Regional Profit Sharing Bonus Scheme, + Car and Tech Clinical Team Leader - Icebreak Salary : £33,500-£37,000 - Full Time (37 hours) Accounts Clerk/Receptionist  Salary : Competitive Afternoon Tea Cook Salary : £7.50 P/h R.G.N/ R.M.N Salary : £16 p/h Vehicle Technician Salary : £23,000 House Manager/ Warden Salary : Good Rates of Pay FEMALE ENABLER / SUPPORT WORKER Salary : £8.84-£9.85 per hour Senior Carers Salary : Good Rates of Pay Support Worker Salary : £16,113 per annum Facilities and Administration Coordinator Salary : £24,885 per annum Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Exeter City Exeter Chiefs Rugby Cricket Other Sports Picture Galleries Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a photo Cars Property Classifieds Business Directory Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle HIre Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Pet Food Ingredients Market Sales Driven by Surge in Pet Owners with Forecast Analysis during 2016 – 2024 MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has lately declared the inclusion of a brand new report to its ever-growing online repository of market intelligence. This fresh report is titled as “Pet Food Ingredients Market – Global Industry Size, Market Share, Trends, Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2024’’. This well-researched report on the growing pet food ingredients market imparts several key highlights. Firstly, it discloses a full analysis of the markets backdrop, which also contains an evaluation of the primary market. Request For Sample Report@ www.mrrse.com/sample/1974 Furthermore, buyers can gain the better advantage by knowing the main modifications in the present market dynamics. Interestingly, the study goes a step ahead by revealing the market segmentation until the third level. The projected, current, and historical capacity of the market from the stance of value and volume, are also elaborated neatly in this research study. Likewise, the evaluations of present sector advancements are expected to increase the buyer’s overall advantage. Secondly, the geographical extent of this growing sector is informed by the report through analysis of the key regions, such as North America, APAC, Europe and Rest of the World. The research further explains a primary reason for this sudden boom in the sector, which includes rising need for high-quality diets from pet owners. According to the study, one of the main contributing factors to this need is the rise in the number of pets. Interestingly, the study also explains the main hindrances within the sector. For instance, the risk of diseases and infections spreading through pets are few of the chief business-hindering factors that are exposed. Rise in disposable income in developing economies is building new perceptions towards raising pets. The engaging research mentions about the other segments which dominate the pet food ingredients market such as the animal derivatives segment. To enable young entrepreneurs in this sector, the study reveals exciting analysis of the leading players that include: Marc Inc. Colgate-Palmolive Co. Nestle S.A. Procter & Gamble Co. Agrolimen SA Nutriara Alimentos Ltda. Finally, to add precise knowledge, the report exposes key insights, historical data, and verifiable projections on the market size. According to the study, these projections are derived using elaborate research probabilities as well as techniques. The buyer gains the timely advantage in this market by reading critical data about the following topics: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends Opportunities Challenges Browse Full Global Pet Food Ingredients Market Report with TOC : www.mrrse.com/pet-food-ingredients-market About Us Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.  MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Hydrophilic Membrane Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext 2017 Europe, Middle East and Africa Medium and High Density Fibreboards Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Pet Food Ingredients Market Sales Driven by Surge in Pet Owners with Forecast Analysis during 2016 – 2024 MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has lately declared the inclusion of a brand new report to its ever-growing online repository of market intelligence. This fresh report is titled as “Pet Food Ingredients Market – Global Industry Size, Market Share, Trends, Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2024’’. This well-researched report on the growing pet food ingredients market imparts several key highlights. Firstly, it discloses a full analysis of the markets backdrop, which also contains an evaluation of the primary market. Request For Sample Report@ www.mrrse.com/sample/1974 Furthermore, buyers can gain the better advantage by knowing the main modifications in the present market dynamics. Interestingly, the study goes a step ahead by revealing the market segmentation until the third level. The projected, current, and historical capacity of the market from the stance of value and volume, are also elaborated neatly in this research study. Likewise, the evaluations of present sector advancements are expected to increase the buyer’s overall advantage. Secondly, the geographical extent of this growing sector is informed by the report through analysis of the key regions, such as North America, APAC, Europe and Rest of the World. The research further explains a primary reason for this sudden boom in the sector, which includes rising need for high-quality diets from pet owners. According to the study, one of the main contributing factors to this need is the rise in the number of pets. Interestingly, the study also explains the main hindrances within the sector. For instance, the risk of diseases and infections spreading through pets are few of the chief business-hindering factors that are exposed. Rise in disposable income in developing economies is building new perceptions towards raising pets. The engaging research mentions about the other segments which dominate the pet food ingredients market such as the animal derivatives segment. To enable young entrepreneurs in this sector, the study reveals exciting analysis of the leading players that include: Marc Inc. Colgate-Palmolive Co. Nestle S.A. Procter & Gamble Co. Agrolimen SA Nutriara Alimentos Ltda. Finally, to add precise knowledge, the report exposes key insights, historical data, and verifiable projections on the market size. According to the study, these projections are derived using elaborate research probabilities as well as techniques. The buyer gains the timely advantage in this market by reading critical data about the following topics: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends Opportunities Challenges Browse Full Global Pet Food Ingredients Market Report with TOC : www.mrrse.com/pet-food-ingredients-market About Us Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.  MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Hydrophilic Membrane Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext 2017 Europe, Middle East and Africa Medium and High Density Fibreboards Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cosmetic Skin Care Market Size : Global Industry Analysis, Market Challenges, Share, Trend, Market Forecast to 2025 Cosmetic Skin Care Cosmetics industry has experienced exponential rise since past few years. Skin care is considered the most profitable category of cosmetics industry. Both men and women use skin care products such as fairness creams, moisturizing lotions, sun care creams and lotions, anti-aging creams in their daily routine. Among all cosmetics products, skin care products are witnessing rapid growth and are expected to maintain their pace during the forecast period. Skin care products are popular across all the regions; however, these products are gaining more traction in Asia-Pacific and LAMEA regions. The global cosmetic skin care market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.3% from 2017 to 2025. Market By Type • Facial care • Body care • Hand & Feet Care Request Sample: www.progressivemarkets.com/request-sample/cosmetic-skin-c… Market Drivers: • Change in consumer lifestyle. • Increase in disposable income. Market By Mode of Sales • Online • Offline Market Restraints: • Probable side effects of chemical-based products. Market By Gender • Male • Female • Unisex Market Players: The top players in the global cosmetic skin care market include L’Oreal, Unilever Group, Procter and Gamble, Oriflame, Beiersdorf AG, Avon Products Incorporation, Estee Lauder Companies Incorporation, Johnson and Johnson, Shiseido Incorporation, and Revlon Incorporation. Market By Geography • North America o U.S. o Canada o Mexico • Europe o UK o Germany o France o Italy o Spain o Rest of the Europe • Asia-Pacific o China o Japan o India o Australia o South Korea o Rest of Asia-Pacific • LAMEA o Brazil o Saudi Arabia o South Africa o Rest of LAMEA Customized Report: www.progressivemarkets.com/request-customization/cosmetic… Table of Content Contain 1. Executive summary 1.1. Key Findings 1.2. Market Attractiveness and Trend analysis 1.3. Competitive Landscape and recent industry development analysis 2. Introduction 2.1. Report Description 2.2. Scope and Definitions 2.3. Research Methodology 3. Market landscape 3.1. Growth Drivers 3.1.1. Impact Analysis 3.2. Restrains and Challenges 3.2.1. Impact Analysis 3.3. Porter’s Analysis 3.3.1. Bargaining power of buyers 3.3.2. Bargaining power of suppliers 3.3.3. Threat of substitutes 3.3.4. Industry rivalry 3.3.5. Threat of new entrants 3.4. Global Cosmetic Skin Care Market Shares Analysis, 2014-2025 Continued… List of Tables Contain 38 Tables List of Figures Contain 46 Figures Discount on Full Report: www.progressivemarkets.com/get-discount/cosmetic-skin-car… About Us Progressive Markets is the answer to every possible business query. It is a market research and business consulting firm, headquartered in U.S. that aims to deliver conversant executive support to foster overall growth of an organization in its domain. Reach Us 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive, #205, Portland, OR 97220, United States. Int’l: +1-971-202-1575 Toll Free: ++ 1-800-910-6452 Fax: +1-800-792-5285 help@progressivemarkets.com www.progressivemarkets.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Atherectomy Devices Market is Expected to Reach USD 894.69 Million by 2025 Next PostNext Synthetic and Bio-based PMMA (Polymethyl Methacrylate) Market 2021: Analysed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects Search Recent Posts Europe Famoxadone Market Research Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply Chain and Analysis to 2017 – 2021 RedZone Map™ Hits Top 10 in London Europe Etoxazole Market Research Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply Chain and Analysis to 2017 – 2021 Monsanto Completes $50 Million Plant Expansion in Muscatine Europe Cycloxaprid Market Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor GM latest U.S. company to have assets seized in Venezuela Business The Associated Press · Detroit · Apr 20, 2017 Updated: 2:02 p.m. | Posted: 7:24 a.m. General Motors became the latest U.S. corporation to have a factory or other asset seized by the government of Venezuela, and the Detroit automaker faces an uphill battle to recover any damages. GM said Thursday that its only factory in Venezuela was confiscated a day earlier, as anti-government protesters clashed with authorities in a country that is roiled by economic troubles. GM said assets such as vehicles were taken from the plant, causing it irreparable damage. The seizure is the latest in a long string of government confiscations of factories and other assets that have been a staple of the so-called 21st century socialist revolution in Venezuela started by the late Hugo Chavez two decades ago. Venezuela is currently fighting claims of illegal asset seizures at a World Bank-sponsored arbitration panel from more than 25 companies, making it one of the most-frequently targeted nations in the world. In March, a World Bank arbitration panel determined that Venezuela did not have to pay $1.4 billion to Exxon Mobil Corp. for confiscating company assets during a wave of nationalizations. Auto production in Venezuela has nearly ground to a halt amid the country's economic collapse. The cash-strapped government has choked off car companies' access to dollars needed to import parts and repatriate profits. GM's factory in the industrial city of Valencia has not produced a single car since 2015. Nationwide, car makers assembled just 2,849 cars last year, from a peak of 172,218 vehicles in 2007. Despite Venezuela's grim outlook, many car makers have decided to stay put and avoid the drastic step of shutting down operations to avoid losing market share in case the economy dramatically improves or a more business-friendly government takes power. GM has about 2,700 workers in Venezuela, where it's been the market leader for over 35 years. It also has 79 dealers that employ 3,900 people, and its parts suppliers make up more than half of Venezuela's auto parts market, the company said. The factory seizure arose from an almost 20-year-old lawsuit brought by a former GM dealership in western Venezuela. The dealership had been seeking damages from GM of 476 million bolivars -- about $665 million at the official exchange rate, but just $115 million on the black market where many Venezuelans are forced to turn to sell their increasingly worthless currency. GM said it was notified this week that a low-level court ordered an embargo of its plant, bank accounts and other assets in the country. Hundreds of workers desperate for information about their jobs gathered at the plant on Thursday to meet with government and military officials, as well as representatives of the dealership that brought the lawsuit. The Venezuelan government had no comment about the GM factory. In July of last year, the government took control of a factory belonging to Kimberly-Clark Corp. after the U.S. personal care giant said it was no longer possible to manufacture in the crisis-wracked nation due to a lack of materials. President Nicolas Maduro accused Kimberly-Clark of participating in an international plot to damage Venezuela's economy. Kimberly-Clark joined Bridgestone, General Mills, Procter & Gamble, Ford Motor Co. and other multinational corporations in scaling back operations in Venezuela. Ford suspended operations at its Valencia plant in December due to slumping sales. Toyota said its lone factory in Cumana, Venezuela, continues to operate normally. If the government permits it, GM workers at the Valencia plant will get separation benefits "arising from the termination of employment relationships due to causes beyond the parties' control," the GM statement said. Dealers will continue to service vehicles and provide parts, the company said. GM's Venezuelan operations have been a drag on earnings for several years. In the second quarter of 2015, the company took a $720 million charge for currency devaluation and asset valuation write-downs as the economy faltered. South American operations, which include Venezuela, account for a relatively small portion of GM's earnings and sales. Last year the company lost $400 million before taxes in South America, but as a whole the company made a pretax profit of $12.5 billion. GM sold just over 583,000 vehicles in the region last year, about 6 percent of its total sales. The company recently said that its South America region "remains challenged from macro-economic and political standpoints." Shares of General Motors Co. rose 59 cents to $34.38 in afternoon trading. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Prince protege Shelby J out with new music 7 hours ago Next Pesticide maker tries to kill risk study 7 hours ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Trader Extra A Band-Aid for J&J Johnson & Johnson’s revenue miss could be a buying opportunity now that its shares look more reasonably priced. By Ben Levisohn Biography Updated April 22, 2017 2:43 a.m. ET After Johnson & Johnson (ticker: JNJ) reported earnings last week, the market reacted as if something were severely broken. But what if the stock only needs one of the company’s iconic Band-Aids? To be sure, Johnson & Johnson’s results left much to be desired. Yes, it reported a profit of $1.83 a share, beating analyst forecasts for $1.77, but sales came in at $17.8 billion, below the street consensus for $18 billion.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The One Number That Shows Trouble At Verizon Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Why Amazon Can’t Kill Costco Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why the Tesla Hype Might Not Translate to Trucks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Is it Time for Whole Foods to Sell Out? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar 2 BofA CEO on Economy, Bank, the Environment 3 Will Kate Spade Sell? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
India Air Care Market Overview, 2016-2022 - Cars Have a Soul & Indian Consumers Are Keeping It Perfectly Alive By Using Car Air Fresheners - Research and Markets April 21, 2017 06:48 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "India Air Care Market Overview, 2016-2022" report to their offering. In today's world, the consumer needs are more sophisticated and demand goes beyond mere fragrance to air purification and wellness. Air care has turned into a riveting market for new product developments and innovation where manufacturers are taking efforts to convince consumer through aggressive campaign and advertising. They are encouraging Indian consumers to adopt air fresheners in their day-today lives to improve home hygiene. The Indian car air freshener market is expected to register a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of more than 15% over next five years. On the other hand, market for room fresheners is growing at a stable rate. In recent years, this functional commodity has evolved to be used as a decorative product as well. Today, the Indian market for air fresheners stands stimulated by changing demographic trends, the growing importance of aromatherapy in homes, and consumer preference for decorating homes with fragrant products such as candles, reed diffusers, potpourri etc. Aromatherapy is gaining momentum among Indian consumer as a result of a variety of applications, including pain relief, mood enhancement and increased cognitive function. It can be used at any place such as indoor spaces, washrooms, car, etc. Manufacturers are leaving no stone unturned in their attempts to educate consumers about the products they offer, however it still has a long way to go. Indian metros and urban areas of the countries are responsible for majority of the sales in the air care market. Premium specialized and value added fragranced air fresheners are growing rapidly among upper middle class consumers. Spray/Aerosol still dominates the market of air fresheners in India. Companies Mentioned Dabur India Limited Godrej Consumer Products Limited J.K. Helene Curtis Limited Procter & Gamble Home Products Private Limited Reckitt Benckiser Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Global Air Care Market Outlook 3. India Air Care Market Outlook 4. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/ngtnsw/india_air_care Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Air Fresheners Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Air Fresheners Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai GM faces hard road getting compensated for Venezuela factory TOM KRISHER and JOSHUA GOODMAN Associated Press April 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos FILE - This Friday, May 16, 2014, file photo, shows the General Motors logo at the company's world headquarters in Detroit. General Motors says it has halted operations in Venezuela after authorities seized a factory. The plant was confiscated on Wednesday, April 19, 2017, in what GM called an illegal judicial seizure of its assets. GM says its due process rights were violated and it will take legal steps to fight the seizure. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya, File)More DETROIT (AP) — General Motors became the latest corporation to have a factory or other asset seized by the government of Venezuela, and the Detroit automaker faces an uphill battle to recover any damages. GM said Thursday that its only factory in Venezuela was confiscated a day earlier, as anti-government protesters clashed with authorities in a country that is roiled by economic troubles. GM said assets such as vehicles were taken from the plant, causing the company irreparable damage. The seizure is the latest in a long string of government confiscations of factories and other assets that have been a staple of the so-called 21st century socialist revolution in Venezuela started by the late Hugo Chavez two decades ago. Venezuela is currently fighting claims of illegal asset seizures at a World Bank-sponsored arbitration panel from more than 25 companies. GM vowed to defend itself legally but getting compensated could be difficult. Under Chavez, Venezuela seized some Exxon Mobil assets. The oil giant sought compensation of $16.6 billion. The company won a $1.4 billion judgment, but earlier this year the arbitration panel determined that Venezuela had to pay only $180 million. GM can seek compensation and damages for its lost plant in several different international venues, said Nigel Blackaby, a lawyer at the Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer law firm, which has battled Venezuela in several high-profile cases in international courts. The venue depends on what treaties, if any, govern the investment, he said. While Exxon's case was heard by the World Bank panel, Freshfields has successfully pursued claims against Venezuela's government before a United Nations panel. The Venezuelan government had no comment about the GM factory. Auto production in Venezuela has nearly ground to a halt amid the country's economic collapse. The cash-strapped government has choked off car companies' access to dollars needed to import parts and repatriate profits. GM's factory in the industrial city of Valencia did not produce a single vehicle last year. Nationwide, car makers assembled just 2,849 cars in 2016, from a peak of 172,218 in 2007. Still, many car makers have stayed put in case the economy experiences a turnaround. GM has about 2,700 workers in Venezuela, where it's been the market leader for over 35 years. It also has 79 dealers that employ 3,900 people. The factory seizure arose from an almost 20-year-old lawsuit brought by a former GM dealership in western Venezuela. The dealership had been seeking damages from GM of 476 million bolivars — about $665 million at the official exchange rate, but just $115 million on the black market where many Venezuelans are forced to turn to sell their increasingly worthless currency. GM said it was notified this week that a low-level court ordered an embargo of its plant, bank accounts and other assets in the country. Hundreds of workers desperate for information about their jobs gathered at the plant on Thursday to meet with government and military officials, as well as representatives of the dealership that brought the lawsuit. In Washington, the State Department said in a statement that it was reviewing details of the factory seizure and called on Venezuelan authorities to resolve the case "rapidly and transparently." The statement said a fair judicial system is critical to economic reforms that would restore growth, but it made no mention of any action the U.S. government might take. In July of last year, the Venezuelan government took control of a factory belonging to Kimberly-Clark Corp. after the U.S. personal care giant said it was no longer possible to manufacture in the crisis-wracked nation due to a lack of materials. President Nicolas Maduro accused Kimberly-Clark of participating in an international plot to damage Venezuela's economy. In recent years, Bridgestone, General Mills, Procter & Gamble, Ford Motor Co. and other multinational corporations have also scaled back operations in Venezuela. Ford suspended operations at its Valencia plant in December due to slumping sales. Toyota said its lone factory in Cumana, Venezuela, continues to operate normally. GM's Venezuelan operations have been a drag on earnings for several years. In the second quarter of 2015, the company took a $720 million charge for currency devaluation and asset valuation write-downs as the economy faltered. South American operations, which include Venezuela, account for about 6 percent GM's total sales. Last year, GM lost $400 million before taxes in South America, but overall it made a pretax profit of $12.5 billion. Shares of General Motors Co. rose 31 cents to close at $34.10. ___ Goodman reported from Caracas. Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit and Christopher Rugaber in Washington contributed to this report. More Associated Press reporting on Venezuela's problems can be found at https://www.ap.org/explore/venezuela-undone Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Las Vegas police capture exotic rodent on the loose in parking lot 166 reactions4%77%19% Citywide power outage in San Francisco and more: April 21 in photos 31 reactions7%86%7% Obama's photographer takes down Sarah Palin with one very classy Instagram photo 1442 reactions5%69%26% Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina 1908 reactions3%75%22% Best animal friendships 19 reactions12%69%19% Parents, school administrators talk with Caitlyn Jenner about transgender issues: Part 3 6 reactions0%75%25% Fox News and Combating the Victim Blaming Culture 2 reactions Woman shares honest before and after photos of 180-pound weight loss 426 reactions14%61%25% US pilot ejects from jet approaching carrier headed for Korean peninsula 855 reactions3%72%25% AP Explains: How a single Trump sentence enraged South Korea 7444 reactions4%63%33% A mother seeks cancer treatment for her son during Venezuela’s health crisis 18 reactions0%75%25% A Transgender Surgical Journey 19 reactions7%62%31% Trump: First 100 Days Is 'ridiculous' – Except When It's Not 3 reactions0%0%100% Inside the isolated cabin where Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins were found 185 reactions7%75%18% Patriots QB Jacoby Brissett writes thank-you note to Barack Obama 7875 reactions7%57%36% Lawyer tells rape trial jury women are 'good' at lying 802 reactions4%67%29% Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina Dr. Pierce: Why do Democrats resist voter identification? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.9k
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Finance US rejects Exxon’s Russia request Donald Trump’s ‘Game of Thrones’ Priceline’s secret weapon in retail war Aussies stash $7.6m an hour Rise of the ‘low-bills’ lifestyle Aldi workers ‘treated like slaves’ CBA hits customers with rate hikes Bad news for online shoppers economy world economy Venezuela seizes General Motors factory April 21, 201710:43am Video Image VENZUELA: Protesters Sing As Smoke Fills Caracas Streets April 201:04 Protesters in the streets of Caracas, Venezuela, sang and threw tear gas canisters back at police as they faced a cloud of smoke and gas on April 20. Demonstrations resumed on Thursday following large-scale protests the previous day in which at least three people were killed, according to reports. Anti-government protests surged in Venezuela after the Supreme Court decided to strip power from the opposition-controlled National Assembly in March. That decision was reversed three days later. In a separate move, Venezuela?s comptroller banned opposition leader Henrique Capriles from holding political office for 15 years, fueling additional outrage in the country. Opposition politicians claim that President Nicholas Maduro engaging in a coup and deliberately stalling elections. Credit: Juan Andres Mejia via Storyful April 21st 2017 a day ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ A security guard stands behind a fence at the General Motors assembly plant in Valencia, Venezuela. GM says it has halted operations in Venezuela after authorities seized its factory. Picture: Juan Carlos Hernandez/AP AP Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend GENERAL Motors became the latest corporation to have a factory or other asset seized by the socialist government of Venezuela, and the Detroit automaker faces an uphill battle to recover any damages. GM said Thursday that its only factory in Venezuela was confiscated a day earlier, as anti-government protesters clashed with authorities in a country that is roiled by economic troubles. GM said assets such as vehicles were taken from the plant, causing the company irreparable damage. The seizure is the latest in a long string of government confiscations of factories and other assets that have been a staple of the so-called 21st century socialist revolution in Venezuela started by the late Hugo Chavez two decades ago. Venezuela is currently fighting claims of illegal asset seizures at a World Bank-sponsored arbitration panel from more than 25 companies. GM vowed to defend itself legally but getting compensated could be difficult. Under Chavez, Venezuela seized some Exxon Mobil assets. The oil giant sought compensation of $US16.6 billion ($22.07 billion). The company won a $US1.4 billion ($1.86 billion) judgment, but earlier this year the arbitration panel determined that Venezuela had to pay only $US180 million ($239 million). GM can seek compensation and damages for its lost plant in several different international venues, said Nigel Blackaby, a lawyer at the Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer law firm, which has battled Venezuela in several high-profile cases in international courts. The venue depends on what treaties, if any, govern the investment, he said. While Exxon’s case was heard by the World Bank panel, Freshfields has successfully pursued claims against Venezuela’s government before a United Nations panel. The Venezuelan government had no comment about the GM factory. Auto production in Venezuela has nearly ground to a halt amid the country’s economic collapse. The cash-strapped government has choked off car companies’ access to dollars needed to import parts and repatriate profits. The factory did not produce a single car last year. Picture: Marcos Guedez/AFPSource:AFP GM’s factory in the industrial city of Valencia did not produce a single vehicle last year. Nationwide, car makers assembled just 2849 cars in 2016, from a peak of 172,218 in 2007. Still, many car makers have stayed put in case the economy experiences a turnaround. GM has about 2700 workers in Venezuela, where it’s been the market leader for over 35 years. It also has 79 dealers that employ 3900 people. The factory seizure arose from an almost 20-year-old lawsuit brought by a former GM dealership in western Venezuela. The dealership had been seeking damages from GM of 476 million bolivars — about $US665 million ($884 million) at the official exchange rate, but just $US115 million ($153 million) on the black market where many Venezuelans are forced to turn to sell their increasingly worthless currency. GM said it was notified this week that a low-level court ordered an embargo of its plant, bank accounts and other assets in the country. Hundreds of workers desperate for information about their jobs gathered at the plant on Thursday to meet with government and military officials, as well as representatives of the dealership that brought the lawsuit. In Washington, the State Department said in a statement that it was reviewing details of the factory seizure and called on Venezuelan authorities to resolve the case “rapidly and transparently.” The statement said a fair judicial system is critical to economic reforms that would restore growth, but it made no mention of any action the US government might take. In July of last year, the Venezuelan government took control of a factory belonging to Kimberly-Clark Corp. after the US personal care giant said it was no longer possible to manufacture in the crisis-wracked nation due to a lack of materials. President Nicolas Maduro accused Kimberly-Clark of participating in an international plot to damage Venezuela’s economy. In recent years, Bridgestone, General Mills, Procter & Gamble, Ford Motor Co. and other multinational corporations have also scaled back operations in Venezuela. Ford suspended operations at its Valencia plant in December due to slumping sales. Toyota said its lone factory in Cumana, Venezuela, continues to operate normally. GM’s Venezuelan operations have been a drag on earnings for several years. In the second quarter of 2015, the company took a $US720 million ($957 million) charge for currency devaluation and asset valuation writedowns as the economy faltered. South American operations, which include Venezuela, account for about six per cent GM’s total sales. Last year, GM lost $US400 million ($532 million) before taxes in South America, but overall it made a pretax profit of $US12.5 billion ($16.62 billion). Shares of General Motors Co. rose 31 cents to close at $US34.10. Jump back to top Right now in finance 107Readers Daniel Milos cocaine: Mariosarti owner bailed on cocaine cha... 83Readers Priceline’s $29m payday: How pharmacy chain found retail suc... 73Readers Gold in piano: Couple who donated piano to school likely to ... 65Readers How to save money: The rise of the ‘low bill’, off the grid ... 65Readers Real estate writer reveals all: What ‘charming cottage’ real... finance breaking news 09:07Italy credit rating now just above junk 19:49French yields fall, euro steadies 17:09Iron ore price helps drive market up 16:47Stocks of interest on the ASX this week 16:52Kogan lifts full-year earnings forecast A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEST (GMT +10).
