Thailand Press Release News search General Business Entertainment IT Stcoks Lifestyle Telecom Energy Properties Automotive Heathcare Events ฝากข่าวประชาสัมพันธ์ PG Childrens Safe Drinking Water Program Celebrates World Water Day in Myanmar By contributing 750,000 days of clean drinking water to transform lives in needs. General Press Releases Wednesday April 5, 2017 12:40 Bangkok--5 Apr--Four Hundred Procter & Gamble (P&G) and its international partners will celebrate the 25thanniversary of World Water Day in an effort to do their part to help end the global water crisis. Through the P&G Children's Safe Drinking Water (CSDW) Program, more than 15 countries will deploy campaigns designed to raise awareness to further CSDW's ability to bring clean drinking water to those who do not have access. Procter & Gamble (P&G) has been standing in Myanmar as respected corporation which is helping to improve Myanmar people lives with its trusted and quality brands. Moreover, P&G and its esteemed partners celebrate their 4th year of 10 Merits of donating water (or 'Yay A Jo Sal Parr') campaign together with World Water Day, to transform lives through power of clean water. According to official figures from the Myanmar Ministry of Health and the World Health Organization (WHO), around 20% of Myanmar children dying under the age of five die from diarrhea – twice as much as global average and around the same as in Sub-Saharan Africa where water is often scarce[2]. With a support by Myanmar people, P&G will donate one day of clean drinking water for every P&G product purchased during May-June at our key retailers including City Mart and Ocean. The goal of the campaign is to raise funds to contribute 750,000 days of clean drinking water through World Vision Myanmar. Last year, the program has delivered 200 million liters of clean water during the flood relief effort in Myanmar. U.S. Ambassador, Mr. Scot Marciel said, "We congratulate Procter & Gamble for their continued efforts in improving health & hygiene for the fourth consecutive year in Myanmar through their '10 Merits of Donating Water' program. This will help transform the lives of many communities in Myanmar by making clean drinking water accessible". Director U Aung Ko Latt, Academy awarded and famous film maker said he has been supporting P&G clean water donation program of "10 Merits of Donating Clean Water" for four years and very proud to participate in this campaign to support the lives of Myanmar People. Mr. Raffy Fajardo, Managing Director, Procter and Gamble Thailand, Myanmar and Laos said, "P&G is proud and honored to celebrate this fourth year of "10 Merits of Water Donation" Campaign and World Water Day. P&G has been continuously and successfully implementing this campaign. We believe that this will help Myanmar People to get access to clean drinking water and promote health, hygiene and improve the quality of life. We would like to express our gratitude, for the successful collaboration, to many partners including the Myanmar government, Yangon City Development Committee (YCDC), Public Health, the U.S. government, media, local business partners and non-profit-organization – World Vision Myanmar and our precious volunteer - for their continuous support to provide P&G purification packets for emergency relief in major natural disasters in Myanmar". "World Vision has been working in partnership with P&G providing clean and purified water in emergencies since 2008. Together we continue to ensure the Health and Well Being of Children and Families in Myanmar during the time of greatest need. We look forward to building on this collaboration for greater impact." Said Moe Thu, Associate Director - Humanitarian & Emergency Affairs, World Vision International - Myanmar. In 2004, P&G created the CSDW Program to provide clean drinking water to those who lacked it. P&G scientists used cleaning technology research to invent the P&G Purifier of Water packets in partnership with the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The Company, which has a strong history of innovation with brands such as Pantene, Head & Shoulders, Arial, Gillette etc, used its innovative capability to pack the power of a water treatment plant into a small four gram sachet. The technology is simple to use, with only a bucket, a spoon, a cloth and a small P&G packet, people can purify 10 liters of dirty, potentially deadly water in only 30 minutes providing enough drinking water for a family of five for one day. Latest Press Release UNTITLED by UGO LI Oil Painting on Display at SO Galerie, SO Sofitel Hua Hin SO Sofitel Hua Hin has launched the art exhibition 'UNTITLED' by Mr. Ugo Li at SO Galerie featuring the artist himself, medias and honorable guests from Tourism Authority of Thailand, Phetchaburi Office: Regional Director, Khun Akkrawit Thapasit and... Guests can now stay connected at Movenpick Hotel Sukhumvit 15 Bangkok with the launching of the hotels new feature the handy smartphone. When booking an Executive Room or Suite, guests staying at the Mövenpick Hotel Sukhumvit 15 Bangkok can now enjoy complimentary unlimited international and local calls, as well as unlimited 4G mobile internet, through the launch of the "handy"... King Salman of Saudi Arabia Honours Globally Acclaimed Scientists With Top Award King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud of Saudi Arabia honoured the winners of the King Faisal International Prize 2017 at a glittering ceremony here today in the presence of an elite gathering of princes, ministers, top officials, thought leaders, scholars,... PG Childrens Safe Drinking Water Program Celebrates World Water Day in Myanmar By contributing 750,000 days of clean drinking water to transform lives in needs. Procter & Gamble (P&G) and its international partners will celebrate the 25thanniversary of World Water Day in an effort to do their part to help end the global water crisis. Through the P&G Children's Safe Drinking Water (CSDW) Program, more... Relaxing Afternoon Tea At Mellow, Cape Dara Resort Pattaya All through the holiday season, At mellow, you can join friends for a taste of tradition at our Classic Afternoon Tea, served anywhere you want in the resort.Treats include homemade bakery such as coconut cake, brownies, chocolate and butter... Related Topics international World Water Day Anniversary, CELEBRATE IN MYANMAR Waterpro partners National Children partner Wednesday April 5, 2017 14:03 © 2007 - 2017 Tasang Limited, All Rights Reserved 0.0139s/1,049k [TH]
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation 12:23 April 5, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – Procter and Gamble Following a major overhaul of its local operations and investment in a new NZ distribution partner, Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble (P&G) says research shows the NZ market has strong growth potential.New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Following a major overhaul of its local operations and investment in a new NZ distribution partner, Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble (P&G) says research shows the NZ market has strong growth potential. Managing director of P&G New Zealand and Australia, Antoine Brun says the industry is looking for category growth – providing a unique opportunity for retailers and suppliers. “We observe that overall – consumption in the categories where we operate in NZ is essentially flat and even declining in some categories – so we feel we have a role to play in partnering with retailers to achieve total category growth. “Innovation is first and foremost what can accelerate market growth” adds Brun. “Innovation starts with superior products that improve consumers’ lives, but it goes beyond, for example with the way we present the products in store.” Brun says that in some categories: “We haven’t done the job to make the shopping experience efficient nor experiential”, leading to a commoditisation of the categories. “We need to shift our mindset from treating the shopper as a ‘family manager’ only, who is simply buying commodities and driven heavily by price and promotion – to treating the shopper as a woman or a man, understanding their distinct needs and offering them the most compelling in-store experience every day. “We are focused on working with our NZ retailer partners to innovate the in-store design and enhance the total shopping experience, using our learnings in category management from other markets including expertise in shopper psychology.” P&G, which has been supporting the NZ market for over 30 years with its stable of beauty, personal care and household brands, is also introducing a range of new product innovations and increasing media spend as it plans for further growth in the market. “We have invested significantly in appointing a distributor partner – Diplomat NZ – to give our NZ business independent focus – with its own integrated local operations in market. “Our media investment in NZ has almost doubled in the past two years and by having more local talent working on the P&G business, we’re more in-touch with NZ retailers and consumers. Brun says P&G’s NZ business is growing, with retail sales up for the first time in 5 years, and share growing this year in its product categories. “We aspire to be the innovation leaders of our industry and we are accelerating our investment in new product categories to help bring the world’s best product innovation and value to NZ consumers.” The company has recently launched a new range of toothpaste, Oral-B Pro-Health Advanced, which is backed by clinical trials showing unprecedented care for areas like cavities, gum health and whitening. Other P&G brands in NZ include Gillette, Vicks, Metamucil, Pantene, Herbal Essences, Olay, Head & Shoulders, Venus, Clearblue, Braun and Ambi Pur. -Ends- Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Kaikoura access: no access to town by road from 10pm 5/4/17 P10 Series: First smartphone with Te Reo Operating System Detailed engineering assessments for Luggate Hall Latest income and welfare changes fall short of addressing n Heightened readiness for Stink Bug threat New Ford Ranger and Everest Special Editions Coming in May Airways New Zealand marks 30 years of operations Asking LGNZ for legal opinion on living wage a sensible move Weather and Roading Update #5 4:30pm Automatic Wet Umbrella Baggers Becoming a Staple Item Silvermoon team up with Tactix Power outages across Counties Manukau UPDATE: Severe weather flooding around Waikato district Commodity prices edge up in March on higher meat/wool prices Regional council takes first steps on living wage Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Gillette Lowers Prices By 20%, Hopes Customers Come Back Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Gillette Lowers Prices By 20%, Hopes Customers Come Back Image courtesy of Kevin Dooley April 4, 2017 3:29 pm EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup shaving off 12% price cut price cuts procter and gamble procter & gamble gillette dollar shave club The razor brand Gillette wants its market share back. The company, part of the Procter & Gamble consumer goods conglomerate, isn’t fighting years of falling sales by adding blades and features to its razors for once. It’s cutting prices by as much as 20%. The problem, The Wall Street Journal reports today, is that might not be enough to win their customers back. The data tracking firm Euromonitor says that Gillette had about 54% of the U.S. market for razors last year, down from 70% in 2010. P&G says that its own numbers are less dismal, but doesn’t disagree that its sales are down. Its sales have fallen every year for the last six years, actually. They can’t even blame Dollar Shave Club (now owned by competing consumer goods conglomerate Unilever) for that decline: They only started selling razor subscriptions online five years ago. One big problem with Gillette’s arms race is that the company is only ever advertising its newest, priciest products — failing to remind people that not ever razor it sells has 72 blades and a mini speaker that plays ego-boosting affirmations while you shave. “We need to do a better job of telling guys we are available for them at a multitude of price points,” a spokeswoman for the Gillette brand told the WSJ. In an effort to re-associate the Gillette brand with affordability, it will cut prices across its entire line by up to 20%, averaging 12% across the whole brand. At this point, that might not be enough. An endcap display of startup brand Harry’s razors in Target stores appealed to customers so much that soon the brand took over half of the retailer’s razor sales. That’s sure to end when the in-store promotion does, but it’s clear that consumers are open to something different and cheaper. One of the co-founders of Harry’s, Jeffrey Raider, told the WSJ that he thinks that his company can stay competitive with Gillette even if its deep-pocketed competitor lowers its prices. “[T]here is significant pent-up frustration among guys that Gillette has been methodically overcharging them for decades,” he observes. Plus, they can order refills for that Harry’s razor that they bought at Target without having to go to a store! Remember that what Gillette really could do is make a durable ceramic blade that lasts longer than a week, but that doesn’t fit in its business model. You don’t see Schick, Harry’s, Dollar Shave Club, or store brands selling blades that last for a year, either, though. Gillette is still looking for ways to innovate and sell razors with something that its competitors don’t yet have. The company filed a patent last month for a battery-powered razor that includes a fine heating element. April 4, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup shaving off 12% price cut price cuts procter and gamble procter & gamble gillette dollar shave club Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related a close shave Gillette Suing Dollar Shave Club Claiming Razor Subscription Service Infringes On Its Patents looking sharp Gillette Wants To Sell You A Fancy New Razor That Works With Older Blades the first rule of wash club Procter & Gamble’s New Idea To Move More Tide Pods: Automatic Subscriptions razor wars Half Of Razors Sold At Target Now From Harry’s slinging blades Dollar Shave Club Files Countersuit Against Gillette In Patent Fight Previous Comcast To Discontinue Some Ads That Take Aim At DirecTV Next Shareholders Say Parent Company Of Jared & Kay Jewelers Hid Sexual Harassment Allegations Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Shareholders Say Parent Company Of Jared & Kay Jewelers Hid Sexual Harassment Allegations Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Kitcatt Nohr Founders Win $3.2 Million Case Against Publicis Advertisement NEXT:Hill Holliday and John Hancock Want You to Help 'Retirement Rookie' David Ortiz Decide What to Do Next PREVIOUS:MullenLowe Beats Out R/GA, 72andSunny and GS&P to Win E*Trade Agencies Kitcatt Nohr Founders Win $3.2 Million Case Against Publicis By Erik Oster on Apr. 4, 2017 - 2:11 PMComment Back in February, we learned that the founders of Kitcatt Nohr Alexander Shaw, the independent U.K. agency that sold to Publicis in 2011, were suing Publicis for allegedly misleading them about a failing relationship with P&G at the time. Publicis purchased the independent agency back in 2011 with the intention of merging it with DigitasLBi’s London office. The acquisition included an earn-out tied to the future performance of Kitcatt Nohr Alexander Shaw, and the agency alleged that Publicis assured them that its relationship with P&G—upon which its future performance was heavily dependent—was strong. This despite the fact that, according to KNAS’ lawyer, the “impending loss of Digitas UK’s P&G business had in fact been widely anticipated within Publicis and DigitasLBi UK since as early as July 2010.” Today, Campaign reports that High Court judge Mr Justice Males ruled in favor of the agency’s founders, awarding the claimants £2.6 million (approximately $3.2 million) and finding that Publicis Groupe subsidiary MMS breached the buyer warranty over the 2011 purchase of the agency. Campaign adds that he has not yet ruled on costs, which could add another £2 million. The claimants argue they should have been awarded £3.6 million and reportedly plan to appeal. Campaign notes the discrepancy is related to “the treatment of IT fees charged by Publicis’ internal Shared Service Centre.” As co-founder Kitcatt told Campaign, this judgment effectively proves that Publicis agencies including Saatchi and Leo Burnett London planned to “take business away from Kitcatt Nohr Digitas.” He also noted that Maurice Lévy didn’t “honour their agreements” and didn’t bother to show up in court either but instead tried to draw out the court case in order to make victory more difficult while “pretend[ing] there was no deal, and pretend[ing] again they knew nothing about the ad agencies’ plans.” “It’s a massive moral victory and proof that the big guys don’t always win,” wrote Marc Nohr in an email to AgencySpy today. “Things can work out if you do the right thing, as Spike Lee once said.” < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Awards, Honors & Events Intern Adweek New York City, New York (US) Features Editor, Consumer Reports Magazine Consumer Reports Yonkers, New York Editorial Intern Haymarket Media Group Northbrook, Illinois (US) Oncology Writer Haymarket Media Group New York City, New York (US) Ad Sales Account Manager Adweek New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Gillette, Bleeding Market Share, Cuts Prices of Razors The Wall Street Journal. Sharon Terlep 15 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Panera Bread in advanced sale talks with JAB Holdings: source CNN had a problem, and Donald Trump solved it Gillette, which dominates the global razor business, has long followed a simple and lucrative strategy: Add new features and raise prices. Quotes in the article Procter & Gamble Co PG ▲ 89.91 +0.23 +0.26% Barclays PLC BCS ▼ 10.86 -0.24 -2.16% Unilever PLC UL = 49.22 0.00 0.00% Target Corp TGT ▼ 53.43 -0.60 -1.11% But the 115-year-old brand is changing tactics this month by slashing prices and putting a new focus on its cheaper products. The Procter & Gamble Co. unit hopes to stop defections of its U.S. customers to online startups like Dollar Shave Club and Harry’s that sell lower-priced razors and blades. Gillette’s plan to cut prices by as much as 20% jolted Wall Street. “An act of desperation on Gillette?” asked Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman, in a research note soon after the announcement in February by P&G. New data show Gillette has lost U.S. market share for six straight years. Its share of the men’s-razors business fell to 54% in 2016, down from 59% in 2015 and more than 70% in 2010, according to figures released Tuesday by data-tracking firm Euromonitor. P&G says its internal numbers show a lesser decline. Gillette razors and blades are important, high-margin products for P&G, which bought the business for $57 billion in 2005. The Cincinnati giant finds itself under the microscope after Trian Fund Management, one of the biggest activist investors, announced in February it had built up a $3 billion stake in the company. Trian has yet to say what changes, if any, it will push for at P&G. “We are very aware of what happening in the North American landscape and we are very focused on addressing some of the challenges that we face,” Gillette spokeswoman Kara Buckley said. The decision on pricing, she said, came as the company realized the drawbacks of its singular focus on creating ever-more sophisticated razors with higher and higher prices. “We need to do a better job of telling guys we are available for them at a multitude of price points,” she said. Refills for Gillette men’s razors range from around $2 to $6 per cartridge, depending on the features, when not bought in bulk. That compares with Schick’s $2 to $2.75 per cartridge, when not bought in bulk. The cheapest Dollar Shave Club option features refills for 20-cents a cartridge. Even as lower-cost shave clubs entered the scene, P&G continued to roll out new, pricier products, such as a razor featuring a swiveling-ball hinge that allows the blade to pivot. Last month, the company filed a patent application for a razor cartridge that heats up. Among the items getting a price cut: cartridges for the Fusion razor that features five blades in a single head and a special trimmer on the back for hard-to-reach areas. A four-pack that was selling for around $19.50 will now go for closer to $15. On average, prices will fall by 12%, P&G says. P&G in recent years also launched its own competitor to online razor services, the Gillette Shave Club. Ms. Buckley said P&G will still offer and develop high-end products, but also will put more resources into marketing and expanding lower-priced product lines. The company’s upgrade last year of its lower-end Mach 3 razors and blades was the first in many years. Ms. Lieberman, the Barclay’s analyst, called Gillette’s move a “full capitulation on price,” and said she doubted it would stem the company’s market-share erosion in the long run. “We think it will be very tough to switch users back from Dollar Shave Club & Harry’s,” she wrote. Both Dollar Shave Club—acquired last year by P&G rival Unilever PLC for $1 billion—and smaller competitor Harry’s continued to grow substantially last year. Combined, the two companies’ share of the U.S. market rose to 12.2%, up from 7.2% in 2015, according to Euromonitor, which estimates both online or in-store sales. U.S. sales at Harry’s, launched in 2013, more than doubled to $113 million last year, according to Euromonitor. The growth in part came from a deal with Target Corp. to sell razors in its nearly 1,800 stores, the company’s founders said last month. Harry’s co-founder Jeffrey Raider said he was confident Harry’s could retain customers even as Gillette cut prices. “People trust that our pricing is fair,” he said. “And there is significant pent-up frustration among guys that Gillette has been methodically overcharging them for decades.” Dollar Shave Club declined to comment on Gillette’s price drop. The company said its internal data show a higher market share than Euromonitor. Edgewell Personal Care Co.’s lower-priced Schick is most vulnerable to Gillette price cuts given that the brands are sold side-by-side at retailers, according to analysts. The company also sells private-label razors, which are in growing demand. Edgewell chief executive David Hatfield said in a January earnings call that P&G “continues to do promotion levels that we’ve never seen” for Gillette. An Edgewell spokesman declined to discuss Gillette’s move or Edgewell’s plans. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal North Korea Launches Missile Into Waters off Korean Peninsula The Wall Street Journal. WSJ's Daily Shot: Health Costs Soar 180% In 15 Years The Wall Street Journal. Sessions Presses Shift at Justice Department The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News WARC 100 reveals the world’s most effective campaigns, brands and agencies LONDON, Apr 4, 2017 – (ACN Newswire) – WARC today announces the 2017 results of the WARC 100, an annual ranking of the world’s best marketing campaigns and companies according to their business impact. Procter & Gamble, Vodafone, BBDO Worldwide, adam&eveDDB and WPP are among the organisations at the top of this year’s rankings, which are based on performance in effectiveness and strategy competitions around the world. The top-ranked campaign was the highly awarded ‚Share the Load’, developed by BBDO Mumbai and Mediacom Mumbai for Procter & Gamble’s Ariel detergent brand in India. The campaign film, in which men were encouraged to share the weight of household chores, was supported by campaign-specific packaging, and was spread across online, cinema and TVCs. As 1.57 million men pledged to ‚share the load’, Ariel more than doubled value and volume sales, which grew 106% and 105% respectively. Now in its fourth year, the WARC 100 is built on a rigorous methodology, developed in consultation with Douglas West, Professor of Marketing at Kings College, London. Looking at this year’s top 100 campaigns, key findings include: 1. Data-driven creative hits the top 10 Two of the top ten campaigns this year are those that have seen success from the smart use of data to drive creative and media strategy. The Economist used a targeted programmatic display campaign to reach new prospects with humorous and accessible tagline ads. The campaign hit 50% of target in 9 days, with a return on investment of over 25:1. In sixth place, a big data campaign for Australian swimming pool builder Narellan Pools took a ‚moment marketing’ approach. Customers were targeted at the precise times they were most likely to buy a pool, with focused creative motivating purchase decisions. The campaign increased direct leads by 11% and sales by 23% year on year. At a time when the ad tech industry is under attack in some quarters, these campaigns show how, when used smartly, programmatic techniques can open up new creative and media opportunities. 2. There was a strong showing for stunt or event-based campaigns, as well as big-budget TV Campaigns built around an event or stunt also ranked highly this year. ‚Rabbit Race’, a seasonal live event and stream involving rabbits racing for customers of Media Markt in Germany to win in-store prizes, was the fourth-ranked campaign of 2017. More than 21 million people watched the races, prompting the electronics retailer to make the stunt an annual event, with consumers spending on average ?8.60 more than the previous Easter. The number-three campaign in the 2017 rankings was ‚Lucy the Robot’, a news-grabbing stunt in which Double Robotics, an American technology company, created a telepresence robot called Lucy to be first in line to buy a new iPhone 6s outside a Sydney Apple store. The stunt aimed to launch the company into the Australian market, and was covered in 4,000 news stories globally, resulting in more than 12,000 sales enquiries worth more than $44 million. However, beating these two campaigns into the top two positions were Share the Load and John Lewis’ Christmas campaigns – both big-budget, big-idea,TV-led campaigns. There were plenty of other examples in the top 20 showing the power of TV-led work, including campaigns for Old Spice, Snickers, IKEA and Sainsbury’s. 3. Procter & Gamble retains its lead as No. 1 advertiser over Unilever Procter & Gamble is for the second year in a row the top advertiser for 2017, though its lead over Unilever has decreased since last year. With five campaigns in the top 100 versus Unilever’s three, the success of campaigns for its Ariel, Always and Old Spice brands have cemented P&G’s position as No.1. 4. Vodafone wins top brand as Coca-Cola and McDonalds drop from 1st and 2nd place for the first time Vodafone has had an extremely consistent year in terms of award wins across campaigns and regions. With only two campaigns in the top 100, but multiple wins at fifteen separate awards competitions, the brand accrued enough points to take it into the lead. For the first year since 2014, Coca-Cola and McDonalds do not occupy positions one and two in the brands ranking. Both have dropped down the rankings in a year when neither had a campaign in the top 100. New entries to the top 10 include UK department store John Lewis at No. 3, as a result of its series of highly effective Christmas campaigns; Dove, with its continued socially progressive stance; and Snickers, through campaigns including their big-budget TV campaign ‚You’re not you when you’re hungry’. David Tiltman, Head of Content at WARC, says: „This year’s WARC 100 reflects an industry in flux. It’s clear from the rankings that TV-led, ‚big idea’ advertising, when executed well, is still highly effective. But we’re seeing a range of alternative approaches also capable of generating business results – from data-driven ‚moment marketing’ to stunts or events designed to focus consumer attention. One of the big questions in the industry at the moment is whether these alternative approaches build brands and deliver results in the long term as well as at the time of the campaign.” WARC 100 winners 2017 Full results can be found at www.warc.com/warc100.100?tab=Results. What the winners say: Marc Pritchard, Global Brand Officer, Procter & Gamble, says: „We believe that advertising is a powerful force for growth and good, and we want to be the very best at it. We’ve had a focused effort to raise the bar on our creative quality and work with the best agency partners to deliver growth for our brands. It’s great to see the positive results of our efforts in rankings such as the WARC 100.” Sir Martin Sorrell, CEO of WPP, says: „At a time when questions are being raised about the effectiveness of certain marketing channels, it is more important than ever that we focus on the power of creativity and ideas to deliver tangible business results for our clients. The WARC 100 ranking shows we are doing exactly that. My thanks and congratulations to everyone in the Group who contributed to this success.” Andrew Robertson, President and CEO, BBDO Worldwide, says: „BBDO is all about The Work, The Work, The Work. Great work that works great. The best results come from smart thinking that drives brilliant creativity. That?s why this ranking matters to us. This year we had the top ranked campaign in the world, four of the top ten individually ranked agencies, and were the number one network in the world ? for the fourth consecutive year ? all of which demonstrates the strength and depth of the network.” Josy Paul, Chairman and Chief Creative Officer, BBDO India, says: „We are thrilled that our #ShareTheLoad campaign for P&G Ariel is ranked the #1 campaign in the world. Ouch! That’s us pinching ourselves! To be recognised as creating the most effective campaign in the world, the campaign that impacted business results better than any other campaign ? that’s monumental! We’re going to celebrate with our amazing P&G clients. Because we did this all together. We share the load. We share the win.” Kathy Ring, CEO, Starcom USA, says: „Starcom’s recognition in this year?s Warc 100 is truly a testament to our client-first approach. Our interdependent team of over 1300 people from across the U.S. have demonstrated our commitment, passion and dedication to our clients’ brands and business success and it is sincerely an honour to have this work recognised industrywide.” Methodology WARC 100 The WARC 100 is a ranking of advertising and marketing campaigns that have worked. WARC tracks advertising competitions around the world ? all of which require entrants to show the business impact of a campaign, rather than solely recognizing the campaign?s creativity. WARC tracked more than 2,000 winners in more than 80 different effectiveness and strategy competitions to compile the rankings. WARC assigns points to these campaigns (and the brands and agencies behind them) based on the prizes they win in those competitions. Each competition is weighted based on how rigorous and prestigious it is ? WARC determines this via results from a poll of more than 100 senior strategists in markets around the world. The rigorous methodology was developed in consultation with Professor Douglas West, Professor of Marketing at King?s College London. The methodology is applied consistently across all competitions tracked. About WARC – Advertising evidence, insights and best practice WARC.com is an online service offering advertising best practice, evidence and insights from the world?s leading brands. WARC helps clients grow their businesses by using proven approaches to maximise advertising effectiveness. WARC?s clients include the world?s largest advertising and media agencies, research companies, universities and advertisers. In addition to The WARC Innovation Awards, WARC runs three other case study competitions: The WARC Prize for Asian Strategy, The WARC Media Awards and The WARC Awards. WARC also publishes leading journals including Admap, Market Leader, the Journal of Advertising Research and the International Journal of the Market Research Society. In addition to its own content, WARC features advertising case studies and best practices from more than 50 respected industry sources, including: ARF, Effies, Cannes Lions, ESOMAR and IPA. Founded in 1985, WARC is privately owned and has offices in the UK, U.S. and Singapore. Contact: 
Amanda Benfell
PR Manager, Warc
Email: [email protected]
Tel: +44 20 7467 8125
 Source: WARC – Advertising evidence, insights and best practice Topic: Press release summary Sectors: Media, Advertising http://www.acnnewswire.com From the Asia Corporate News Network Copyright © 2017 ACN Newswire. All rights reserved. A division of Asia Corporate News Network. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMedia, Advertising Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Senior Project Designer Melissa Strickland Joins HLW International New Jersey Team Next PostNext Plastic No More… Also in Kenya Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Resonator Intake Ducts Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Global Automotive Resonator Intake Ducts Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Global Automotive Resonator Intake Ducts Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Global and China Propylene Glycol Methyl Ether Acetate (PMAC) Market Research Reports Includes Most Effective Strategies Adopted by Prominent Players Global and China Propylene Glycol Methyl Ether Acetate (PMAC) Market Research Reports Includes Most Effective Strategies Adopted by Prominent Players Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Tuesday April 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage WARC 100 reveals the world's most effective campaigns, brands and agencies By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 5, 2017  /  Comments Off on WARC 100 reveals the world's most effective campaigns, brands and agencies       Print       Email MIL OSI – WARC 100: Top 10 global advertising campaigns 2017 – Top campaigns feature mix of TV-led work, stunts and data-driven creative Ariel’s ‘Share The Load’ is world’s top ranked ad – Procter & Gamble retains its lead as no.1 advertiser – Vodafone wins top brand as Coca-Cola and McDonald’s drop from 1st and 2nd place for the first time – BBDO Worldwide, adam&eveDDB, Starcom New York lead network and agency rankings LONDON, Apr 4, 2017 – (ACN Newswire) – WARC today announces the 2017 results of the WARC 100, an annual ranking of the world’s best marketing campaigns and companies according to their business impact. Procter & Gamble, Vodafone, BBDO Worldwide, adam&eveDDB and WPP are among the organisations at the top of this year’s rankings, which are based on performance in effectiveness and strategy competitions around the world. The top-ranked campaign was the highly awarded ‘Share the Load’, developed by BBDO Mumbai and Mediacom Mumbai for Procter & Gamble’s Ariel detergent brand in India. The campaign film, in which men were encouraged to share the weight of household chores, was supported by campaign-specific packaging, and was spread across online, cinema and TVCs. As 1.57 million men pledged to ‘share the load’, Ariel more than doubled value and volume sales, which grew 106% and 105% respectively. Now in its fourth year, the WARC 100 is built on a rigorous methodology, developed in consultation with Douglas West, Professor of Marketing at Kings College, London. Looking at this year’s top 100 campaigns, key findings include: 1. Data-driven creative hits the top 10 Two of the top ten campaigns this year are those that have seen success from the smart use of data to drive creative and media strategy. The Economist used a targeted programmatic display campaign to reach new prospects with humorous and accessible tagline ads. The campaign hit 50% of target in 9 days, with a return on investment of over 25:1. In sixth place, a big data campaign for Australian swimming pool builder Narellan Pools took a ‘moment marketing’ approach. Customers were targeted at the precise times they were most likely to buy a pool, with focused creative motivating purchase decisions. The campaign increased direct leads by 11% and sales by 23% year on year. At a time when the ad tech industry is under attack in some quarters, these campaigns show how, when used smartly, programmatic techniques can open up new creative and media opportunities. 2. There was a strong showing for stunt or event-based campaigns, as well as big-budget TV Campaigns built around an event or stunt also ranked highly this year. ‘Rabbit Race’, a seasonal live event and stream involving rabbits racing for customers of Media Markt in Germany to win in-store prizes, was the fourth-ranked campaign of 2017. More than 21 million people watched the races, prompting the electronics retailer to make the stunt an annual event, with consumers spending on average ?8.60 more than the previous Easter. The number-three campaign in the 2017 rankings was ‘Lucy the Robot’, a news-grabbing stunt in which Double Robotics, an American technology company, created a telepresence robot called Lucy to be first in line to buy a new iPhone 6s outside a Sydney Apple store. The stunt aimed to launch the company into the Australian market, and was covered in 4,000 news stories globally, resulting in more than 12,000 sales enquiries worth more than $44 million. However, beating these two campaigns into the top two positions were Share the Load and John Lewis’ Christmas campaigns – both big-budget, big-idea,TV-led campaigns. There were plenty of other examples in the top 20 showing the power of TV-led work, including campaigns for Old Spice, Snickers, IKEA and Sainsbury’s. 3. Procter & Gamble retains its lead as No. 1 advertiser over Unilever Procter & Gamble is for the second year in a row the top advertiser for 2017, though its lead over Unilever has decreased since last year. With five campaigns in the top 100 versus Unilever’s three, the success of campaigns for its Ariel, Always and Old Spice brands have cemented P&G’s position as No.1. 4. Vodafone wins top brand as Coca-Cola and McDonalds drop from 1st and 2nd place for the first time Vodafone has had an extremely consistent year in terms of award wins across campaigns and regions. With only two campaigns in the top 100, but multiple wins at fifteen separate awards competitions, the brand accrued enough points to take it into the lead. For the first year since 2014, Coca-Cola and McDonalds do not occupy positions one and two in the brands ranking. Both have dropped down the rankings in a year when neither had a campaign in the top 100. New entries to the top 10 include UK department store John Lewis at No. 3, as a result of its series of highly effective Christmas campaigns; Dove, with its continued socially progressive stance; and Snickers, through campaigns including their big-budget TV campaign ‘You’re not you when you’re hungry’. David Tiltman, Head of Content at WARC, says: “This year’s WARC 100 reflects an industry in flux. It’s clear from the rankings that TV-led, ‘big idea’ advertising, when executed well, is still highly effective. But we’re seeing a range of alternative approaches also capable of generating business results – from data-driven ‘moment marketing’ to stunts or events designed to focus consumer attention. One of the big questions in the industry at the moment is whether these alternative approaches build brands and deliver results in the long term as well as at the time of the campaign.” WARC 100 winners 2017 Full results can be found at www.warc.com/warc100.100?tab=Results. What the winners say: Marc Pritchard, Global Brand Officer, Procter & Gamble, says: “We believe that advertising is a powerful force for growth and good, and we want to be the very best at it. We’ve had a focused effort to raise the bar on our creative quality and work with the best agency partners to deliver growth for our brands. It’s great to see the positive results of our efforts in rankings such as the WARC 100.” Sir Martin Sorrell, CEO of WPP, says: “At a time when questions are being raised about the effectiveness of certain marketing channels, it is more important than ever that we focus on the power of creativity and ideas to deliver tangible business results for our clients. The WARC 100 ranking shows we are doing exactly that. My thanks and congratulations to everyone in the Group who contributed to this success.” Andrew Robertson, President and CEO, BBDO Worldwide, says: “BBDO is all about The Work, The Work, The Work. Great work that works great. The best results come from smart thinking that drives brilliant creativity. That?s why this ranking matters to us. This year we had the top ranked campaign in the world, four of the top ten individually ranked agencies, and were the number one network in the world ? for the fourth consecutive year ? all of which demonstrates the strength and depth of the network.” Josy Paul, Chairman and Chief Creative Officer, BBDO India, says: “We are thrilled that our #ShareTheLoad campaign for P&G Ariel is ranked the #1 campaign in the world. Ouch! That’s us pinching ourselves! To be recognised as creating the most effective campaign in the world, the campaign that impacted business results better than any other campaign ? that’s monumental! We’re going to celebrate with our amazing P&G clients. Because we did this all together. We share the load. We share the win.” Kathy Ring, CEO, Starcom USA, says: “Starcom’s recognition in this year?s Warc 100 is truly a testament to our client-first approach. Our interdependent team of over 1300 people from across the U.S. have demonstrated our commitment, passion and dedication to our clients’ brands and business success and it is sincerely an honour to have this work recognised industrywide.” Methodology WARC 100 The WARC 100 is a ranking of advertising and marketing campaigns that have worked. WARC tracks advertising competitions around the world ? all of which require entrants to show the business impact of a campaign, rather than solely recognizing the campaign?s creativity. WARC tracked more than 2,000 winners in more than 80 different effectiveness and strategy competitions to compile the rankings. WARC assigns points to these campaigns (and the brands and agencies behind them) based on the prizes they win in those competitions. Each competition is weighted based on how rigorous and prestigious it is ? WARC determines this via results from a poll of more than 100 senior strategists in markets around the world. The rigorous methodology was developed in consultation with Professor Douglas West, Professor of Marketing at King?s College London. The methodology is applied consistently across all competitions tracked. About WARC – Advertising evidence, insights and best practice WARC.com is an online service offering advertising best practice, evidence and insights from the world?s leading brands. WARC helps clients grow their businesses by using proven approaches to maximise advertising effectiveness. WARC?s clients include the world?s largest advertising and media agencies, research companies, universities and advertisers. In addition to The WARC Innovation Awards, WARC runs three other case study competitions: The WARC Prize for Asian Strategy, The WARC Media Awards and The WARC Awards. WARC also publishes leading journals including Admap, Market Leader, the Journal of Advertising Research and the International Journal of the Market Research Society. In addition to its own content, WARC features advertising case studies and best practices from more than 50 respected industry sources, including: ARF, Effies, Cannes Lions, ESOMAR and IPA. Founded in 1985, WARC is privately owned and has offices in the UK, U.S. and Singapore. Contact: Amanda Benfell
PR Manager, Warc
Email: amanda.benfell@warc.com
Tel: +44 20 7467 8125 Copyright 2017 ACN Newswire. All rights reserved. www.acnnewswire.com Published and distributed with permission of ACN Newswire.     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on April 5, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 5, 2017 @ 4:23 am Filed Under: ACN Newswire, Asia Pacific Region, Business, Commerce, English, Media, Advertising, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel Tagged With: ACN Newswire NEXT ARTICLE → Secretary-General's message for the International Day for Mine Awareness and Assistance in Mine Action [scroll down for French version] ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Press release: Environment Agency takes a stand on illegal waste About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Related Articles April 4, 2017 Nanobiotix Expands Its Clinical Development in Head and Neck Cancer and Immuno-Oncology April 4, 2017 China VAST Announces 2016 Annual Results April 4, 2017 Safran Identity & Security showcases breakthrough solutions for public security at Milipol Asia-Pacific at Singapore Recent Posts Labour fail to back Lib Dem bid to kill Tory restrictions to disability benefit expert reaction to early-life penicillin use, gut microbiota, and behaviour changes in mice News story: Highways England highlights dangers faced by road workers Press release: Environment Agency takes a stand on illegal waste WARC 100 reveals the world's most effective campaigns, brands and agencies © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now With markets at all-time highs, play it safe with stocks like International Business Machines, Procter & Gamble, and Illinois Tool Works. Neha Chamaria, Tim Brugger, and Keith Noonan (Nehams) Apr 4, 2017 at 9:38AM With all three major U.S. indexes trading near all-time highs after posting solid gains in recent months, some investors are getting increasingly wary about investing in stocks right now. While a few stocks can no doubt prove risky at such lofty valuations, there are several "safe" ones that should help you sleep through volatility and safeguard your capital in the long run regardless of where the markets are. With that in mind, three of our contributors have identified International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), and Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) as safe stocks you can consider today. Here's why. Value, growth, and income Tim Brugger (IBM): Considering its stock price is up 15% over the past year, IBM may not be the first name that comes to mind as safe. However, despite its solid year, IBM has all the makings of what makes a relatively safe stock: It's undervalued, has strong growth potential, and possesses a dividend yield that's one of the best in its sector. Image source: Getty Images. CEO Ginni Rometty is laser-focused on IBM's "strategic imperatives," which include the cloud, cognitive computing, mobile, and data security, and it's paying off handsomely. IBM acquired a total of 15 companies last year, most of which were designed to bolster its strategic imperatives offerings. Last year, IBM generated $79.9 billion in total revenue, down 2% year over year. Thing is, $32.2 billion of those sales were from IBM's strategic imperative units, led by a whopping $13.7 billion in cloud-related revenue. Rometty set a target a few years ago of driving 40% of revenue from strategic imperatives sales by 2018. Last year's impressive gains in those key areas equaled 41% of total revenue, meaning IBM's transformation is a year ahead of its self-imposed schedule. As for value, IBM is currently trading at a minimal 14-plus times earnings, which is on the low end compared to its peers. The better news is that IBM stock is valued at just 12 times forward earnings, making it one of the least expensive tech stocks around. Add to that a 3.2% dividend yield and IBM is hands-down one of the safest stocks to buy right now.  Essential products and a great dividend Keith Noonan (Procter & Gamble): When it comes to safe and dependable stocks, I'm a fan of companies in the consumer essentials space that are backed by strong brands and great dividends. Procter & Gamble is a standout on both of those fronts, and, even trading at roughly 23 times forward earnings, it still looks like one of the safest stocks on the market. P&G has a wealth of products and brands that make its business well-equipped for managing economic volatility. During periods of economic stress, people will naturally cut back on spending, but the need for cleaning and hygiene products is likely to remain relatively consistent, and the company's stable of trusted brands should help it retain customer loyalty even if purse strings tighten. P&G makes category-leading products including Crest toothpaste, Tide detergent, and Bounty paper towels, and it currently has 22 brands that generate over $1 billion in annual retail sales. On the returned income side of things, P&G boasts an attractive 3% yield and one of the best dividend histories of any company on the market. It's raised its payout for sixty years running, so it's reasonable to expect that the company will continue increasing and distributing its payout even if economic conditions take a turn for the worse. Dividend-paying stocks help to insulate an investment portfolio against downward volatility by providing reliable income generation, and few companies have better dividend profiles than P&G. With its great product lineup and strong dividend, Procter & Gamble looks like one of the safest stocks you can buy. Diversification and safe returns Neha Chamaria (Illinois Tool Works): If you're looking to buy a safe stock today, I'd urge you to give serious thought to industrials heavyweight Illinois Tool Works. Illinois Tool Works is neither a purely defensive nor a purely cyclical company. It's a conglomerate with a hugely diverse portfolio that comprises seven business segments: automotive OEM, food equipment, welding, test and measurement and electronics, polymers and fluids, construction products, and specialty products. As you might've guessed, the company serves several key industries, and it is this diversification -- though the company has simplified its business structure considerably in recent years -- that has helped Illinois Tool Works keep its head above water even during recessionary periods, pushing its earnings and share price higher all along. That's exactly what you'd expect out of a "safe" stock. ITW Normalized Diluted EPS (TTM) data by YCharts. To top that, Illinois Tool Works has an incredibly strong dividend history, having increased its dividends every year for more than five decades now. Thanks to a hefty 18% hike last year, the company has now grown its dividends at a compounded average clip of 14% since 2012. Having a stable dividend to fall back on is great during volatile times. In fact, management even issued a growth guideline for all kinds of economic scenarios recently, where it expects its organic growth to be at least 200 basis points more than the market and total shareholder returns to be within a range of 8%-10% even in a low-growth environment. That's the kind of security investors need in today's uncertain times.  Keith Noonan has no position in any stocks mentioned. Neha Chamaria has no position in any stocks mentioned. Tim Brugger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Illinois Tool Works. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Neha Chamaria, Tim Brugger, and Keith Noonan (Nehams) A Fool since 2011, Neha has a keen interest in materials, industrials, and mining sectors. Her favorite pastime: Digging into 10Qs and 10Ks to pull out important information about a company and its operations that an investor may otherwise not know. Other days, you may find her decoding the big moves in stocks that catch her eye. Check back at Fool.com for her articles, or follow her on Twitter. Follow @nehamschamaria Article Info Apr 4, 2017 at 9:38AM Industrials Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $174.52 up $0.02 (0.01%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $89.91 up $0.23 (0.26%) Illinois Tool Works NYSE:ITW $131.61 up $0.03 (0.02%) Read More Billionaires Love These 3 Stocks -- but Should You? 3 Top Stocks Billionaires Love The 3 Best Stocks to Profit From the Rise of China 4 Stocks We Would Never Sell The Army Wants a Star Trek-Like Universal Translator -- and Wants IBM to Build It 7 Top Stocks to Buy in November Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now @themotleyfool #stocks $IBM, $PG, $ITW
View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe Iconic Dishes Trinity River Guide Newcomer's Guide Magazines Subscribe Leave Us Feedback News Food Entertainment Home Health Business Weddings Neighborhood Guides Let’s Make Dallas Even Better University Laundry operates at Southern Methodist University in Dallas as Mustang Laundry. Tech & Startups Dallas Laundry Startup Sells to Procter & Gamble University Laundry announced the deal at the kickoff of Dallas Startup Week and explained what it means for the company. By Danielle Abril Published in Business & Economy April 4, 2017 8:00 am University Laundry is the latest Dallas startup to score a big exit. At the kickoff of Dallas Startup Week on Monday, the college campus laundry service announced that it sold to public household care products company Procter & Gamble. University Laundry will be rebranded to include Procter & Gamble’s brand Tide. As a result of the acquisition, the company will be rebranded as Tide University Laundry, a name that will be personalized for each campus it serves. The company plans to hire additional employees at its headquarters, located just south of Deep Ellum, and the campuses at which it expands. It currently employs 11 people at its office and 80 contractors at the campuses it serves. The sale to Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble closed on Dec. 31. Financial terms of the deal have not been released, but P&G has agreed to allow University Laundry to continue operating its headquarters in Dallas. “This was without question the right thing to do,” said Nathan Watkins, co-founder of University Laundry. “[We’re] married to the most sophisticated company in the business.” University Laundry is led by husband-and-wife team Nathan and Paige Watkins, graduates of Baylor University. The membership-based service was founded in 2003, after Paige Watkins acquired the local wash-and-fold at Baylor University. She launched the company under the name Oso Clean, with help from Nathan who financed the project with earnings he generated through real estate development. Since then, the company, later named University Laundry, has grown to service 23 universities including Southern Methodist University and MIT. At each campus, the company has localized the name of the service. For example, at SMU, the service is called Mustang Laundry. But attracting Procter & Gamble wasn’t part of the plan. Instead, it was the result of an email that sat in Nathan Watkins’ clutter folder for several days, he said. “It was from an almost unmarked email address of investor relations at Procter & Gamble,” Watkins said about the email he discovered in October. “I thought it was a soap salesman.” So he wrote back, saying he was not interested in a new soap vendor and asked the sender to respond if the correspondence had nothing to do with soap. The response was instant, and shortly thereafter a representative hopped on a plane and headed to Dallas. At the time, Watkins was in deep discussions with private equity firms he hoped would help grow the business. He had already received a letter of intent from an interested buyer. But P&G was already amid development of a service similar to University Laundry. “I told them, ‘I am going to sign this [letter] if we don’t figure this out quickly,’” he said, adding that large companies can move fast when they need to. “We got the deal done in 4 hours.” Although stressful, the bet was lucrative, as the company now has the backing of a global conglomerate that generated $38.3 billion in sales and employed 105,000 employees last year. “We bet the farm on the fact that people hate to do laundry,” Watkins said of his early beginnings. “I’m still blown away that we were able to make that happen.” So the moral of the story, as Watkins suggested, is don’t let the stress of the deal overshadow the value of the result. And, more importantly, always check your clutter folder. Business Tech & Startups Tags: Procter & Gamble University Laundry Most Popular Founder Mico Rodriguez Tossed Out of Mesero Restaurant Group? By Nancy Nichols Dallas Laundry Startup Sells to Procter & Gamble By Danielle Abril Hot Property: A Timeless New Build in University Park By Caitlin Clark Dallas From Above By Roderick Pullum Are These the 5 Worst Bills of the Texas Legislative Session? By Peter Simek Our D CEO Weekly newsletter helps you stay up to speed with breaking news, interviews with industry leaders, and market insights from the editors of D CEO. Related Content Politics & Government Reason Magazine: ‘Dallas Is About to Go Broke’ Tim Rogers Business Dallas 500: Leading Industries Glenn Hunter Food & Drink The Most Iconic Dish in Dallas Catherine Downes Business Dallas 500: The C-Suite Gable Mansfield Comments D Magazine Partners 750 North St.Paul St. Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75201 Tel: 214.939.3636 Fax: 214.748.4579 CONTACT US Sections FrontBurner Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Nightlife Home & Design Shopping & Fashion Health & Fitness Business & Economy Weddings Publications D Magazine D Home D CEO Subscribe Renew Subscriber Services Company Info About Us Masthead Job Openings Internships Awards Customer Service Advertise Media Kits Events Case Studies Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Copyright © 2017, D Magazine Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Advertisement will run for seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Womens Cosmetics Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Womens Cosmetics market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer Pune, India – April 4, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Summary Global Womens Cosmetics market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L’Oreal P & G Estee Lauder Shiseido LVMH BENETTON PPR LG Household & Health Care Versace Z Bigatti Labs Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1079964-global-womens-cosmetics-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Womens Cosmetics in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Skin Care Color Womens Cosmetics Hair Care Nail Care Oral Care Perfumery & Deodorants Aesthetics & Dermatology Machines On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Womens Cosmetics for each application, including Personal Care Professional Beauty Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1079964-global-womens-cosmetics-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Womens Cosmetics Market Research Report 2017 1 Womens Cosmetics Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Womens Cosmetics 1.2 Womens Cosmetics Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Womens Cosmetics Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Womens Cosmetics Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Skin Care 1.2.4 Color Womens Cosmetics 1.2.5 Hair Care 1.2.6 Nail Care 1.2.7 Oral Care 1.2.8 Perfumery & Deodorants 1.2.9 Aesthetics & Dermatology Machines 1.3 Global Womens Cosmetics Segment by Application 1.3.1 Womens Cosmetics Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Personal Care 1.3.3 Professional Beauty 1.4 Global Womens Cosmetics Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Womens Cosmetics Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Womens Cosmetics (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Womens Cosmetics Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) … 7 Global Womens Cosmetics Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 L’Oreal 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 L’Oreal Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 P & G 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 P & G Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Estee Lauder 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Estee Lauder Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Shiseido 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Shiseido Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 LVMH 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 LVMH Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 BENETTON 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 BENETTON Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 PPR 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 PPR Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 LG Household & Health Care 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 LG Household & Health Care Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Versace 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Versace Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Z Bigatti Labs 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Z Bigatti Labs Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1079964 Continued…. Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/womens-cosmetics-market-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-and-forecast-2017-to-2022/183011 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1079964-global-womens-cosmetics-market-research-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 183011 Recent Press Releases By The Same User BleuPage Pro Has Launched: A Powerful System That Allows Marketers To Manage Their Social Media Marketing Within A Few Minutes (Tue 4th Apr 17) Flagstone Search Marketing Announces Free Snapshot Reports (Tue 4th Apr 17) As Prices Climb, Scrapmetalpricesperpound.com Expands Coverage to All 50 States (Tue 4th Apr 17) ContactFound Launches a New Customer Service and Support Site (Tue 4th Apr 17) Joe Manausa Real Estate Announces the Firm has Been Endorsed by Sean Hannity (Tue 4th Apr 17) Yeast and Yeast Extracts Market Industry Analysis, Growth, Size, Market Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand and Sales to 2027 (Tue 4th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Database as a Service Market Driving Factors, Challenges, Industry Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends -2020 Next PostNext Global Telemedicine Market Is Expected To Grow At 27% CAGR By Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Womens Cosmetics Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Womens Cosmetics market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer Pune, India - April 4, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Summary Global Womens Cosmetics market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L'Oreal P & G Estee Lauder Shiseido LVMH BENETTON PPR LG Household & Health Care Versace Z Bigatti Labs Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1079964-global-womens-cosmetics-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Womens Cosmetics in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Skin Care Color Womens Cosmetics Hair Care Nail Care Oral Care Perfumery & Deodorants Aesthetics & Dermatology Machines On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Womens Cosmetics for each application, including Personal Care Professional Beauty Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1079964-global-womens-cosmetics-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Womens Cosmetics Market Research Report 2017 1 Womens Cosmetics Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Womens Cosmetics 1.2 Womens Cosmetics Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Womens Cosmetics Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Womens Cosmetics Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Skin Care 1.2.4 Color Womens Cosmetics 1.2.5 Hair Care 1.2.6 Nail Care 1.2.7 Oral Care 1.2.8 Perfumery & Deodorants 1.2.9 Aesthetics & Dermatology Machines 1.3 Global Womens Cosmetics Segment by Application 1.3.1 Womens Cosmetics Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Personal Care 1.3.3 Professional Beauty 1.4 Global Womens Cosmetics Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Womens Cosmetics Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Womens Cosmetics (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Womens Cosmetics Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ... 7 Global Womens Cosmetics Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 L'Oreal 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 L'Oreal Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 P & G 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 P & G Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Estee Lauder 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Estee Lauder Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Shiseido 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Shiseido Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 LVMH 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 LVMH Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 BENETTON 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 BENETTON Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 PPR 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 PPR Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 LG Household & Health Care 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 LG Household & Health Care Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Versace 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Versace Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Z Bigatti Labs 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Z Bigatti Labs Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1079964 Continued.... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/womens-cosmetics-market-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-and-forecast-2017-to-2022/183011 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1079964-global-womens-cosmetics-market-research-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 183011 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Physiocare Maroochydore Launches a Health and Wellness Campaign (Wed 5th Apr 17) Globality Launches with a Radical New Approach to Global Business (Wed 5th Apr 17) Veridin Introduce New Facility Access Control Security Systems For Personnel Tracking (Wed 5th Apr 17) JPR Commercial Real Estate Launches New Corporate Website (Wed 5th Apr 17) AirFixture Offering MIT1 to MIT3 Upgrades To Existing Clients and MIT3 Installations To New Clients (Wed 5th Apr 17) Gardner Productions Expands Services To Include Marketing Video Content (Wed 5th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Photos Videos Topics Live PAK 127/3 (19) - WI 124/8 (20) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home Money Brands ride gender equality pitch (Thinkstock) Shares1 Priyanka Golikeri | Wed, 5 Apr 2017-07:20am , DNA 2017 campaigns resonate with gender equality and diversity The year 2017 has already seen a string of advertising campaigns that fuel gender equality and women’s empowerment. Taking on topics that were hitherto less spoken of, these campaigns are looking to drive in societal change through bold, quirky and resolute concepts and dialogues, much like many of the recent movies that have highlighted gender related issues. Zivame’s#FitForAll, Titan Raga’s #MomByChoice, UBS’#BeBoldForChange and P&G’s #WeSeeEqual are a few such campaigns trying to work on aspects of society that have for long been on the back burner. The Zivame campaign shows women experiencing utmost confidence while wearing lingerie and it revolves around the thought that when Indian women come in all sizes, so should lingerie. Titan Raga, which has expressed topics like career, marriage and gender bias through its campaigns, now tries to portray motherhood as a choice and not a sacrifice, through its latest campaign which shows a mom-to-be redefining the codes of motherhood at her baby shower. P&G has women, men and children defying stereotypes in its new campaign that aims to spark conversations to motivate change. UBS, which launched a plan to scale up expertise to better serve women clients, through its latest campaign highlights the questions that women in work force regularly face. These brands are capitalising on the transforming mind-sets of consumers, trying to ignite newer perceptions and reflecting the progressive view points of today’s audiences. Says Suparna Mitra, CMO, Watches and Accessories, Titan Company Limited, “The campaigns from Titan Raga are in tandem with the evolving mind-sets of the modern Indian woman; and reflect her progressive sensibilities and have explored different conversations that are relevant to her.” She adds that the #MomByChoice campaign helps redefine the codes of motherhood. Impact Marketing and brand experts feels such campaigns work to a large extent.“They sensitise the public towards the aspects being conveyed and can help change thought-processes over a period of time. Every piece of an ad campaign is a small nail of good thought being hammered into consumer minds and has the potential to effect positive change,” says branding expert Harish Bijoor. Mitra believes that by voicing messages that address a prevalent situation, advertisements tend to provoke reactions and influence the thoughts of viewers. “While an immediate behaviour change will result from frequent conversations on social issues, the brand’s objective is fulfilled if it makes people think and reflect through its advertising.” Brand Effect The ultimate aim of a campaign (into which a company invests large sums of money) is enhancing the brand’s consumer base, equity and profits; all of which eventually get addressed. Apart from the social angle, a campaign showcases emotional empathy towards its target audience, says advertising industry veteran KV Sridhar, who is the founder and chief creative officer, Hyper Collective. “The consumer then develops a soft corner towards the brand as he/she feels that their values overlap with the brand value.” This emotional connect that a brand tries to establish; also builds trust and credibility, making consumers buy the brand’s its products and services. “The key objective behind campaigns is to develop an instant connect with the target audience,” says Sridhar. Priyanka Golikeri Info TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Five key investing lessons from the Mahabharata Money Hit by delays & cost overruns, Mumbai offshore terminal set for re-bidding Money Cesses, IDS hike help govt exceed tax target Money Brands ride gender equality pitch Money Tiago drives past Nano at Sanand Money WhatsApp mulls foray into India digital payments space Next Article > Cesses, IDS hike help govt exceed tax target Live Cricket Score Live PAK 127/3 (19) PAK beat WI by 7 wickets WI 124/8 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Cesses, IDS hike help govt exceed tax target Related Paperboat to launch Aamras for Rs 20 this summer: Parvesh Debuka Marico may raise coconut oil prices on copra flare-up Tiago drives past Nano at Sanand Video WATCH: Academy award-winning singer John Legend croons Gordon Ramsay's brutal insults Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki WATCH: These adorable two-year-old twins act out their favourite scene from Frozen to perfection View all Tags India Business Report gender equality advertising campaigns Women Empowerment Zivame Titan Raga UBS P&G Suparna Mitra Titan Company Harish Bijoor KV Sridhar Hyper Collective SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Syria strike hit rebel 'toxic' weapons depot, says Moscow Six-year-old girl confronts crocodile to save schoolmate EU's Mogherini urges 'strong push' for Syria peace talks Syrian government cannot stay on after civil war over - Britain's Johnson Ansari pays tribute to Babu Jagjivan Ram on birth anniversary Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Kusal Perera's quick-fire fifty helps Lanka beat Bangladesh in first T20I IPL 10: Bad news for cricket fans as Harsha Bhogle will not be part of commentary panel Entertainment Alia Bhatt's mom Soni Razdan returns to TV after 11 years Rajkummar Rao in John Abraham's next Meet Arjun Kapoor aka Madhav Jha from Mohit Suri's 'Half Girlfriend' Shia LaBeouf starrer 'Man Down' sells only one ticket at UK box office 'Naam Shabana' to be screened for Mumbai's Commissioner of Police Money Formosa Vietnam steel mill meets conditions for test runs a year after spill Cardamom futures gain 0.71% on rise in spot demand Zinc futures rise 1.37% on overseas cues, spot demand Spot demand lifts nickel futures; rises by 1.40 pc FOREX-Dollar pressured ahead of Trump-Xi summit, N.Korea concerns Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Wednesday, 5 April 2017, 12:23 pm Press Release: Procter and Gamble New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Following a major overhaul of its local operations and investment in a new NZ distribution partner, Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble (P&G) says research shows the NZ market has strong growth potential. Managing director of P&G New Zealand and Australia, Antoine Brun says the industry is looking for category growth – providing a unique opportunity for retailers and suppliers. “We observe that overall - consumption in the categories where we operate in NZ is essentially flat and even declining in some categories – so we feel we have a role to play in partnering with retailers to achieve total category growth. “Innovation is first and foremost what can accelerate market growth” adds Brun. “Innovation starts with superior products that improve consumers’ lives, but it goes beyond, for example with the way we present the products in store.” Brun says that in some categories: “We haven’t done the job to make the shopping experience efficient nor experiential”, leading to a commoditisation of the categories. “We need to shift our mindset from treating the shopper as a ‘family manager’ only, who is simply buying commodities and driven heavily by price and promotion – to treating the shopper as a woman or a man, understanding their distinct needs and offering them the most compelling in-store experience every day. “We are focused on working with our NZ retailer partners to innovate the in-store design and enhance the total shopping experience, using our learnings in category management from other markets including expertise in shopper psychology.” P&G, which has been supporting the NZ market for over 30 years with its stable of beauty, personal care and household brands, is also introducing a range of new product innovations and increasing media spend as it plans for further growth in the market. “We have invested significantly in appointing a distributor partner – Diplomat NZ - to give our NZ business independent focus – with its own integrated local operations in market. “Our media investment in NZ has almost doubled in the past two years and by having more local talent working on the P&G business, we’re more in-touch with NZ retailers and consumers. Brun says P&G’s NZ business is growing, with retail sales up for the first time in 5 years, and share growing this year in its product categories. “We aspire to be the innovation leaders of our industry and we are accelerating our investment in new product categories to help bring the world’s best product innovation and value to NZ consumers.” The company has recently launched a new range of toothpaste, Oral-B Pro-Health Advanced, which is backed by clinical trials showing unprecedented care for areas like cavities, gum health and whitening. Other P&G brands in NZ include Gillette, Vicks, Metamucil, Pantene, Herbal Essences, Olay, Head & Shoulders, Venus, Clearblue, Braun and Ambi Pur. -Ends- © Scoop Media   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Myrtle Rust: Serious Fungal Plant Disease Reaches Kermadecs The Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) and the Department of Conservation (DOC) are working together to address a confirmed find of the fungal plant disease myrtle rust on Kermadec pohutukawa trees on Raoul Island. More>> ALSO: Science Media Centre - Myrtle Rust on Raoul Island - Expert Reaction Forest And Bird - Native forests threatened by myrtle rust Biological Heritage National Science Challenge - Māori scientists lead effort to combat plant pathogen - Biological Heritage Science Challenge funding results Horizons: Court Rules For Changes To Plan Implimentation In summary the key findings are: To have regard to a resolution of council in issuing resource consents is unlawful; There are minimum standards that apply to decisions on non-notified consent applications...; Consent applications must include an assessment of environmental effects including cumulative effects. More>> ALSO: Horizons Regional Council - Horizons' One Plan decision to be considered Federated Farmers - More RMA stress & cost for farmers in Horizons region Report: Regulators Nearing Tipping Point The expansion of regulatory regimes and increased budgets to enforce them may have pushed the balance of government oversight to a "tipping point" where the costs start outweighing the wider public benefits, Chapman Tripp says. More>> ALSO: Chapman Tripp - The rise of the regulator Report Released: Statistics House Quake Damage The Independent Panel’s investigation found a combination of four factors contributed to the partial failure of lower floor segments. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Statistics House investigation findings released Labour - Damning report still leaves unanswered questions Statistics NZ - MBIE inquiry into Statistics House – Media statement CentrePort - CentrePort welcomes findings of report into Statistics House Public Service Association - Statistics House report "deeply concerning" - PSA NZ Society for Earthquake Engineering - Structural engineers support Statistics House recommendation Tubes: Tasman Global Access Cable Goes Live Spark, Vodafone and Telstra have today announced the Tasman Global Access (TGA) cable is officially in service and ready to carry vast quantities of Internet traffic between New Zealand and the world. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Trans-Tasman cable improves connectivity Theresa Does: Brexit Letter Sees NZD Touch Week-High Vs GBP On Brexit The New Zealand dollar rose to a week-high against the British pound and euro after UK Prime Minister Theresa May officially triggered Britain's exit from the European Union. More>> ALSO: Beef And Lamb NZ - The importance of maintaining quality & quantity of market Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH New Ford Ranger and Everest Special Editions Coming in May 4:58 PM | Ford New Zealand Airways New Zealand marks 30 years of operations 4:54 PM | Airways New Zealand Automatic Wet Umbrella Baggers Becoming a Staple Item 4:41 PM | Wet Umbrella Bagger Silvermoon team up with Tactix 4:37 PM | Silvermoon Commodity prices edge up in March on higher meat/wool prices 4:25 PM | BusinessDesk UPDATE: 'Glamour stock' Comvita slumps on profit downgrade 3:56 PM | BusinessDesk Rabobank commentary on GDT Event results 3:55 PM | Rabobank More   RSS P10 Series: First smartphone with Te Reo Operating System 5:29 PM | Huawei $6000 Prize for Paper Proving CO2 Causes Warming 2:28 PM | New Zealand Climate Science Coal... Bioengineering aids recovery for swallowing disorders 1:44 PM | University of Canterbury New Hope in the Fight Against Generational Diabetes 12:33 PM | Fonterra Regions Win Battle to Protect Their GM Free Status 11:42 AM | ATTN Native forests threatened by myrtle rust 10:39 AM | Forest And Bird Antibiotic Resistance: The End of Modern Medicine? 10:36 AM | Bridget Williams Books More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech 2degrees offers trial unmetered mobile phone data 6:19 AM | Bill Bennett Samsung after the fire: big screen Galaxy S8 phone... 8:34 PM | Bill Bennett PressPatron: Now you can support my site 20 Mar | Bill Bennett Net neutrality in New Zealand 16 Mar | Bill Bennett Commerce Commission pushes for congestion-free cop... 9:27 PM | Bill Bennett Call for truth in broadband advertising 4:10 AM | Bill Bennett Kacific satellite goes where other broadband can’t 13 Mar | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Kaikoura access: no access to town by road from 10... 5:31 PM | admin P10 Series: First smartphone with Te Reo Operating... 5:29 PM | admin Detailed engineering assessments for Luggate Hall 5:27 PM | admin Latest income and welfare changes fall short of ad... 5:25 PM | admin Heightened readiness for Stink Bug threat 5:00 PM | admin New Ford Ranger and Everest Special Editions Comin... 4:58 PM | admin Airways New Zealand marks 30 years of operations 4:54 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     View: DESKTOP | MOBILE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use © Scoop Media  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Wednesday, 5 April 2017, 12:23 pm Press Release: Procter and Gamble New Zealand FMCG Industry Prime for Growth and Innovation Following a major overhaul of its local operations and investment in a new NZ distribution partner, Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble (P&G) says research shows the NZ market has strong growth potential. Managing director of P&G New Zealand and Australia, Antoine Brun says the industry is looking for category growth – providing a unique opportunity for retailers and suppliers. “We observe that overall – consumption in the categories where we operate in NZ is essentially flat and even declining in some categories – so we feel we have a role to play in partnering with retailers to achieve total category growth. “Innovation is first and foremost what can accelerate market growth” adds Brun. “Innovation starts with superior products that improve consumers’ lives, but it goes beyond, for example with the way we present the products in store.” Brun says that in some categories: “We haven’t done the job to make the shopping experience efficient nor experiential”, leading to a commoditisation of the categories. “We need to shift our mindset from treating the shopper as a ‘family manager’ only, who is simply buying commodities and driven heavily by price and promotion – to treating the shopper as a woman or a man, understanding their distinct needs and offering them the most compelling in-store experience every day. “We are focused on working with our NZ retailer partners to innovate the in-store design and enhance the total shopping experience, using our learnings in category management from other markets including expertise in shopper psychology.” P&G, which has been supporting the NZ market for over 30 years with its stable of beauty, personal care and household brands, is also introducing a range of new product innovations and increasing media spend as it plans for further growth in the market. “We have invested significantly in appointing a distributor partner – Diplomat NZ – to give our NZ business independent focus – with its own integrated local operations in market. “Our media investment in NZ has almost doubled in the past two years and by having more local talent working on the P&G business, we’re more in-touch with NZ retailers and consumers. Brun says P&G’s NZ business is growing, with retail sales up for the first time in 5 years, and share growing this year in its product categories. “We aspire to be the innovation leaders of our industry and we are accelerating our investment in new product categories to help bring the world’s best product innovation and value to NZ consumers.” The company has recently launched a new range of toothpaste, Oral-B Pro-Health Advanced, which is backed by clinical trials showing unprecedented care for areas like cavities, gum health and whitening. Other P&G brands in NZ include Gillette, Vicks, Metamucil, Pantene, Herbal Essences, Olay, Head & Shoulders, Venus, Clearblue, Braun and Ambi Pur. -Ends- © Scoop Media CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Intellectual Property Lawyer Herbert Joe Joins Internet Law Firm As Of Counsel Next PostNext 2017 Quality Service Awards Winners Search Recent Posts Feast and Famine in Africa’s Dubai China FDA Accepts JHL’s First Clinical Trial Application 20170404 TA City Issues 2017 French Quarter Festival Parking Instructions and Traffic Restrictions Rakon Celebrates 50 Year History in Hi-tech Industry 2017 Quality Service Awards Winners Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Auto Defections May Be the Least of Bill O'Reilly's Worries By Anthony Crupi - 20 minutes ago Array 0 Cuts Aren't Over, But P&G Wants to Restore Agency Profits By Jack Neff - 43 minutes ago Array 0 Ad Industry 'Gatecrashers' Get Their Say at 4A's Conference By Megan Graham - 2 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Bud Light, Angel Soft, Geico and More 3 hours ago Array 0 Ralph Lauren to Close Flagship Fifth Avenue Store in Manhattan, Cut Jobs 4 hours ago Array 0 Cuts Aren't Over, But P&G Wants to Restore Agency Profits By Jack Neff - 43 minutes ago 0 Ad Industry 'Gatecrashers' Get Their Say at 4A's Conference By Megan Graham - 2 hours ago 0 McAfee Rebranding Might Be One of 2017's Boldest Moves By George Slefo - 17 hours ago 0 Advertising Exodus From 'O'Reilly Factor' Continues By E.J. Schultz - 23 hours ago 0 When Tronc and Oath Merge, Should the Combined Company Be Called Troath? By Simon Dumenco - 6 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Inside Esports Star Franchise Optic Gaming By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US 4A's Conference Cuts Aren't Over, But P&G Wants to Restore Agency Profits By Jack Neff. Published on April 04, 2017. Marc Pritchard at the 2017 ANA Media Conference, March 2, 2017 Credit: Courtesy ANA Most Popular After cutting nearly half its agencies and around 30% of its creative and production fees, Procter & Gamble Co. isn't finished yet. But in a speech to the 4A's Transformation conference in Los Angeles on Tuesday, Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard said the onus will be on P&G to fix its own problems too and even focus on restoring agency profitability. The speech was part of a trilogy that started with Interactive Advertising Bureau and Association of National Advertisers conferences in January and March respectively. Those focused primarily on problems with digital media. He didn't delve as deeply into that subject this time, though he did, without naming names, weigh in on the brand-safety crisis afflicting Google in recent weeks. There, he returned to his theme of "head fakes" from digital media players that was the focus of his March ANA speech. "Here's the head fake you might get: 'But you've only had a couple thousand impressions served on objectionable content.' Response: 'That's a couple thousand too many.' We have a zero-tolerance standard when it comes to brand safety," Mr. Pritchard said on Tuesday. "Our brands are protected in other forms of media." P&G has declined to comment specifically on YouTube or whether it has suspended spending on it or other Google platforms, as some others such as Johnson & Johnson, PepsiCo and Nestle have. Related Stories P&G's Pritchard Blasts Objections to His Digital Demands as 'Head Fakes' P&G's Pritchard: Time to Cut the Crap -- and the Pressure on Agencies P&G's Pritchard to Agencies: Your Complexity Not Our Problem Lowdown: Pritchard Advises CMOs to 'Dig In' on Media Issues He didn't get into P&G's ongoing review of agency contracts, focused particularly on media shops and prompted by discovery that at least one was holding P&G funds as float to make additional money off digital buys. At the 4A's, he focused on the role of media shops as partners in helping P&G enforce brand safety and otherwise get accountability and transparency from digital media players. Mr. Pritchard focused broadly on issues with creative agencies, including the contention that they're sometimes not making money on P&G business. "Having agencies that don't make money is not a sustainable business practice," he said. "So we're refining our compensation to make sure we're paying for the work that you do and the talent that you bring to our brands, especially the creative talent." In interview after the speech, Mr. Pritchard said the effort isn't a sweeping change in P&G compensation formulas, but more on a case-by-case basis. And much of the focus is on productivity, he said, including reducing the number of management hours spent by agencies on managing the client, and vice versa. "Do we really need a mirror organization to each other, matching account people and brand people, duplicating research and strategic planning people?" he asked in his speech. "How much testing is really necessary? How many hub locations do we need?" P&G now has 95% of its creative work handled by 20% of its agencies. But the long tail of the other 80% is still too long, Mr. Pritchard said in his talk. "It's astonishing to me that we still have digital agencies," he said in the speech. "Do we have print, radio or out-of-home agencies? Of course not. We expect our agencies to be skilled at all mediums." P&G has returned to the full-service model in some markets, and has mostly eliminated separate digital and general creative shops in the U.S. But he said in an interview later that the company won't categorically eliminate overlap of digital and general shops everywhere and doesn't have a specific numerical goal for further reduction in agency count. Part of the productivity improvement he seeks includes reform of briefs, which are often anything but brief and sometimes go on for 10 pages. He recently condensed one of those 10 pagers into "a one-sentence challenge and a conversation with the creatives." P&G is also tacking the problem of "re-work," including carefully polished and re-polished PowerPoint presentations sent prior to meetings, then re-presented in the meetings. "Have we lost the ability to talk without reading from a slide?" he asked. "I recently had a round of creative reviews, and asked, 'Just show me the work.' I eventually did see it, embedded in hundreds of slides of explanation. Please stop." P&G is also looking to reform its agency evaluation process, a problem described by one creative director as "P&G polites you to death." Mr. Pritchard said the company's 5-point rating scale has devolved into 1.5 points, where 4.5 is "true love," under 4 is "you're in trouble," and anything below 3 means "you're dead." The company is trying to revamp evaluations by incorporating more real-time feedback and moving more toward objective third-party assessment of creative quality and business results, he said in his talk. In the later interview, Mr. Pritchard described the process as using assessments from industry organizations and by "third parties" within P&G who aren't "directly invested in the business" whose work is being evaluated. On the production front, where P&G is also looking to squeeze costs, the company doesn't appear to have been affected by the bid-rigging issues under investigation by the Justice Department, he said. He's looking to gain efficiencies through better use of technology and simply reducing the amount of advertising produced, using it longer until it stops working with consumers rather than automatically replacing ads on a fixed schedule. In this article: Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Digital Video Special Report: 4A's Conference Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Internet LATEST NEWS Motor racing-Formula One drivers' form sheet Donald Trump declares end to "war on coal," but utilities aren't listening India coach Stephen Constantine confident he has established core group Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Internet 11:38 AM | 05 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,93020.05 NIFTY 50 9,25012.55 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,831-31.00 USD/INR 65.02-0.01 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex drops nearly 50 points after hitting 30K level; Cyient up 7% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google trains ad computers to be offended By Daisuke Wakabayashi, New York Times | Updated: Apr 05, 2017, 01.08 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » YouTube | Pornography | Google | computers | Advertisers | ADS Now teaching computers to understand what humans can readily grasp may be key to calming fears among big-spending advertisers. Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIFORNIA: Over the years, Google trained computer systems to keep copyrighted content and pornography off its YouTube service. But after seeing ads from Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and Wal-Mart appear next to racist, anti-Semitic or terrorist videos, its engineers realised computer models had a blind spot: They did not understand context. Now teaching computers to understand what humans can readily grasp may be key to calming fears among big-spending advertisers that their ads have been appearing with videos from extremist groups and other offensive matter. That ads bought by well known companies can occasionally appear next to offensive videos has long been considered a nuisance to YouTube’s business. But the issue has gained urgency in recent weeks, as much has been written about brands that inadvertently fund extremists through automated advertising — a byproduct of a system in which You-Tube shares a portion of ad sales with creators of the content those ads appear against. This glitch in the company’s giant, automated process turned into a public-relations nightmare. Companies like AT&T and Johnson & Johnson said they would pull their ads from YouTube, as well as Google’s display advertising business, until they could get assurances that such placement would not happen again. Consumers watch more than a billion hours on YouTube every day, making it an obvious beneficiary as advertising money moves online from television. But the recent problems opened Google to criticism that it was not doing enough to look out for advertisers. It is a significant problem for a multibillion-dollar company that still gets most of its revenue through advertising. "We take this as seriously as we’ve ever taken a problem," Philipp Schindler, Google chief business officer, said . "We’ve been in emergency mode." Over the last two weeks, Google has changed what types of videos can carry advertising, barring ads from appearing with hate speech or discriminatory content. In addition, Google is simplifying how advertisers can exclude specific sites, channels and videos across YouTube and Google’s display network. It is allowing brands to fine-tune the types of content they want to avoid, such as "sexually suggestive" or "sensational/bizarre" videos. It is also putting in more stringent safety standards by default, so an advertiser must choose to place ads next to more provocative content. Google created an expedite way to alert it when ads appear next to offensive content. Google’s efforts are being noticed. Johnson & Johnson, for example, said it had resumed YouTube advertising in a number of countries. Google said other companies were starting to return. For the most part, Google failed to address the issue adequately before because it did not have to; the instances in which ads appeared next to objectionable content happened infrequently and out of view from the broader public. Google said for many of its top advertisers, the objectionable videos accounted for fewer than one one-thousandth of a percent of their total ad impressions. To train the computers, Google is applying machine-learning techniques — the underlying technology for many of its biggest breakthroughs, like the self-driving car. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Exclusive US NRI payment plan. Pay 20% now and 80% on Poss Kanakia Group Top 20 Perfectly Timed Pictures SocialDaft! Buy rented offices in Bangalore @ 10% yield. Bluechip tenant Property ShareMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage READ MORE ON » YouTube | Pornography | Google | computers | Advertisers | ADS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Narayana Murthy's mail: 'With what conscience can Pravin tell juniors to make sacrifices?' Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Jio foray puts Rs 26,000 crore worth MVNO market in tatters Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka defends COO Pravin Rao's pay, says move crucial to retain talent H-1B policy memo to have little impact on Indian IT industry: Nasscom Malaysia agrees to set up technology park in Andhra Pradesh More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Womens Cosmetics Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Womens Cosmetics market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 4, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary Global Womens Cosmetics market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L’Oreal P & G Estee Lauder Shiseido LVMH BENETTON PPR LG Household & Health Care Versace Z Bigatti Labs Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1079964-global-womens-cosmetics-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Womens Cosmetics in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Skin Care Color Womens Cosmetics Hair Care Nail Care Oral Care Perfumery & Deodorants Aesthetics & Dermatology Machines On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Womens Cosmetics for each application, including Personal Care Professional Beauty Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1079964-global-womens-cosmetics-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Womens Cosmetics Market Research Report 2017 1 Womens Cosmetics Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Womens Cosmetics 1.2 Womens Cosmetics Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Womens Cosmetics Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Womens Cosmetics Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Skin Care 1.2.4 Color Womens Cosmetics 1.2.5 Hair Care 1.2.6 Nail Care 1.2.7 Oral Care 1.2.8 Perfumery & Deodorants 1.2.9 Aesthetics & Dermatology Machines 1.3 Global Womens Cosmetics Segment by Application 1.3.1 Womens Cosmetics Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Personal Care 1.3.3 Professional Beauty 1.4 Global Womens Cosmetics Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Womens Cosmetics Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Womens Cosmetics (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Womens Cosmetics Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) … 7 Global Womens Cosmetics Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 L’Oreal 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 L’Oreal Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 P & G 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 P & G Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Estee Lauder 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Estee Lauder Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Shiseido 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Shiseido Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 LVMH 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 LVMH Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 BENETTON 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 BENETTON Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 PPR 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 PPR Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 LG Household & Health Care 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 LG Household & Health Care Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Versace 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Versace Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Z Bigatti Labs 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Womens Cosmetics Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Z Bigatti Labs Womens Cosmetics Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1079964 Continued…. Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Environmental Consulting Services Global Market Research, Review, Growth, Segment, Analysis & Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Liberty Mutual Insurance and Volvo Team Up to Provide Additional Savings for Advanced & Autonomous Safety Features in Cars Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Consumer Last Modified: Tue, Apr 04 2017. 05 34 PM IST Ariel’s ‘Share the Load’ campaign tops Warc advertising ranking Ariel’s ‘Share the Load’ campaign developed by BBDO and Mediacom is the only ad campaign from India in the top 10 best marketing campaigns list Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Saumya Tewari The campaign developed by advertising agency BBDO and media agency Mediacom Mumbai addressed the deep-rooted view that Indian women should be in charge of household duties. New Delhi: Procter & Gamble’s detergent brand Ariel’s Share the Load campaign has topped the annual World Advertising Research Centre (Warc) 100 ranking, which ranks the world’s best marketing campaigns and companies according to their business impact. It is the only campaign from India in the top 10 best marketing campaigns list. The campaign developed by advertising agency BBDO and media agency Mediacom Mumbai addressed the deep-rooted view that Indian women should be in charge of household duties. The agencies used online, cinema and television as well as campaign-specific packaging to push for the social cause where both men and women share household chores. In a statement, Warc stated that through the campaign more than 1.5 million men pledged to share household chores and it helped Ariel more than double its value and volume sales, which grew 106% and 105%, respectively. “To be recognized for creating the most effective campaign in the world is monumental for us. We can only celebrate with our amazing client, P&G. Such recognition inspire us to do better and figure out how we can make this campaign travel across the world and that would be our mission,” said Josy Paul, chairman and chief creative officer, BBDO India. Apart from bagging the best campaign, P&G was also the top advertiser for the second year running, with five of its campaigns featuring in Warc 100 versus rival Unilever’s three. Vodafone, meanwhile, emerged as the top brand, with a consistent year in terms of award wins across campaigns and regions. BBDO Mumbai grabbed the third spot in the top 10 creative agencies, three other BBDO agencies were included in the list making BBDO Worldwide the top agency network. MullenLowe Lintas Group Mumbai lost the top spot that it retained between 2015 and 2016, as it slipped to the fifth place. Ogilvy & Mather Mumbai was at the seventh spot. The Warc rankings are compiled based on the winners of effectiveness and strategy awards from around the world. Mediacom Mumbai was the only Indian media agency that featured in the world’s best media agencies list. India did not make to the best digital/specialist agencies list though. “It’s clear from the rankings that TV-led, big idea advertising, when executed well, is still highly effective. But we’re seeing a range of alternative approaches also capable of generating business results—from data-driven ‘moment marketing’ to stunts or events designed to focus consumer attention. One of the big questions in the industry at the moment is whether these alternative approaches build brands and deliver results in the long term as well as at the time of the campaign,” said David Tiltman, head of content at Warc, in a statement. Privately-owned Warc has advertising and media agencies, research companies, universities and advertisers as its clients. It offers best practices insights from the world’s leading brands and also publishes journals including Admap, Market Leader, Journal of Advertising Research and International Journal of Market Research. Saumya Tewari Topics: Ariel Share the load campaign Ariel ad Warc BBDO More From Livemint READ MORE Google Maps gets smart with its latest update News in Numbers | Gillette plans to cut prices of some of its razor products by 20% Global gold prices steady ahead of Trump’s meeting with Xi Jinping First Published: Tue, Apr 04 2017. 05 34 PM IST Editor's Picks Vishal Sikka guaranteed 90% of $11 mn salary, no matter how poorly Infosys does What does Gorakhpur tell us about Yogi Adityanath’s development record? SoftBank preps Snapdeal for sale, moves to buy Kalaari, Nexus stakes Latest News News in Numbers | Gillette plans to cut prices of some of its razor products by 20% Global gold prices steady ahead of Trump’s meeting with Xi Jinping Fastrack rolls out ad campaign for fitness band Reflex Lahore suicide blast kills at least 6, wounds 18 Iceland to make equal pay the law for men and women Mint On Sunday Forget Matt Damon, The Great Wall is about China’s quest for global dominance The search for god through the eyes of a child How a famine happens: The tale of South Sudan The thin line between greatness and madness Letter from... Baselworld Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Baby Disposable Diaper Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021 The Global Baby Disposable Diaper Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a valuable source of insightful data for business strategists. It provides the Baby Disposable Diaper industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Baby Disposable Diaper market study provides comprehensive data which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. This report provides comprehensive analysis of Key market segments and sub-segments Evolving market trends and dynamics Changing supply and demand scenarios Quantifying market opportunities through market sizing and market forecasting Tracking current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive insights Request Sample Report: www.reportbazzar.com/request-sample/?pid=870590&ptitle=Gl… Opportunity mapping in terms of technological breakthroughs Global Baby Disposable Diaper Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India The Major players reported in the market include: Domtar Corporation (USA) First Quality Enterprises, Inc. (USA) Kao Corporation (Japan) Kao Corporation (Japan) Ontex International N.V. (Belgium) The Procter & Gamble Company (USA) Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ) (Sweden) The Procter & Gamble Company (USA) Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ) (Sweden) … Global Baby Disposable Diaper Market: Product Segment Analysis Type I Type II Type III Global Baby Disposable Diaper Market: Application Segment Analysis Application I Application II Application III Reasons for Buying this Report This report provides pin-point analysis for changing competitive dynamics It provides a forward looking perspective on different factors driving or restraining market growth It provides a six-year forecast assessed on the basis of how the market is predicted to grow It helps in understanding the key product segments and their future It provides pin point analysis of changing competition dynamics and keeps you ahead of competitors It helps in making informed business decisions by having complete insights of market and by making in-depth analysis of market segments Browse report summery with TOC: www.reportbazzar.com/product/global-baby-disposable-diape… Chapter 1 Baby Disposable Diaper Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Baby Disposable Diaper 1.2 Baby Disposable Diaper Market Segmentation by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Baby Disposable Diaper by Type in 2015 1.2.1 Type I 1.2.2 Type II 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Baby Disposable Diaper Market Segmentation by Application 1.3.1 Baby Disposable Diaper Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Application I 1.3.3 Application II 1.3.4 Application III 1.4 Baby Disposable Diaper Market Segmentation by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Baby Disposable Diaper (2012-2021) Chapter 2 Global Economic Impact on Baby Disposable Diaper Industry 2.1 Global Macroeconomic Environment Analysis 2.1.1 Global Macroeconomic Analysis 2.1.2 Global Macroeconomic Environment Development Trend 2.2 Global Macroeconomic Environment Analysis by Regions Chapter 3 Global Baby Disposable Diaper Market Competition by Manufacturers 3.1 Global Baby Disposable Diaper Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 3.2 Global Baby Disposable Diaper Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 3.3 Global Baby Disposable Diaper Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 3.4 Manufacturers Baby Disposable Diaper Manufacturing Base Distribution, Production Area and Product Type 3.5 Baby Disposable Diaper Market Competitive Situation and Trends 3.5.1 Baby Disposable Diaper Market Concentration Rate 3.5.2 Baby Disposable Diaper Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 3.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Chapter 4 Global Baby Disposable Diaper Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Baby Disposable Diaper Production by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Baby Disposable Diaper Production Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 4.3 Global Baby Disposable Diaper Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 4.4 Global Baby Disposable Diaper Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.5 North America Baby Disposable Diaper Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.6 Europe Baby Disposable Diaper Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.7 China Baby Disposable Diaper Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.8 Japan Baby Disposable Diaper Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.9 Southeast Asia Baby Disposable Diaper Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.10 India Baby Disposable Diaper Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Enquiry before Buying: www.reportbazzar.com/discount-form/?pid=870590&ptitle=Glo… About Us: Reportbazzar.com is your trusted source for the most inclusive and informative assortment of market research reports designed to empower you with the latest in industry information that translates to time and cost savings for your business. We not only help you give wing to your latent business ideas but also facilitate you in taking the best informed and strategic decisions that guarantee success in your most promising business endeavors. ReportBazzar United States 30 Wall Street, 8th floor, New York, NY 10005. Phone No. : +1 (212) 389-6363 Email: sales@reportbazzar.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2021 Global Lyophilisation for Pharmaceuticals Market Analysis and Forecasts New Research Report Next PostNext Global PTFE Capacitors Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016 Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up P&G's Ariel tops WARC 100 News, 04 April 2017 Topics Findings from effectiveness awards GLOBAL: An India campaign for Procter & Gamble's Ariel detergent brand has topped the WARC 100, an annual ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies according to their business impact. Now in its fourth year, the WARC 100 is built on a rigorous methodology, tracking 2,000 individual award winners across different effectiveness and strategy awards schemes held around the world. Ariel's Share the Load, developed by BBDO Mumbai and Mediacom Mumbai, used online, cinema and TVCs as well as campaign-specific packaging to encourage men to share the weight of household chores. More than 1.5 million men pledged to do so and Ariel more than doubled value and volume sales, which grew 106% and 105% respectively. Procter & Gamble was also the top advertiser for the second year running, with five campaigns in the WARC 100 versus rival Unilever's three. The success of campaigns for its Ariel, Always and Old Spice brands cemented P&G's position as No.1. Vodafone, meanwhile, emerged as the top brand, with a consistent year in terms of award wins across campaigns and regions. With only two campaigns in the top 100, but multiple wins at fifteen separate awards competitions, the brand accrued enough points to push it into pole position. BBDO Worldwide was the leading agency network, with adam&eveDDB the top creative agency while Starcom New York headed the media agency list. "This year's WARC 100 reflects an industry in flux," said David Tiltman, Head of Content at WARC. "It's clear from the rankings that TV-led, 'big idea' advertising, when executed well, is still highly effective. But we're seeing a range of alternative approaches also capable of generating business results – from data-driven 'moment marketing' to stunts or events designed to focus consumer attention. "One of the big questions in the industry at the moment is whether these alternative approaches build brands and deliver results in the long term as well as at the time of the campaign." Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News JetBlue connects insights and creative News Brands should tap China's healthy snack trend News P&G's new agenda for agencies News Supermarket promotions hit 11-year low News Mistrust of US politicians also hits brands News Four Aussie campaigns make WARC 100's top ten News Daily Mail will launch US TV show News Philippines leads APAC ad growth View more News and Opinion More from WARC Warc 100: The UK's best campaigns and companies 2016 Warc Webinar: Lessons from the Warc 100 2016 Asian Strategy Report 2017: Insights from the Warc Prize for Asian Strategy Get a demo Topics Findings from effectiveness awards 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segment, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products The Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022 in India, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. In India market, the top players include many company. With key sales data like sales (volume), revenue, market share for top players.such as Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1138986-2017-2022-india-hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-market-report Procter & Gamble L’Oreal Unilever Taisho Henkel Merck Shiseido Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Rohto Lifes2Good Gerolymatos International Toppik Nanogen Oxford BioLabs Ltd. Ultrax Labs Avalon Natural Products Bayer Pharma Medico Kirkland Signature Phyto Ales Group Amplixin Kerafiber Phyto Keranique DS Healthcare Group Kaminomoto Softto Bawang Zhang Guang Hairmax Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1138986-2017-2022-india-hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-market-report Split by product types/category, covering many types. with sales, revenue and market share for each type, such as Hair Loss and Growth Devices Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product Split by applications/end use industries, covers many application. This report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products in each application.suach as Homecare Hair Loss Treatment Clinic Other Table of Contents 2017-2022 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Report (Status and Outlook) 1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products 1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Segment by Types 1.2.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Present Situation and Outlook by Types (2012-2022) 1.2.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Market Share by Types in 2016 1.2.3 Hair Loss and Growth Devices 1.2.4 Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product 1.3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Segment by Applications/End Use Industries 1.3.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Present Situation and Outlook by Applications/End Industrials (2012-2022) 1.3.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Market Share by Types in 2016 1.3.3 Homecare 1.3.4 Hair Loss Treatment Clinic Other 1.4 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Overview and Market Size (Value) (2012-2022) 1.4.1 India Market Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Overview 1.4.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Size (Value and Volume) Status and Forecast (2012-2022) 2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Vendors/Manufacturers 2.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Market Share (2012-2017) by Vendors/Manufacturers 2.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Revenue and Market Share by Vendors (2012-2017) 2.3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Average Price by Vendors in 2016 2.4 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types by Vendors 2.5 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Vendors 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Type and Application (2012-2017) 3.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Market Share and Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.1.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.1.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.1.3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 3.3 India Market Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue (Million USD), Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Vendors/Manufacturers Profiles and Sales Data 4.1 Procter & Gamble 4.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.1.2.1 Category One 4.1.2.2 Category Two 4.1.3 Procter & Gamble Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.1.5 Procter & Gamble News 4.2 L’Oreal 4.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.2.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.2.2.1 Category One 4.2.2.2 Category Two 4.2.3 L’Oreal Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.2.5 L’Oreal News 4.3 Unilever 4.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.3.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.3.2.1 Category One 4.3.2.2 Category Two 4.3.3 Unilever Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.3.5 Unilever News 4.4 Taisho 4.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.4.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.4.2.1 Category One 4.4.2.2 Category Two 4.4.3 Taisho Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.4.5 Taisho News 4.5 Henkel 4.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.5.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.5.2.1 Category One 4.5.2.2 Category Two 4.5.3 Henkel Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.5.5 Henkel News 4.6 Merck 4.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.6.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.6.2.1 Category One 4.6.2.2 Category Two 4.6.3 Merck Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.6.5 Merck News 4.7 Shiseido 4.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.7.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.7.2.1 Category One 4.7.2.2 Category Two 4.7.3 Shiseido Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.7.5 Shiseido News 4.8 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. 4.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.8.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.8.2.1 Category One 4.8.2.2 Category Two 4.8.3 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.8.5 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. News 4.9 Rohto 4.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.9.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.9.2.1 Category One 4.9.2.2 Category Two 4.9.3 Rohto Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.9.5 Rohto News 4.10 Lifes2Good 4.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.10.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.10.2.1 Category One 4.10.2.2 Category Two 4.10.3 Lifes2Good Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.10.5 Lifes2Good News 4.11 Gerolymatos International 4.11.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.11.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.11.2.1 Category One 4.11.2.2 Category Two 4.11.3 Gerolymatos International Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.11.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.11.5 Gerolymatos International News 4.12 Toppik 4.12.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.12.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.12.2.1 Category One 4.12.2.2 Category Two 4.12.3 Toppik Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.12.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.12.5 Toppik News ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1138986 Contact Us: Norah Trent Partner Relations & Marketing Manager Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)          CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Global 1, Google News, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Industry Analysis, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Opportunities, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Share, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Trend, International Space Station, ISS, NASA, Roscosmos, satPRnews, SpaceX, Telecommunications, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Deep Packet Inspection And Processing Market Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2017-2027 Next PostNext Judge rules Zimmer liable for $2 million in hip implant case Search Recent Posts Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Industry Trends, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Market, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Market Overview, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Market Share, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Market Analysis, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Market Size, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Market Growth, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Market Forecast, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Trends, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Industry Share, Global CMOS Image Transducers Sales Industry Size Bravo Multinational Incorporated (BRVO: OTC Pink Current) | Splits M.P. Evans Group PLC (MPEVF: Grey Market) | Deleted Symbol Eight Solutions Inc. (GREMF: Grey Market) | Deleted Symbol First Century Bankshares, Inc. (FCBS: OTC Link/FINRA BB) | Deleted Symbol Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 5, 2017 3:03 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement National briefs: Rights law bars LGBT bias, court says April 5, 2017 12:00 AM Compiled from wire services CHICAGO — A federal appeals court ruled for the first time Tuesday that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects LGBT employees from workplace discrimination, setting up a likely battle before the Supreme Court as gay rights advocates push to broaden the scope of the 53-year-old law. The decision by the full 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago comes just three weeks after a three-judge panel in Atlanta ruled the opposite, saying employers aren’t prohibited from discriminating against employees based on sexual orientation. It also comes as President Donald Trump’s administration has begun setting its own policies on LGBT rights. The case stems from a lawsuit by Indiana teacher Kimberly Hively alleging that the Ivy Tech Community College in South Bend didn’t hire her full time because she is a lesbian. Google’s ad placement MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — Over the years, Google trained computer systems to keep copyrighted content and pornography off its YouTube service. But after seeing ads from Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and Wal-Mart appear next to racist, anti-Semitic or terrorist videos, its engineers realized their computer models had a blind spot: They did not understand context. Now teaching computers to understand what humans can readily grasp may be the key to calming fears among big-spending advertisers that their ads have been appearing alongside videos from extremist groups and other offensive messages. Google engineers, product managers and policy wonks are trying to train computers to grasp the nuances of what makes certain videos objectionable. Companies like AT&T and Johnson & Johnson said they would pull their ads from YouTube, as well as Google’s display advertising business, until they could get assurances that such placement would not happen again. Fox News bias lawsuit NEW YORK — A third Fox News Channel employee has joined two colleagues in their lawsuit that says they were subjected to racial discrimination by a since-fired executive. Monica Douglas said former controller Judith Slater, who was fired Feb. 28, frequently expressed an unwillingness to be near black people. Ms. Douglas is black, as are colleagues Tichaona Brown and Tabrese Wright, who filed suit against Fox last week. Ms. Douglas, who is Panamanian, said in the lawsuit that Ms. Slater told her she wouldn’t let her dogs eat food Panamanians eat. She said Ms. Slater frequently referred to her status as a breast cancer survivor, calling her the “one-boobed girl” and the like. Ms. Douglas said she complained about Ms. Slater’s comments in 2014 and nothing was done. Also in the nation ... A federal judge in Seattle on Tuesday temporarily blocked the city’s first-in-the-nation law allowing drivers of ride-hailing companies such as Uber and Lyft to unionize over pay and working conditions. ... The U.S. Senate on Monday approved legislation that would extend a troubled program aimed at widening veterans’ access to private-sector health care, the first step in an overhaul of programs at the Department of Veterans Affairs. ... California lawmakers gave initial approval Monday to a measure that prevents law enforcement from cooperating with federal immigration officials, a measure that proponents said rebukes President Donald Trump for his immigration crackdown. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Brand Equity LATEST NEWS Motor racing-Formula One drivers' form sheet Better late than never: Why Trump should have invited Modi to Mar-a-Lago before Xi Jinping PM Narendra Modi remembers freedom fighter Jagjivan Ram Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Magazines Panache Tech and GadgetsWorklifeCars & BikesLifestyleHealthPeopleEntertainmentBooksCity LifeHumourBetween The Lines ET Wealth Brand Equity Corporate Dossier ET Magazine Travel ET Home›Magazines›Brand Equity 11:46 AM | 05 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,94333.07 NIFTY 50 9,25214.45 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,820-42.00 USD/INR 65.030.00 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex drops nearly 50 points after hitting 30K level; Cyient up 7% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Is the FMCG major as litigious as it seems to be or is lawyering up its last resort? By Delshad Irani & Amit Bapna, ET Bureau | Apr 05, 2017, 05.20 AM IST Post a Comment With the frequency with which HUL has dragged others or has been dragged by others to court over advertising, one can't help but wonder is HUL as litigious as it seems to be? Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! MUMBAI: The ongoing legal battle between Hindustan Unilever and Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF), the makers of Amul, over the debate of ice-cream versus frozen desserts, has been aptly, albeit unimaginatively, named by the press and people as a "Cold War". But, in the past, HUL has been in Water Wars, Toothpaste Wars, Soap Wars, White Wars, Kitchen Wars and Shampoo Wars. In the last decade, the country's biggest consumer goods manufacturer and maker of Dove, Clinic Plus, Lifebuoy, Pepsodent, Kwality Wall's, Vim, Rin and Surf, among others, has found itself regularly locked in court room scuffles with competitors over either theirs or its own combative advertising, whether issued in public interest or the company's. In the long-drawn case of Reckitt Benckiser's 'Dettol Healthy Kitchen' cleaner versus HUL's Vim, the first shot was fired by Dettol and HUL hit back with "a harsh antiseptic or the power of 100 lemons - which one would you choose to clean your child's tiffin?" Soon after, Dettol anti-septic soap and Lifebuoy found themselves saying "Milord, I object!" In the case of Colgate, HUL aired a combative Pepsodent ad at the start of a long-weekend giving Colgate no option to invoke the law. The Water Wars saw HUL's Pureit fighting Eureka Forbes over disparaging ads. And there's the evergreen Safedi Wars between Rin and P&G's Tide. Being the "traditional" organisation HUL is, it would be safe to assume that the company doesn't think combative communication, whether directly aimed at it or not, is any laughing matter. Or an invitation to take light-hearted digs at each other as many "startuppers" do today. A little friendly fire, if you will. A former HUL marketing head told BE on the condition of anonymity, that the FMCG major is "not a tame organisation"; "Any communication showing them in a bad way is not taken lightly." Especially in categories where it's the market leader, HUL is hard-pressed to respond by slapping a legal notice on transgressors. Ten years ago, there wasn't any set policy on deploying legal. As another former employee points out, "If there was a claim made that would hurt the brand's prospects, the legal course would be taken." He adds, HUL has always been rather strong on their internal legal processes. For example, every single packaging decision has to be run by the legal head. With the frequency with which HUL has dragged others or has been dragged by others to court over advertising, one can't help but wonder is HUL as litigious as it seems to be? While the above evidence would make a jury unanimously go 'guilty as charged', however we might be inclined to believe that pursuing legal action is typically not the least resort but the last. The first course of action is a letter to the offending party, and an appeal to the ASCI. In its most recent high-profile case, HUL, according to industry sources, gave Amul almost 20 days to respond to its letter. That's a life-time in marketing because by then Amul's ad that draws on the distinction between 'milk-walla ice-cream' and 'vanaspati- walla frozen dessert', without naming the competition, had been viewed millions of times. Clearly, HUL's letter to Amul was met with an unsatisfactory response thus landing the matter in Bombay High Court. While the company did not respond to questions about its general approach in these cases, and when and under what circumstances it opts for legal recourse, on the current matter in court it said: "HUL manufactures and markets both ice creams and frozen desserts in India. Both contain milk/milk solids and do not contain vanaspati. We filed the petition so as to stop the airing of the factually incorrect advertisement on frozen desserts being aired by Amul as it was creating apprehensions among consumers." Self-regulation is key today so that the company is able to define the rules of engagement in the future. Company insiders, who wish not to be named, told BE that typically HUL prefers to sort out differences out of court instead of being strapped with lengthy and often expensive legal battles. In 2011, for instance, in an unprecedented move the company appointed four retired HC judges as independent ombudsmen in different regions to resolve cases filed against the company by its suppliers, distributors, stockists and retailers, as reported by The Economic Times. HUL's executive director - legal Dev Bajpai told ET then, "The idea is to have an alternate dispute resolution mechanism with the whole philosophy of customer centricity and the main reason is resolution of matters." In another case that could have shaken up the fairness cream category, industry insiders told us when HUL found its patented Fair & Lovely formula active in its competition's premium cream, the company chose to resolve the matter out of court. It was decided that the competition's formula would be tweaked and the patent infringement would therefore be invalid. While combative advertising is not new, we've seen this genre of ads make a vengeful comeback in recent times. The device's most prolific user today is Patanjali, every one of its ads made to expose "real facts" about the competitions' products. Brand consultant Harish Bijoor, and a former HUL employee himself says, "To an extent I do believe Amul always had this campaign in its back-room. The bravado to take it out into the drawing rooms of Indians has come from the Patanjali-style of advertising. Patanjali is the new Indian Samurai on this count!" Bijoor tells us to expect a lot more action of a similar kind for today the eco-system for this type of ad warfare is just right. The current Cold War flare-up isn't HUL and Amul's first public brawl over 'ice-cream versus frozen dessert'. As of this writing, Bombay High Court had provided no interim relief to HUL and Amul's ad continued airing. Whatever the final verdict may be, what we know for sure is that it will certainly leave one party in a summer of discontent. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB No gamer should miss this free game Vikings: Free Online Game 20 Cars to Avoid At All Costs in 2017 SheBudgets.com Successful Women in the Workforce Share this Common Trait Arizona State UniversityMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Organize Accounting Clients Through Automation & Collectio.. Quickbooks Watch: How Weather Affects Asthma HealthiNation The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter $91 for a $300 Watch. Here's how I did it. Watch of the Month Club Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Disappointed BCCI uploaded Jadeja-Wade chat: Steve Smith To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented My dad didn’t speak to me properly for 5 yrs when I wanted to be a beerpreneur: Ankur Jain, Founder, Bira Deep Nishar, MD, SoftBank, follows a simple Gujarati way to make money! Do you work night shifts? Diabetes could be harder to control Actor David Schwimmer of 'Friends' fame, fights sexual harassment for the women in his life Channel issues month's notice to Kapil Sharma to get his act together or show will be axed More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
DailyTimes | ABB buys B&R to help it challenge Siemens in industrial automation Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives ABB buys B&R to help it challenge Siemens in industrial automation By:   agencies 05-Apr-17 184 Top News Corps Commander Lt Gen Sadiq Ali visits Bedian blast victims 05-Apr-17 7 LAHORE: Corps Commander Lieute ... Justice served or justice denied? 05-Apr-17 459 Among the decisions by the Supreme Court of Pak ... ZURICH: Swiss engineering group ABB has bought Austrian industrial automation company Bernecker & Rainer, a move that fits in with its strategy of expanding its products to better challenge German rival Siemens on the factory floor. ABB gave no purchase price for Bernecker & Rainer Industrie-Elektronik (B&R) when it announced the deal on Tuesday, but a person familiar with the matter said it was nearly $2 billion, the biggest deal under Chief Executive Ulrich Spiesshofer's four-year leadership. ABB had considered other targets in industrial automation, including US firm Rockwell Automation, before deciding on B&R, according to a person familiar with the matter. ABB spokesman Saswato Das declined to comment or confirm the purchase price. The Swiss company said the acquisition would increase its sales in industrial automation to around $15 billion by adding B&R's annual sales of more than $600 million. It would also consolidate ABB's No.2 position in the $130 billion processing and industrial sector behind Siemens but ahead of rivals such as Emerson, Rockwell Automation and General Electric. B&R makes programmable controls for machines used by companies including Nestle, Procter & Gamble and Roche. The private company, founded by two electrical engineers in 1979, also makes components for machines used by automakers BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen. Its products include industrial PCs and factory automation devices designed to increase productivity. ABB's largest shareholder, Investor AB which holds a 10.48 percent stake according to Reuters data, welcomed the deal. "As we see it, this is a very important, strategically sound acquisition which clearly strengthens ABB's position in factory automation," spokesman Stefan Stern said. "It is important for ABB to continue to work with internal efficiency and at the same time invest for the future within strategic areas." ABB's second-largest investor Cevian Capital, which campaigned for a break-up of ABB last year, declined to comment. Shares in ABB were up 0.9 percent. The Swiss company, which depends on oil and gas for around 15 percent of its revenue, has been hit as low oil prices have dented demand from oil producers for products such as temperature and pressure transmitters and flow measurement devices. Takis Spiliopoulos, an analyst at Bank Vontobel, said global corporate spending on industrial automation is expected to grow by around 5 to 6 percent annually in the years ahead as Western companies bring back production from emerging markets, while oil and gas spending would remain subdued. "This is a sensible acquisition, increasing ABB's footprint on the factory floor where we expect higher growth in the future than in process industries like oil and gas," Spiliopoulos said. Spiesshofer said the B&R purchase would make ABB the only industrial automation provider offering customers the entire spectrum of technology and software solutions around measurement, control, actuation, robotics, digitalisation and electrification. "There will be more acquisitions ... as one of the drivers of growth going forward, but there is no 'must haves' we are desperate about," Spiesshofer told reporters. "We are closing today perfectly the big gap we had in machine and factory automation, that was one gap we were always concerned about and wanted to close." ABB aims to increase B&R's annual sales to above $1 billion from around $600 million now and said the business would add to operating earnings per share from the first year. The purchase is being funded from ABB's own cash and is expected to close by mid-year. Sunday Magazine sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Investor Information Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2017 DailyTimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up P&G's new agenda for agencies News, 05 April 2017 LOS ANGELES: Marc Pritchard, one of the most powerful - and influential - voices in global marketing, insists that advertising agencies must reduce complexity, increase transparency and "step up on brand safety" in order to repair the breakdown of trust among clients. The Chief Brand Officer at Procter & Gamble outlined a new "action plan" for agencies during a morning keynote session at the 4A's (American Association of Advertising Agencies) 2017 Transformation Conference in Los Angeles. And he revealed that the owner of Tide, Pampers and Always has cut its number of agencies by 50% worldwide in a bid to streamline management processes, build better partnerships and ensure P&G only works with the "very best" shops. While 95% of the organisation's marketing output is today created by less than 20% of its agencies, however, Pritchard stated the continuing requirement to tap a "long tail of specialty and sub-specialty" shops remains taxing. "To be frank, your complexity should not be our problem, but it still is, and we need you to consolidate skills and services," he said. (For more details, read Warc's free-to-access report: P&G’s Pritchard: The agency business must change.) One solution, he suggested, might involve re-imagining full-service agencies for the digital era. "We're returning to a modern version of this model in a few markets, and it's already making a difference," Pritchard said. "I'm not saying one-stop shops are the answer everywhere. But, bottom line, we need you to get simpler." The issue of complexity is also hampering P&G's quest for greater media transparency, as the supply chain lacks consistent metrics, incorporates "too many hidden touches", and is rife with the potential for fraud. "We want you to innovate, but, right now, job one is leading media transparency," Pritchard said. "We need to clean up now – and invest the time and money we save into better advertising to drive growth." Nowhere is this agenda more pressing than in the area of "brand safety". P&G, in fact, is among the numerous brand owners to have recently frozen spending on YouTube due to concerns their marketing messages appear next to inappropriate content. "Step up on brand safety," Pritchard urged the 4A's delegates. "We hold agencies and publishers equally responsible for placing our ads only where they belong, and keeping them away from objectionable content. "We have a zero-tolerance standard when it comes to brand safety. Our brands are protected in other forms of media. The same zero-tolerance standard of performance applies to digital media." Data sourced from Warc Sign up for daily news Latest News JetBlue connects insights and creative News Brands should tap China's healthy snack trend News P&G's new agenda for agencies News Supermarket promotions hit 11-year low News Mistrust of US politicians also hits brands News Four Aussie campaigns make WARC 100's top ten News Daily Mail will launch US TV show News Philippines leads APAC ad growth View more News and Opinion 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Wednesday, April 05, 2017 10:03 AM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause Billions at stake in Xi-Trump summit April 04 2017 11:58 PM International US/Latin America RELATED STORIES Trump and Xi will be ‘odd couple’ at summit Trump-Xi talks ‘significant’ for US-China ties Trump plans to host China's Xi at Florida resort Xi warns against trade war in defence of globalisation China's Xi, Trump agree to meet 'at an early date' A magazine featuring a front page photo of US President Donald Trump is seen at a news stand in Beijing. The first summit between US President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping will be of “great significance” for global peace, the two countries’ top diplomats agreed ahead of the meeting. Text Size: A A A Reuters Beijing/Washington Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China’s leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be “very difficult” and “American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.” Trump has said he wants US companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within US industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the US market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world’s second-biggest economy. But they also worry Trump’s policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a ‘grand bargain’ involving other issues such as North Korea. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisors, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the US State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled. “With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant inter-agency discussion on strategy leading up to it,” said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group’s Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China. Some of the largest US companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. US steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. US automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5% tariff on auto imports, China’s is 25%. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China’s new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to “stop rigging markets”. It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements. In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing’s most sensitive issues — the status of Taiwan — after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington’s long-held “one China” policy. Trump signed two executive orders on trade last week, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the US trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were “going to get down to some serious business” and vowed that “the theft of American prosperity” by foreign countries would end. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday the US-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries’ economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services. China tops the list of countries who have trade surpluses with the United States, with a $347bn surplus last year. Some in the US business community worry about tit-for-tat retaliation in trade disputes with China. Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the US-China Business Council, said the two presidents need to take “positive actions that would lead to a more durable relationship, not retaliatory actions that would lead to a trade war”. The list of commercial issues between the two countries was so long, it would be impossible to make a major dent in them with one meeting, he said. China is the largest export market for US soybean producers, accounting for 62% of US soy exports in 2016 with a value of over $14bn, leading some experts to suggest the sector could be particularly vulnerable to retaliation. Steve Censky, chief executive of the American Soybean Association, told Reuters he hopes Trump will take a “prudent” approach to the trade relationship and address any issues in a “workman-like manner”, recognising that both countries have a lot to lose if the relationship suffers. William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China met senior Trump administration officials in February, and said “it was clear they were very familiar with the issues facing American companies in China, perhaps more so than previous administrations”. But several corporate lobbyists, representing a range of companies expressed concern Trump’s lack of attention to detail could prove counterproductive when it comes to the intricacies of the massive trade and investment relationship. “It’s not yet clear whether ... this is a White House that wants to fundamentally reset the terms of the relationship or tinker at the edges and declare a public relations win,” said a China expert at a Washington business lobby who asked not to be named. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS London levy aims to cut ‘lethal’ pollution READ MORE Briton aims to cycle the world in 80 days READ MORE Govt dismisses China objection on Dalai Lama’s Arunachal visit READ MORE Honoured READ MORE Royals meet Pope READ MORE Heavy rains lash Hyderabad READ MORE India, Pakistan argue over Jinnah House in Mumbai READ MORE Countrywide strike READ MORE Actress romantically linked to Nueva Ecija politician READ MORE play pause Top News Four killed in suspected bomb blast in Pakistan 4/5/2017 9:52:45 AM Qatar, Sweden discuss new tie-ups in education 4/4/2017 11:43:43 PM Blair shines as Wakrah shock Rayyan 4/4/2017 10:34:22 PM Qatar University extends deadline for admission 4/4/2017 9:17:37 PM Registration opens for VCUQatar spring community education programme 4/4/2017 7:51:50 PM POPULAR LATEST Grand opening of Mall of Qatar on April 8 Qatar Apr 3, 2017 IndiGo to fly to Doha from Delhi, Mumbai Qatar Apr 3, 2017 Part of Wukair Temporary Street to be closed Qatar Apr 3, 2017 Qatar plans new gas project in North Field Qatar Apr 3, 2017 German tourist says she was raped in south India International Apr 3, 2017 Swine flu: Qataris urged not to travel to Sri Lanka Qatar Apr 4, 2017 Qatar 2022: QR1.4bn in opportunities loom for firms Qatar Apr 4, 2017 Qatar condemns gas attack in Syria’s Idlib province Qatar Apr 5, 2017 Spanish police raid Assad family’s assets Region Apr 4, 2017 Four killed in suspected bomb blast in Pakistan Pakistan Apr 5, 2017 QP highlights oil and gas operations, LNG production activities at ‘Gastech 2017’ Business Apr 4, 2017 Al-Attiyah extends lead as Sunderland top in bikes Sport Apr 4, 2017 “You run 10 miles in class so you only have to run two on stage” Culture Apr 4, 2017 Trump and Xi will be ‘odd couple’ at summit Opinion Apr 4, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Qatar Motor Show 18/4/2017 Fitness training 6/4/2017 Revival of Qatar's musical heritage and Qatari Folk singing program 6/4/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 5/4/2017 Picasso-Giacometti exhibition 5/4/2017 JR Répertoire exhibition 5/4/2017 Imperial Threads: Motifs and artisans from Turkey, Iran and India 5/4/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
BREAKING NEWS: Yuan slips against the dollar as traders anxiously await Trump-Xi meeting … Oil rises to near 1-month high on tightening of supplies … China holds up Asia stocks; oil gains on North Sea outage … Four army personnel among six martyred in Lahore suicide blast … Somali pirates hijack Pakistani boat … Asian currencies slip, focus on coming US-China summit … Palm hits week-high tracking stronger rival oils, better exports … Dollar pressured ahead of Trump-Xi summit, N.Korea concerns � … Russia says Syria gas incident caused by rebels' own chemical arsenal … Trump, Xi hold first summit with N. Korea at the fore … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy PM passionate to revive glory of.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:56 IHC issues notice in bail application.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:54 CM grieved over death of 1965.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:53 Turkish delegation calls on labour minister Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 20:48 FPCCI launches holding of Pak investment.. Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 20:28 Load shedding to end from country.. Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 19:32 Chinese Parliamentary delegation to arrive on.. Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 19:27 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Russia says Syria gas incident caused.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:00 North Korea fires projectile into sea.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:51 S&P raises Argentina’s credit rating .. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:44 US Senate clashes over Trump Supreme.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:42 US Senate leader says has enough.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:12 White House official: North Korea is.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:10 Trump son Eric calls nepotism ‘factor.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:01 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate Petrobras CEO says Exxon expressed ‘strong.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:43 BMW, Allstate pull ads from ‘O’Reilly.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:17 Italy’s Veneto banks confirm capital shortfall.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:00 Ukraine central bank cuts foreign currency.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 01:20 Scotiabank defends record on sales practices.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 01:10 Russia’s Gazprom says China’s CNPC to.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 01:08 Russia finance ministry to offer 42.9bn.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 01:05 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM Yuan slips against the dollar as.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:49 Oil rises to near 1-month high.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:48 China holds up Asia stocks; oil.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:25 Asian currencies slip, focus on coming.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:09 Palm hits week-high tracking stronger rival.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:08 Dollar pressured ahead of Trump-Xi summit,.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:02 Tokyo stocks up by break Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 08:45 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports Football: We’d have won with video.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:03 Tennis: WTA Charleston results Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:58 Golf-Confident Johnson not getting complacent ahead.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:48 Lazio reach Italian Cup final despite.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:46 Golf-Bad weather, good news for Mickelson.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:41 Football: Leicester heap more misery on.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:30 Cricket: Sri Lanka beat Bangladesh by.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 5th, 2017 02:14 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music Theron says villainous role in last.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:50 ‘Pink Star’ diamond sells for record.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 00:04 ‘Pink Star’ diamond fetches record $71.2mn.. Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 18:36 Anzhelika Tahir to represent Pakistan in.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 16:46  Sony TV issues warning to Kapil.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 15:21 Punjab Police leave for Mumbai to.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 13:43  Priyanka once again proved herself Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 13:05 Sci-Tech Yahoo, AOL joining hands to form.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 15:40 Towards the digital future: Striking balance.. Imran Kazmi Apr 1st, 2017 15:20 Arctic Ice turning green, cause for.. Aagha Majid Mar 31st, 2017 13:27 Saturn’s moon Titan has electric sand;.. Aagha Majid Mar 30th, 2017 14:51 Dubai to have skyscraper anchored in.. Aagha Majid Mar 29th, 2017 16:14 Largest ever dinosaur footprints discovered in.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 29th, 2017 15:46 Forests do more than just cutting.. Aagha Majid Mar 29th, 2017 13:36 ePaper AAJ Live Home »Top News » World Top News » US business seeks action, not trade war, in Xi-Trump summit     World Top News US business seeks action, not trade war, in Xi-Trump summit     Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 01:24 0   BEIJING/WASHINGTON: Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China's leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be "very difficult" and "American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives." Trump has said he wants US companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within US industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the US market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world's second-biggest economy. But they also worry Trump's policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a 'grand bargain' involving other issues such as North Korea. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisors, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the US State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled. "With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it," said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group's Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China. 'ACTIONS, NOT WORDS' Some of the largest US companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. US steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. US automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China's is 25 percent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China's new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to "stop rigging markets". It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements. In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing's most sensitive issues - the status of Taiwan - after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington's long-held "one China" policy. Trump signed two executive orders on trade on Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the US trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were "going to get down to some serious business" and vowed that "the theft of American prosperity" by foreign countries would end. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday the US-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries' economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services. China tops the list of countries who have trade surpluses with the United States, with a $347 billion surplus last year. TRADE WARS Some in the US business community worry about tit-for-tat retaliation in trade disputes with China. Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the US-China Business Council, said the two presidents need to take "positive actions that would lead to a more durable relationship, not retaliatory actions that would lead to a trade war". The list of commercial issues between the two countries was so long, it would be impossible to make a major dent in them with one meeting, he said. Steve Censky, chief executive of the American Soybean Association, told Reuters he hopes Trump will take a "prudent" approach to the trade relationship and address any issues in a "workman-like manner", recognising that both countries have a lot to lose if the relationship suffers. William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China met senior Trump administration officials in February, and said "it was clear they were very familiar with the issues facing American companies in China, perhaps more so than previous administrations". But several corporate lobbyists, representing a range of companies expressed concern Trump's lack of attention to detail could prove counterproductive when it comes to the intricacies of the massive trade and investment relationship. "It's not yet clear whether ... this is a White House that wants to fundamentally reset the terms of the relationship or tinker at the edges and declare a public relations win," said a China expert at a Washington business lobby who asked not to be named.   Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous UN war crimes investigators say probing alleged Syria gas attack     Next US Senate Republican leader starts clock ticking to showdown on Gorsuch Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
My Account | Sign Out Amazon Shop Amazon photos Contact RSS PDA Other Writings Advertising PJ Media « THE PEOPLE WHO WANT TO GO NAKED IN PUBLIC ARE NEVER THE PEOPLE I WANT TO SEE NAKED: Daimler Meeting… OLD SCHOOL: Using a Single-Action Revolver for Self-Defense…. » April 4, 2017 PRICE, MEET DEMAND: Gillette, Bleeding Market Share, Cuts Prices of Razors. Refills for Gillette men’s razors range from around $2 to $6 per cartridge, depending on the features, when not bought in bulk. That compares with Schick’s $2 to $2.75 per cartridge, when not bought in bulk. The cheapest Dollar Shave Club option features refills for 20-cents a cartridge. Even as lower-cost shave clubs entered the scene, P&G continued to roll out new, pricier products, such as a razor featuring a swiveling-ball hinge that allows the blade to pivot. Last month, the company filed a patent application for a razor cartridge that heats up. Among the items getting a price cut: cartridges for the Fusion razor that features five blades in a single head and a special trimmer on the back for hard-to-reach areas. A four-pack that was selling for around $19.50 will now go for closer to $15. On average, prices will fall by 12%, P&G says. The best disposable shave you can get is from old-fashioned double-edge safety razors, which run from about 10¢ to 25¢ apiece and last all week. Tweet   Posted by Stephen Green at 4:13 pm Search Instapundit Link to Instapundit Archives Recommended Six: The Movie Becker-Posner Blog BlackProf Books for Kids Blog Cliopatria Deceiver.com Dr. Helen InstaPundit Store! My TCS Columns Of Arms & the Law PJ Media Strategy Page The Tatler WiFi Net News Big Journalism ALDaily Anchoress Andrew Malcolm Barone Blog Best of the Web Biased BBC BlogCritics Bluey Blog Brain Terminal Breitbart.com Chris Anderson Cox and Forkum Daily Howler Dan Gillmor Dave Barry David Corn David Frum Day By Day DefenseTech Don Surber Drudge Report Electrolite Ernie the Attorney Flit Fraters Libertas Gary Farber Gateway Pundit Gene Expression Hit and Run Howard Kurtz Hugh Hewitt Indian Country Inside Higher Ed. Jennifer Rubin Jim Geraghty Josh Marshall Jules Crittenden Jurist JWR Kausfiles Kevin Drum Larry Kudlow Mark Steyn Martin Peretz MediaBistro Michael Silence Michelle Malkin Neal Boortz PoliticalWire RealClearPolitics Red State Rich Galen SciTech Daily Scott Rosenberg SlashDot Slate.com Tapped TCS Daily That Liberal Media The Corner The Note TownHall.com Virginia Postrel Walter Shapiro Pure Bloggers Alphecca Andrea See Andrew Olmsted Ann Althouse Baldilocks Baseball Crank Bigwig Bill Peschel Bill Quick Bill Whittle BitchGirls Bjorn Staerk Blackfive Blogosferics Blogs of War Brad DeLong Brian Carnell Brian Linse Brothers Judd Burchismo Capt. Ed Charles Austin Charles Murtaugh ChicagoBoyz Clayton Cramer Colby Cosh Cold Fury Cori Dauber Correspondence Committee Cranky Professor Critical Mass Crooked Timber Damian Penny Daniel Drezner Dave Kopel Dave Winer David Pinto Dean Esmay Deinonychus Denise Howell Derek Lowe Diana Hsieh Discriminations Doc Searls Donald Luskin Donald Sensing DPM Dr. Frank Dr. Weevil Ed Cone Ed Driscoll Edward Boyd Eric Muller Eric S. Raymond Eve Tushnet Fight Aging! FuturePundit Geek Press Gut Rumbles HaightSpeech Heather Havrilesky Howard Bashman Howard Owens Howard Veit IMAO InkWell InstaLawyer Iraq the Model Jack Balkin James Lileks Jason Kottke Jay Manifold Jeff Goldstein Jeff Jarvis Jerry Pournelle Jessica’s Well Jim Henley Jim Miller Jim Treacher Joanne Jacobs John Cole John Ellis John Scalzi John Weidner Joshua Claybourn Kate Kathy Kinsley Katie Granju Kesher Talk Kevin Holtsberry Kitchen Cabinet La Shawn Barber Larry Lessig Laurence Simon Listen Missy Lynne Kiesling Mark Byron Martin Devon Master of None Matt Welch Matthew Hoy MCJ Megan McArdle Meryl Yourish Michael Totten Mike Silverman Milt Rosenberg MinuteMan (Maguire) Misha Mitch Berg Moira Breen Mudville Gazette N.Z. Bear NanoDot Natalie Solent Nick Denton No Watermelons Obscure Store Photon Courier Power Line Professor Bainbridge Rabbit Blog Rand Simberg Rantburg RealClearPolitics Rebecca Blood RedState Reid Stott Rich Hailey Right Wing News Robert Musil Robin Roberts Roger L. Simon Samizdata SCSU Scholars Silent Running Sissy Willis Skippy Spoons Stefan Sharkansky Stephen Green Steven Den Beste Stuart Buck Suman Palit TalkLeft The Agitator The Fat Guy The Homeless Guy The Volokh Conspiracy Tim Blair Ublog Walter Olson Will Warren William Hobbs Winds of Change Yuppies of Zion Zeyad About FAQ Podcasts Terms of Use Powered by WordPress | Design by Sekimori | Instapundit & Instapundit.com Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. | VIEW MOBILE SITE
null
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Nation/World Analysis: Bill O’Reilly’s problems just got real Tue., April 4, 2017, 9:55 a.m. In this combination photo, former Fox News contributor Wendy Walsh, left, appears at a news conference in the Woodland Hills section of Los Angeles on Monday, April 3, 2017, and Fox News personality Bill O’Reilly appears on the set of his show, “The O’Reilly Factor” on Oct. 1, 2015 in New York. (File / Associated Press) By Callum Borchers Washington Post Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Fox News stood by Bill O’Reilly when he settled a high-profile sexual harassment lawsuit in 2004 and when a 2015 Mother Jones article chronicled the host’s misleading claims about having covered a “war zone” during the Falklands War. More important, advertisers stood by O’Reilly. In fact, the King of Cable News enjoyed a ratings boost at the height of the Falklands scrutiny, which only made his nightly show a more appealing forum on which to air commercials. The New York Times, citing data from Kantar Media, reported on Tuesday that O’Reilly’s program hauled in $446 million in ad revenue from 2014 to 2016. The Times also reported this: —- Mercedes-Benz and Hyundai said they were withdrawing their ads from Mr. O’Reilly’s prime-time show, “The O’Reilly Factor,” after the New York Times published an investigation this weekend that found five women who made allegations of sexual harassment or inappropriate behavior against him. Those five women received settlements totaling about $13 million, the Times reported. —- O’Reilly’s problems just got real. Losing advertisers, let’s remember, contributed to Glenn Beck’s downfall at Fox News in 2011. Walmart, Geico, CVS and Procter and Gamble were among the major companies that pulled ads off Beck’s show, which had quickly become one of the most popular in cable news after its 2009 debut. Despite his large following, Beck’s polarizing commentary frightened off mainstream brands. Most memorably, Beck declared on the air that President Barack Obama was “a racist” who “has a deep-seated hatred for white people.” Sponsors didn’t desert Beck all at once, but eventually hundreds of companies refused to buy airtime during his show. O’Reilly is a long, long way from becoming a business liability on par with Beck. But when advertisers start walking, TV executives start paying attention. The bottom-line reality is that lost revenue registers in a way that liberal outrage over something like, say, a “James Brown wig” does not. Even questions about journalistic integrity can be shrugged off or spun to O’Reilly’s advantage. The Falklands episode two years ago centered on previous claims O’Reilly had made about his career as a reporter, such as this one in his 2001 book: “I’ve reported on the ground in active war zones from El Salvador to the Falklands.” In fact, O’Reilly – like almost all journalists who covered the Falklands War in 1982 – never set foot on the Falkland Islands. After Mother Jones published its report, O’Reilly said he never meant to suggest he was on the islands and was referring to his on-the-ground coverage of postwar protests on the Argentine mainland, in Buenos Aires. He said that distinguishing between combat on the islands and faraway demonstrations in which soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse protesters amounted to “splitting hairs.” Slate’s Justin Peters explained at the time why reporting by Mother Jones and subsequent coverage by the likes of Media Matters would not dent O’Reilly: —- Being accused of fabulism by liberal news outlets like Mother Jones and Media Matters doesn’t harm O’Reilly’s credibility because O’Reilly’s credibility is dependent on exploiting a sense of victimization among his audience. Much of the Fox News demographic is composed of people who feel that they’re under attack by unscrupulous liberals. So when it appears that a host comes under attack by unscrupulous liberals, that serves to reinforce their existing worldview. The first thought isn’t Bill O’Reilly is a liar. It’s The world is out to get Bill O’Reilly. —- O’Reilly’s viewers might be similarly galvanized now. But the success of his show depends on advertisers’ willingness to pay for access to those viewers, and two just said they are no longer willing. Published: April 4, 2017, 9:55 a.m.  Tags: Bill O'Reilly, Fox News, media, politics, sexual harassment, television ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo AdTech Shopper Marketing Forum Awards CASSIES Shopper Innovation Awards AToMiC Awards Marketing Awards PROMO! Awards Strategy Awards Agency of The Year Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Tech C-Suite    ARCHIVE Home » Agencies, Awards » Canada cracks top 10 on Warc 100 Leo Burnett, Cossette and Grey are among the many agencies that contributed to this year's ranking. By Josh Kolm 16 hours ago Canada’s advertising industry has been recognized for the effectiveness of its work, as it came in at number 10 on this year’s country rankings on the Warc 100, up from 13 in last year. The Warc 100 lists are based on results from a variety of global advertising awards programs, particularly those focused on creative effectiveness and strategy. In the campaign rankings, P&G’s global “#LikeAGirl” campaign for Always, led by Leo Burnett Toronto, came in at number 8 on this year’s rankings. It was one of the few campaigns to reappear on the rankings, having placed second last year. In another international campaign, Grey Canada’s “#GroceriesNotGuns” for Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America came in at number 41. Here at home, Leo’s “#WhoWillYouHelp” campaign for the Ontario Women’s Directorate landed at number 53 on the rankings. The “Colder It Gets” out-of-home campaign for Mark’s by Touche! came in at number 63, while DDB Canada and OMD’s “Explore Canada” campaign for Destination Canada was 77th and WestJet’s “12,000 Mini Miracles” by Studio M was 86th. The “Tims Next Door” campaign for Tim Hortons by Taxi and “The Amazing Contest” for Mentos by Cossette were among the campaigns that tied for number 89 on the list. In terms of the agency rankings, Leo Burnett Toronto landed at number 19 on the global list, with Cossette coming in at 27. For media agencies, Touche! came in at number 20. For digital and other specialized agencies, Geometry Global Toronto came in at number 29 with Diamond Integrated Marketing landing at 39. Tags: cossette, DDB, ddb canada, Diamond Integrated Marketing, Geometry Global, grey, Grey Canada, Leo Burnett, Leo Burnett Toronto, OMD, Studio M, TAXI, Touche!, Warc, Warc 100 Related Articles Cossette adds strategy SVP Anomaly partners with Montreal’s Mith Media BBDO adds new VPs Giants & Gentlemen names first head of client services Jan Kelley launches incubator Popular Recent Featured Check it out: WestJet ‘rebrands’ as Canada Air BBDO adds new VPs Giants & Gentlemen names first head of client services Samsung to open new Canadian retail flagship BMO puts weight behind customer wishes Careers » Screening Room » Check it out: WestJet ‘rebrands’ as Canada Air BMO puts weight behind customer wishes Ontario targets the monkey on students’ backs KFC keeps schooling consumers Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook ﻿ About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
null
send search rows 348599 53538 Follow @PJMedia Columnists Newsletters Instapundit Shop News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen search News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen facebook twitter Columnists News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen Instapundit Shop About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us FAQs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy search The Latest. Delivered Daily. Your friends will think you read the whole newspaper font directup font directdown print facebook Share Google Is Teaching Their Ad Bots to Recognize 'Objectionable' Content twitter Tweet email Email Lifestyle Google Is Teaching Their Ad Bots to Recognize 'Objectionable' Content By Tom Knighton 2017-04-03T16:28:20 chat comments Google Is Teaching Their Ad Bots to Recognize 'Objectionable' Content If you're a big name advertiser, it stands to reason that you don't want to taint your brand by having it associated with racists or other vile people who populate so much of the internet. For Google, the largest internet advertising provider, this has been a serious problem. Now, they're trying to address it in order to put advertisers at ease. Over the years, Google trained computer systems to keep copyrighted content and pornography off its YouTube service. But after seeing ads from Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and Wal-Mart appear next to racist, anti-Semitic or terrorist videos, its engineers realized their computer models had a blind spot: They did not understand context. Now teaching computers to understand what humans can readily grasp may be the key to calming fears among big-spending advertisers that their ads have been appearing alongside videos from extremist groups and other offensive messages. Google engineers, product managers and policy wonks are trying to train computers to grasp the nuances of what makes certain videos objectionable. Advertisers may tolerate use of a racial epithet in a hip-hop video, for example, but may be horrified to see it used in a video from a racist skinhead group. That ads bought by well-known companies can occasionally appear next to offensive videos has long been considered a nuisance to YouTube’s business. But the issue has gained urgency in recent weeks, as The Times of London and other outlets have written about brands that inadvertently fund extremists through automated advertising — a byproduct of a system in which YouTube shares a portion of ad sales with the creators of the content those ads appear against. It's a justified concern for those brands. Unfortunately, it raises concerns in a different direction. The "engineers, product managers, and policy wonks" described are people, and that introduces a potential problem. What are these people's biases and will they use that to influence the training the advertising bots will get? Google Pledges $11.5 Million to Make Sure Black Lives Matter For example, a large portion of the criticism of President Obama was labeled as racist. How will that come into play? Will these computers be able to tell the difference between a video of a commentator who takes issue with affirmative action and a video of a Klan member railing against interracial marriage? https://pjmedia.com/lifestyle/2017/04/03/google-is-teaching-their-ad-bots-to-recognize-objectionable-content/ load more facebook Share Google Is Teaching Their Ad Bots to Recognize 'Objectionable' Content twitter Tweet email Email Related: technology Related Products The Western Story Lecture #6: The Genres of Western Learning: Novels, Plays, Poems, Essays and Treatises amazon.com History In The News Lecture #2: The 21st American Century or What Amazon or Facebook Says About America amazon.com Klavan and Whittle: Manly Men and Womanly Women amazon.com Editor's Choice Looking for Must-See Films? comments Here's a True Ranking of the Beatles' Albums from Worst to First comments Dear 30-Year-Old Man-Child Who Got His Girlfriend Pregnant comments Who knew your inbox could be this informative? Your friends will think you read the whole newspaper Copyright © 2005-2017 PJ Media All Rights Reserved. About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us FAQs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy  
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments300+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Fix Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Bill O’Reilly’s problems just got real: 10 advertisers have dropped him The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Callum Borchers By Callum Borchers April 4 at 5:50 PM Follow @callumborchers Fox News host Bill O'Reilly. (Frank Micelotta/Invision/AP) Fox News stood by Bill O'Reilly when he settled a high-profile sexual harassment lawsuit in 2004 and when a 2015 Mother Jones article chronicled the host's misleading claims about having covered a “war zone” during the Falklands War. More important, advertisers stood by O'Reilly. Now, however, 10 big-name sponsors have pulled their spots from “The O'Reilly Factor” after a New York Times investigation which found that a total of five women have collectively received $13 million in settlements after accusing the host of sexual harassment or inappropriate conduct. The companies are Mercedes-Benz, Hyundai, BMW of North America, Untuckit, Constant Contact, Ainsworth Pet Nutrition, GSK pharmaceuticals, Allstate, Sanofi and T. Rowe Price. O'Reilly's problems just got real. "We value our partners and are working with them to address their current concerns about 'The O'Reilly Factor,' " Paul Rittenberg, Fox News's executive vice president of advertising sales, said in a statement. "At this time, the ad buys of those clients have been re-expressed into other [Fox News] programs." Losing advertisers, let's remember, contributed to Glenn Beck's downfall at Fox News in 2011. Walmart, Geico, CVS and Procter and Gamble were among the major companies that pulled ads off Beck's show, which had quickly become one of the most popular in cable news after its 2009 debut. Despite his large following, Beck's polarizing commentary frightened off mainstream brands. Most memorably, Beck declared on the air that President Barack Obama was “a racist” who “has a deep-seated hatred for white people.” Sponsors didn't desert Beck all at once, but eventually hundreds of companies refused to buy airtime during his show. O'Reilly is a long, long way from becoming a business liability on par with Beck. But when advertisers start walking, TV executives start paying attention. The bottom-line reality is that lost revenue registers in a way that liberal outrage over something like, say, a “James Brown wig” does not. [Maxine Waters swings back at Bill O’Reilly: ‘I’m a strong black woman and I cannot be intimidated’] Even questions about journalistic integrity can be shrugged off or spun to O'Reilly's advantage. The Falklands episode two years ago centered on previous claims O'Reilly had made about his career as a reporter, such as this one in his 2001 book: “I've reported on the ground in active war zones from El Salvador to the Falklands.” In fact, O'Reilly — like almost all journalists who covered the Falklands War in 1982 — never set foot on the Falkland Islands. After Mother Jones published its report, O'Reilly said he never meant to suggest he was on the islands and was referring to his on-the-ground coverage of postwar protests on the Argentine mainland, in Buenos Aires. He said that distinguishing between combat on the islands and faraway demonstrations in which soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse protesters amounted to “splitting hairs.” Slate's Justin Peters explained at the time why reporting by Mother Jones and subsequent coverage by the likes of Media Matters would not dent O'Reilly: Being accused of fabulism by liberal news outlets like Mother Jones and Media Matters doesn’t harm O’Reilly’s credibility because O’Reilly’s credibility is dependent on exploiting a sense of victimization among his audience. Much of the Fox News demographic is composed of people who feel that they’re under attack by unscrupulous liberals. So when it appears that a host comes under attack by unscrupulous liberals, that serves to reinforce their existing worldview. The first thought isn’t Bill O’Reilly is a liar. It’s The world is out to get Bill O’Reilly. O'Reilly's viewers might be similarly galvanized now. The King of Cable News enjoyed a ratings boost at the height of the Falklands scrutiny, which only made his nightly show a more appealing forum on which to air commercials. The Times, citing data from Kantar Media, reported on Tuesday's frong page that O'Reilly's program hauled in $446 million in ad revenue from 2014 to 2016. The continued success of “The Factor” depends on advertisers' willingness to keep paying for access to O'Reilly's viewers, and 10 just said they are no longer willing. This post has been updated. politics the-fix Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics the-fix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 300+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Callum Borchers covers the intersection of politics and media. Follow @callumborchers 300 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 ‘It went off the rails almost immediately’: How Trump’s messy transition led to a chaotic presidency 2 The left and right agree: Fox News destroyed EPA chief Scott Pruitt over climate change 3 Analysis So, which party is responsible for the death of the filibuster? Let’s debate. 4 Analysis Please, can someone brief the president on the unemployment rate? 5 Analysis Sean Spicer and Stephen Bannon’s poll numbers are even worse than Trump’s Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics the-fix Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
null
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Subscribe to Newsletters Lyft and Salesforce Team Up With Sheryl Sandberg’s Lean In to Support Equal Pay Day By John Bonazzo • 04/04/17 9:55am Since her book Lean In was published four years ago, Sheryl Sandberg has become a champion of women’s equality. Twitter Today is Equal Pay Day, which symbolizes how far into the year women must work to earn what men earned in the previous year. While women on average are paid 20 percent less than men, the actual impact varies by race—black women are paid 37 percent less on average, and Hispanic women earn 46 percent less than men. If this pay gap was closed, 3.1 million working women and their families could live above the poverty line. While Equal Pay Day has been around since 1996, it’s gained increasing visibility in the age of the internet, thanks in large part to Sheryl Sandberg’s women’s empowerment initiative Lean In. This year the organization is partnering with companies like LUNA and Procter & Gamble on a program called #20PercentCounts. Participating companies will offer 20 percent discounts to highlight the gender pay gap. The Washington, D.C. chapter of Lean In has run the program locally for the past three years, and is now expanding it to 25 cities across America. Several tech companies are involved, most notably Lyft. Today the ridesharing firm, which is trying to position itself as the moral alternative to Uber, is donating 20 percent of proceeds from rides taken before 6 PM to organizations that serve women and families, including Dress for Success, Feeding America and Boys & Girls Clubs of America. “At Lyft, we celebrate a diverse and inclusive culture, and we participate to make change happen — whether that’s at work or in the car,” the company said in a statement. Lyft’s involvement with Lean In is a hit with its customers so far: Alright @lyft is just killing it. 👏🏼 #EqualPayDay #20PercentCounts #LeanIn pic.twitter.com/bozTRvnSe6 — Jordan-Risa (@jordanrisa) April 3, 2017 The company’s other diversity initiatives include UpLyft Women, an internal employment resource group that provides leadership opportunities and mentorship for female Lyft drivers. Cloud computing firm Salesforce, which last year pledged to close the gender wage gap among its workers, is also part of #20PercentCounts. The firm donated to Lean In to support the national rollout of the campaign, and has also partnered with celebrity “Equal Pay Trailblazers,” including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, activist Lilly Ledbetter, tennis legend Billie Jean King and actress Patricia Arquette (who advocated for equal pay when she won an Oscar). Ledbetter, King and Arquette are taking part in a panel on “Building a Better World With the Support of the World Economic Forum” at a Salesforce event in Washington, D.C. today at 1 PM EST. You can stream the event on Salesforce’s website. SEE ALSO: This Harvard-Backed Athletic Wearable Is the MLB’s Favorite New Toy Observer Daily Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Search Home About Contact Our Office Staff Staff History Advertise News Campus News and Events University of New Haven Sheriff Clarke Controversy U.S. News Politics Global News Opinion & Editorial Sports Student Life Features Entertainment Music Movies Television Theatre Lifestyle Health and Fitness Food and Drink The Charger Bulletin RSS Feed YouTube Instagram Twitter Facebook Search The Charger Bulletin Home About Contact Our Office Staff Staff History Advertise News Campus News and Events University of New Haven Sheriff Clarke Controversy U.S. News Politics Global News Opinion & Editorial Sports Student Life Features Entertainment Music Movies Television Theatre Lifestyle Health and Fitness Food and Drink More » April 4We Need to Give Public Schools More Money, Not Less April 4Is Sex in Shameless Really Shameless? April 4Save a Life. Adopt. April 4Lessons From Being the Only Girl in Little League April 4President Kaplan Encourages Students to Live On Campus April 4Empowered Women Empower Women: UNH Women’s Leadership Conference April 3Commuters Have Mixed Feelings on Commuter Appreciation Week April 3Amy Bleuel, Founder of Project Semicolon, Dies at 31 April 3A Panel on Free Speech for College Campuses April 2University, Sodexo Respond to Nutrition Report Allegations Empowered Women Empower Women: UNH Women’s Leadership Conference Close Samantha Reposa, Assistant Editor April 4, 2017 Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close Share on Facebook Share 0 Share on TwitterTweet Share on Pinterest Share 0 Share on LinkedIn Share 0 Share on Google Plus Share 0 Send email Mail Print Print 0 Total Shares Women of all ages and backgrounds gathered in the Bucknall Theater at the University of New Haven to celebrate their womanhood with a theme surrounding “Women, Media and the Gender Lens” at the Women’s Leadership Conference hosted by the University. Alicia Keys’ hit Girl on Fire welcomed Patricia Russo, director of the Yale Campaign School, to the stage as she started off the day of empowerment. “This year is going to be the year of women,” Russo said, in reference to the revolution that has already sparked in support of power that women hold This was seen in January at the Women’s March on Washington, which many partnering marches and forums have stemmed from since. “Let’s get ready to be big and bold,” Russo said. “Get ready to be seen. Who are yo not to be?” Russo went on to talk about the responsibility that women hold in the world and the importance that now, more than ever, they take advantage of the power of opportunity they carry in the world. “You are born to manifest glory in the world. It’s not just in some of us, but all of us,” she said. “You have a responsibility to share your glow with the world.” Russo was followed by University alum and Board of Governors member, Carolyn Brehm. Brehm leads the Procter & Gamble Company’s government relations practitioners in key markets in the United States, Asia, Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Latin America where she works directly with the company’s foreign relations. In Brehm’s address, she addressed P&G’s current promotions on equal representation, equal voice and the advancements they are implementing to empower women through their advertisements. Brehm showed the advertisement for their campaign #LikeAGirl that was inspired to change the perspectives and attitudes toward the phrase “like a girl” and sparked a nerve in consumers. P&G added the gender biases to their citizenship platform and, as a company, both men and women have been supporting in spreading the notion of diversity and inclusion throughout the company. “Feel free to join us in ending gender biases,” Brehm said. “Do it.” Following Brehm was a panel filled with experts in the field that offered valuable insight on the issues that they see within the media and the grit that is required to stay afloat in the industry. The panel was moderated by Khalilah Brown-Dean, an Associate Professor of Political Science at Quinnipiac University, and composed of Ann Nyberg, an anchor/reporter for WTNH-TV, Phoebe Sweet, the Vice President of Summer Strategies, Donnetrice Allison, University alum and an Associate Professor of Communication and African American Studies at Stockton University, and Susan Campbell, a distinguished lecturer at the University and a columnist for the Hartford Courant. Nyberg talked about how the importance of education, especially in the current media cycle, to be able to interpret fact from fiction. “Find the mainstream – find the truth,” Nyberg said. Allison discussed how the media is tearing women down from a young age setting standards on how they should present themselves with unrealistic characteristics. “My battle with the media is both personal and professional,” Allison said in reference to her ten-year-old daughter who grew up a confident young girl, but has recently turned victim, like many others, to the stigmas of perfection onset by the media. Sweet encouraged women to continue the revolution toward women’s rights and stepping up to the plate to run for legislative seats in state and local government or getting involved through any means that they can. “In order to stop the cycle we need more women to step up into leadership roles,” Sweet said. “We need to stay active, marching in January isn’t enough. Stay involved.” Campbell explain the importance of the women’s perspective within the media. “If they shut us down, they shut us up,” Campbell said. “We need more women’s voice because it is far too lonely.” After a series of break off sessions, award winning reporter and executive producer of Latino USA, Maria Hinojosa ended the conference with a powerful keynote surrounding the theme of the day. Hinojosa said she felt a responsibility to share her perspective being a Mexican-turned-American citizen, latina journalist, who also happens to be a “woman and flat chested,” which all happen to be “five things the President hates.” With no real mentors who fit the similar category as Hinojosa in the industry, she was forced to be her own mentor as she trailblazer to future latina journalists. She shared inspiring sermons from her time in the media industry to the hardships her and her family are faced with, being of Latino background in the United States, that touched the audience emotionally. In an appropriate conclusion to the conference, Hinojosa left the crowd with the inspirational saying, “As you know, women don’t give up that easily.” Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook Share 0 Share on TwitterTweet Share on Pinterest Share 0 Share on LinkedIn Share 0 Share on Google Plus Share 0 Send email Mail Print Print 0 Total Shares Leave a Comment If you want a picture to show with your comment, go get a gravatar. Name (required) Email Address (required) Speak your mind Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Click to cancel reply @chargerbulletin Sign up for our weekly newsletter: Email This Week's Issue: Released 4/4 Facebook Facebook By Weblizar Powered By Weblizar Twitter My Tweets Advertisement Navigate Right Navigate Left Campus News and Events Amy Bleuel, Founder of Project Semicolon, Dies at 31 Campus News and Events A Panel on Free Speech for College Campuses Campus News and Events University, Sodexo Respond to Nutrition Report Allegations Campus News and Events Sodexo Receives an F Rating on its Quality of Food Campus News and Events A Chance to Meet Your next Best Buddy Campus News and Events UNH Board of Governors Member Tells Story of Escaping to Freedom Campus News and Events A Panel on Women’s Leadership Campus News and Events New It’s On Us PSA Targets Texting Language Campus News and Events University Releases New Core Curriculum Plan for Fall 2017 Campus News and Events SCOPE Details How the Spring Weekend Selection Process Works The Charger Bulletin RSS Feed YouTube Instagram Twitter Facebook The Official News Source of the University of New Haven Search © 2017 (c) The Charger Bulletin 2016 • Privacy Policy • FLEX WordPress Theme by SNO • Log in Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Search Submit Search Activate Search Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close Scroll to Top Empowered Women Empower Women: UNH Women’s Leadership Conference Search Home About Contact Our Office Staff Staff History Advertise News Campus News and Events University of New Haven Sheriff Clarke Controversy U.S. News Politics Global News Opinion & Editorial Sports Student Life Features Entertainment Music Movies Television Theatre Lifestyle Health and Fitness Food and Drink
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch Severe weather slams South, and other MoneyWatch h... Newsmakers Shots Fired 60 Minutes - Business Peter Marino 60 Minutes Letters on "Chess Country" CBS Evening News Suspected gas attack CBS Evening News Rice on Russia leaks CBS Evening News Trump condemns Obama CBS Evening News Ivanka on not speaking up CBS Evening News Fake kidnapping scams CBS Evening News O'Reilly ads pulled CBS Evening News The Vatican's keyholder CBS This Morning Fuel container dangers CBS This Morning Chelsea Clinton on Russia probe Health - Wednesday Value of doctor's second opinion CBS This Morning "Prince Charles" biographer CBS This Morning Tamara Mellon on pay equity CBS Evening News Trump business concerns CBS Evening News Kushner's foreign policy CBS Evening News Trump praises strongman CBS Evening News Supreme Court showdown CBS Evening News Russia subway attack Markets Payless files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy Markets Is the "Trump trade" fading? Markets U.S. businesses want help with China, not a trade war Markets Ford recalls 53,000 trucks because of roll away risk Markets Cooling car sales could become a hot problem Markets Frank's Red Hot and French's mustard could be sold Markets Veg-O-Matic owner's new sales pitch? Its own shares Markets Will Amazon become the first $1 trillion company? Markets Whirlpool could be a great “America First” stock Markets Why rising bond rates may be a threat to stocks Markets Trump administration slams China over trade issues Markets To feed investors, McDonald's aims to deliver tastier food Reuters April 4, 2017, 9:08 AM U.S. businesses want help with China, not a trade war Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email BEIJING/WASHINGTON - Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China’s leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Mr. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be “very difficult” and “American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.” The president has said he wants U.S. companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within U.S. industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies and of flooding the U.S. market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world’s second-biggest economy. But they also worry Mr. Trump’s policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a “grand bargain” involving other issues such as  North Korea. Play Video CBS This Morning Top agendas in Trump's meeting with Chinese president President Trump told the Financial Times, "If China is not going to solve North Korea, we will." Meanwhile, White House senior adviser Jared Kush... Mr. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisers, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the U.S. State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled. “With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it,” said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group’s Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China. Some of the largest U.S. companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple (AAPL), which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors (GM) and Ford (F), heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar (CAT), retailers like Starbucks (SBUX) and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble (PG). U.S. steel producers want the president to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. U.S. automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The U.S. has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China’s is 25 percent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, which worry that China’s new cybersecurity law taking effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. Play Video CBSN Apple Watch sparks knockoff frenzy in China The Apple Watch officially goes on sale March 24, but that hasn't stopped Chinese counterfeiters from producing some highly coveted knockoffs in ... The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM (IBM), Google (GOOG) and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to “stop rigging markets.” It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements. In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing’s most sensitive issues -- the status of Taiwan -- after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington’s long-held “one China” policy. Mr. Trump signed two executive orders on trade on Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the U.S. trade deficit. He said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were “going to get down to some serious business” and vowed that “the theft of American prosperity” by foreign countries would end. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday the U.S.-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries’ economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services. China tops the list of countries that have trade surpluses with the U.S., at $347 billion last year. Play Video CBS Evening News Trump's conflicts of interest with China President-elect Trump has threatened a trade war with China, yet he's bragged about his great business relationship with the Chinese. Trump's web... Some in the U.S. business community worry about tit-for-tat retaliation in trade disputes with China. Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council, said the two presidents need to take “positive actions that would lead to a more durable relationship, not retaliatory actions that would lead to a trade war.” The list of commercial issues between the two countries was so long, it would be impossible to make a major dent in them with one meeting, he said. China is the largest export market for U.S. soybean producers, accounting for 62 percent of U.S. soy exports in 2016 with a value of over $14 billion, leading some experts to suggest the sector could be particularly vulnerable to retaliation. Steve Censky, chief executive of the American Soybean Association, told Reuters he hopes Mr. Trump will take a “prudent” approach to the trade relationship and address any issues in a “workman-like manner,” recognizing that both countries have a lot to lose if the relationship suffers. William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China, met senior Trump administration officials in February and said “it was clear they were very familiar with the issues facing American companies in China, perhaps more so than previous administrations.” But several corporate lobbyists, representing a range of companies, expressed concern that Mr. Trump’s lack of attention to detail could prove counterproductive when it comes to the intricacies of the massive trade and investment relationship. “It’s not yet clear whether ... this is a White House that wants to fundamentally reset the terms of the relationship or tinker at the edges and declare a public relations win,” said a China expert at a Washington business lobby who asked not to be named. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Kendall Jenner, Pepsi slammed for "tone-deaf" ad 6110 Views Payless files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy Federal Reserve member quits on role in leak to financial analyst Bill O'Reilly sexual allegations spur advertiser exodus Uber reportedly uses psychological tricks on drivers Market News Moneywatch Spotlight Living with history: 200-year-old houses for sale 5 cars you really ought to test drive Tax-friendly states for retirees The 10 strangest home gadgets of 2017 10 homes you can buy for $500,000 Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 36-51 We set you thinking Wednesday 5 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World A child soldier tries to go home again 1491372960 World Syrian government cannot stay on after civil war over: Britain's Johnson 1491375049 World Warplanes mount fresh airstrikes in Idlib area: Syrian Observatory 1491374425 World Blast in Pakistani city of Lahore kills at least six 1491374879 World Trust ratings of Philippines' Duterte fall slightly, poll shows 1491373767 World Magnitude 6.1 quake strikes near Mashhad in northeastern Iran: USGS 1491373820 World Pink diamond fetches record US$71.2m in Hong Kong auction 1491373907 World May suggests free movement could continue during Brexit implementation: BBC 1491373248 Singapore Tackling question of intent the way to root out fake news: Experts 1491336060 Singapore Samsung Galaxy S8 devices available from April 29; pre-orders start Friday 1491368460 Business Chevron pivots to Permian shale as mega-project era fades 1491372580 Business China holds up Asia stocks; oil gains on North Sea outage 1491372372 World Russia says Syria gas incident caused by rebels' own chemical arsenal 1491372014 World Scores reported killed in gas attack on Syrian rebel area 1491358240 China&India Sri Lanka battles fire aboard mega container vessel travelling to Egypt from Singapore 1491371340 Business LNG producers turn to trading, risk taking to maintain market share 1491371407 World Ex-Cyclone Debbie wreaks havoc in New Zealand 1491370443 World Taiwan to build eight submarines under indigenous shipbuilding project 1491367160 Business Exclusive: China's Great Wall Motor eyes plant in Mexico states hit by Trump - sources 1491368813 World Sack Umno MP for normalising rape, Malaysian lawmaker urges PM Najib 1491364860 World Reject lawmakers with ‘perverted’ mindsets, Selangor Speaker tells women 1491359460 Business McDonald's U.S. appoints three to senior roles 1491367539 World Mar-a-Lago hosts foreign leaders in Jazz Age opulence 1491361500 Singapore 4 long weekends expected in 2018 1491360420 Voices Why is Singapore not the happiest country in the world? 1491366710 Singapore Tengah environmental study findings to be out soon 1491318780 Singapore More than 500 attend career fair for mature jobseekers 1491336120 Singapore Hougang incident shows Singaporeans aware of terror risk: Shanmugam 1491336120 World In Iraq, Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, upbeat on Mosul 1491349680 Singapore Telcos pony up record S$1.14b for spectrum rights 1491345360 Singapore Review of public transport fare adjustment formula and mechanism underway: PTC 1491366403 China&India Not just for aunties? China’s hottest square dance instructor is only five years old 1491348960 World Trump son Eric calls nepotism ‘factor of life’ 1491355260 World El Salvador arrests prominent businessman on money-laundering charges 1491365704 New Zealand's finger-lickin' posties to deliver KFC 1491363060 Business U.S. regulator fines Credit Suisse unit, adviser over improper investments 1491364969 Singapore 3 employers charged for failing to pay salaries, 3 more to be hauled to court 1491298860 World North Korea test-fires missile into sea ahead of Trump-Xi summit 1491359580 Entertainment Singapore's first crowdsourced film premieres at Shaw Lido 1491336120 Sports Four independent candidates not cleared to run for FAS elections 1491336120 Business U.S. office vacancy rate flat in first quarter: Reis 1491363519 Singapore WP’s Faisal rebuked for ‘divisive’ remarks on tudung issue 1491321660 Sports Singapore Sevens unveils Tiger Beer, F Club as official partners 1491359640 Singapore Mediacorp Channel 5 apologises for offensive segment on OK Chope! 1491360660 World U.S., France, Britain propose U.N. resolution on Syria gas attack 1491358240 World More than half a million sign Melania Trump petition 1491356203 World Colombia starts to bury 262 landslide victims, search continues 1491234457 World Japanese PM says further provocative action is possible from North Korea 1491355360 World South Korea condemns North Korea missile launch 1491355099 World Brazil lawmakers vote to regulate Uber, other apps 1491353889 Business U.S. business seeks action, not trade war, in Xi-Trump summit FILE PHOTO: A security guard walks past a Cisco display at the Mobile Asia Expo in Shanghai. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:30 PM, April 4, 2017 Updated: 7:55 PM, April 4, 2017 BEIJING/WASHINGTON - Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China's leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be "very difficult" and "American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives." Trump has said he wants U.S. companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within U.S. industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the U.S. market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world's second-biggest economy. But they also worry Trump's policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a 'grand bargain' involving other issues such as North Korea. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisors, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the U.S. State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled. "With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it," said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group's Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China. 'ACTIONS, NOT WORDS' Some of the largest U.S. companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. U.S. steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. U.S. automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China's is 25 percent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China's new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to "stop rigging markets". It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements. In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing's most sensitive issues – the status of Taiwan - after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington's long-held "one China" policy. Trump signed two executive orders on trade on Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the U.S. trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were "going to get down to some serious business" and vowed that "the theft of American prosperity" by foreign countries would end. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday the U.S.-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries' economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services. China tops the list of countries who have trade surpluses with the United States, with a $347 billion surplus last year. TRADE WARS Some in the U.S. business community worry about tit-for-tat retaliation in trade disputes with China. Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council, said the two presidents need to take "positive actions that would lead to a more durable relationship, not retaliatory actions that would lead to a trade war". The list of commercial issues between the two countries was so long, it would be impossible to make a major dent in them with one meeting, he said. China is the largest export market for U.S. soybean producers, accounting for 62 percent of U.S. soy exports in 2016 with a value of over $14 billion, leading some experts to suggest the sector could be particularly vulnerable to retaliation. Steve Censky, chief executive of the American Soybean Association, told Reuters he hopes Trump will take a "prudent" approach to the trade relationship and address any issues in a "workman-like manner", recognizing that both countries have a lot to lose if the relationship suffers. William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China met senior Trump administration officials in February, and said "it was clear they were very familiar with the issues facing American companies in China, perhaps more so than previous administrations". But several corporate lobbyists, representing a range of companies expressed concern Trump's lack of attention to detail could prove counterproductive when it comes to the intricacies of the massive trade and investment relationship. "It's not yet clear whether ... this is a White House that wants to fundamentally reset the terms of the relationship or tinker at the edges and declare a public relations win," said a China expert at a Washington business lobby who asked not to be named. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players With new phone due, Samsung dials down on safety message Will leading economic indicators continue to soar? Westinghouse woes could raise power bills in Georgia, South Carolina Westinghouse wins UK reactor approval from nuclear regulator Wells Fargo to pay $110 million to settle lawsuit over account abuses Wells Fargo says flunked test for community lending Wells Fargo must face litigation on defective mortgages: U.S. judge Weekly jobless claims fall less than expected Waymo-Uber judge says may grant injunction if key witness doesn't testify Waymo targets second senior executive in Uber self-driving dispute Inside Today World Syrian government cannot stay on after civil war over: Britain's Johnson Blast in Pakistani city of Lahore kills at least six Warplanes mount fresh airstrikes in Idlib area: Syrian Observatory Pink diamond fetches record US$71.2m in Hong Kong auction Magnitude 6.1 quake strikes near Mashhad in northeastern Iran: USGS Business Chevron pivots to Permian shale as mega-project era fades China holds up Asia stocks; oil gains on North Sea outage LNG producers turn to trading, risk taking to maintain market share Exclusive: China's Great Wall Motor eyes plant in Mexico states hit by Trump - sources McDonald's U.S. appoints three to senior roles Sports Singapore Sevens unveils Tiger Beer, F Club as official partners Four independent candidates not cleared to run for FAS elections Ex-national swim coach not surprised by Quah’s NCAA debut showing This one’s for you, Dad, says emotional Amita after world cadet fencing bronze win Coach of Spanish third tier side arrested for suspected match-fixing Entertainment Singapore's first crowdsourced film premieres at Shaw Lido Pangdemonium tangos into controversy with new play SAM to close for S$90m revamp Coldplay live up to the hype NAC ups arts funding, but some groups see cuts About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Photos Videos Topics Live PAK 127/3 (19) - WI 124/8 (20) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home World U.S. business seeks action, not trade war, in Xi-Trump summit Shares1 Tue, 4 Apr 2017-04:55pm , Reuters Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China's leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be "very difficult" and "American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives." Trump has said he wants U.S. companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within U.S. industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the U.S. market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world's second-biggest economy. But they also worry Trump's policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a 'grand bargain' involving other issues such as North Korea. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisors, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the U.S. State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled. "With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it," said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group's Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China. 'ACTIONS, NOT WORDS' Some of the largest U.S. companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. U.S. steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. U.S. automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China's is 25 percent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China's new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to "stop rigging markets". It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements. In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing's most sensitive issues – the status of Taiwan - after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington's long-held "one China" policy. Trump signed two executive orders on trade on Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the U.S. trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were "going to get down to some serious business" and vowed that "the theft of American prosperity" by foreign countries would end. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday the U.S.-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries' economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services. China tops the list of countries who have trade surpluses with the United States, with a $347 billion surplus last year. TRADE WARS Some in the U.S. business community worry about tit-for-tat retaliation in trade disputes with China. Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council, said the two presidents need to take "positive actions that would lead to a more durable relationship, not retaliatory actions that would lead to a trade war". The list of commercial issues between the two countries was so long, it would be impossible to make a major dent in them with one meeting, he said. China is the largest export market for U.S. soybean producers, accounting for 62 percent of U.S. soy exports in 2016 with a value of over $14 billion, leading some experts to suggest the sector could be particularly vulnerable to retaliation. Steve Censky, chief executive of the American Soybean Association, told Reuters he hopes Trump will take a "prudent" approach to the trade relationship and address any issues in a "workman-like manner", recognising that both countries have a lot to lose if the relationship suffers. William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China met senior Trump administration officials in February, and said "it was clear they were very familiar with the issues facing American companies in China, perhaps more so than previous administrations". But several corporate lobbyists, representing a range of companies expressed concern Trump's lack of attention to detail could prove counterproductive when it comes to the intricacies of the massive trade and investment relationship. "It's not yet clear whether ... this is a White House that wants to fundamentally reset the terms of the relationship or tinker at the edges and declare a public relations win," said a China expert at a Washington business lobby who asked not to be named. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World After Syria attack, Britain, France, US present UN draft resolution condemning use of chemical weapons World Muslim teen writes Black Lives Matter in his US college application, gets a call from Stanford World Britain allocates 1 billion pounds for Syrian refugees World North Korea test-fires missile into sea off its east coast ahead of US-China summit World Syria: Trump blames Obama, Assad after 58 people killed in chemical attack World North Korea fires missile into sea ahead of Donald Trump - Xi Jinping summit Live Cricket Score Live PAK 127/3 (19) PAK beat WI by 7 wickets WI 124/8 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Ivanka Trump addresses equal pay day on Twitter; gets trolled North Korea test-fires missile into sea off its east coast ahead of US-China summit North Korea fires missile into sea ahead of Donald Trump - Xi Jinping summit Video WATCH: Academy award-winning singer John Legend croons Gordon Ramsay's brutal insults Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki WATCH: These adorable two-year-old twins act out their favourite scene from Frozen to perfection View all Tags Donald Trump Beijing Apple Asia Terry Branstad United States Washington White House Caterpillar Congress General Motors Iowa North Korea Procter & Gamble Reuters Starbucks Taiwan U. S. State Department CIA Zheng Zeguang American Chamber American Chamber of Commerce American Soybean Association Ford Information Technology Innovation Foundation Jingping Mar-a-Lago The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation William Zarit SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Magnitude 6.1 quake strikes near Mashhad in northeastern Iran Four Pakistan Army soldiers, two civilians slain in Lahore suicide blast Three Sri Lankan nationals held with fake passports BSF seizes 15 kg heroin near border in Tarn Taran district Ivanka Trump addresses equal pay day on Twitter; gets trolled Sport WATCH: Kashmiri cricket team dons Pakistan's jersey, sings Pak national anthem as ‘mark of respect’ Soccer-Man City's Guardiola tells players to prove their worth Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Entertainment Lena Dunham has 'mixed emotions' on being 'Disease Free' Sidharth Malhotra and Jacqueline Fernandez to shoot a promotional song for 'Reload' Alia Bhatt's mom Soni Razdan returns to TV after 11 years Rajkummar Rao in John Abraham's next Meet Arjun Kapoor aka Madhav Jha from Mohit Suri's 'Half Girlfriend' Money Formosa Vietnam steel mill meets conditions for test runs a year after spill Cardamom futures gain 0.71% on rise in spot demand Zinc futures rise 1.37% on overseas cues, spot demand Spot demand lifts nickel futures; rises by 1.40 pc FOREX-Dollar pressured ahead of Trump-Xi summit, N.Korea concerns Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Sustainable Brands Announces Full Conference Program for SB’17 Detroit Interface, KIND Healthy Snacks, Chobani, Google, IBM among companies confirmed to showcase how sustainability-led innovation can drive business success SAN FRANCISCO, Mar. 29 /CSRwire/ –  Sustainable Brands® recently announced full program details for SB’17 Detroit, running May 22-25 at the Cobo Center in downtown Detroit. The conference will convene more than 2,000 senior executives, top brand strategists and leading sustainability practitioners to discover how brands can position themselves for success against a backdrop of changing societal needs. SB’17 Detroit marks the launch of a global initiative to discover how redefined societal aspirations are transforming the way brands deliver value for their customers. Brand leaders, sustainability practitioners and design innovators will unite in Detroit for a collective conversation about how businesses can emerge as leaders in the 21st century economy. More than 300 influential leaders and cutting-edge practitioners of environmental and social innovation will host interactive discussions, breakout sessions, plenary presentations, deep-dive workshops and networking activities, including: Hamdi Ulukaya, CEO of Chobani, emphasizing how inclusion and a strong focus on employee wealth creation can drive business success. Sarah Chandler, Director of Operations and Environmental Initiatives at Apple, exposing the challenges of creating a closed loop supply chain and pulling the curtain on research and innovation facilitating a circular economy. Daniel Lubetzky, CEO of KIND Healthy Snacks, sharing how to lead with empathy and why it’s more important than ever to build bridges between people. Lorna Davis, Chief Manifesto Catalyst at Danone, Michael Arena, Chief Talent Officer at General Motors, and Kimberly Kleiman-Lee, Senior Executive Leadership Development at General Electric, revealing how to reinvent brands inside and out with compelling new visions. Neil Hawkins, Chief Sustainability Officer at The Dow Chemical Company, Pashon Murray, Co-Founder of Detroit Dirt, Hajj Flemmings, Founder of re:Brand Detroit, Tyson Gersh, Co-Founder and President of the Michigan Urban Farming Initiative (MUFI), and the Ford Motor Company sharing stories of transformative journeys in and around Detroit, America’s comeback city. David Levine, Co-Founder and CEO of the American Sustainable Business Council, Nelson Switzer, Chief Sustainability Officer at Nestlé Waters, Mindy Lubber, President of Ceres, Olivia Kalihi, Director of Yahoo for Good at Yahoo!, and Meghan French Dunbar, Co-Founder of Conscious Company Media debating the role of brands in inspiring and uniting consumers in the midst of social tension, political division and deregulation. Paul Norman, President, North America at Kellogg Company, Virginie Helias, Vice President of Global Sustainability at Procter & Gamble, and Nour Tayara, Assistant Vice President of Marketing at L’Oreal, unpacking new product innovation and marketing strategies aimed at changing consumer behavior toward more sustainable consumption norms. Dr. Victor Pineda, President & Founder of the Pineda Foundation / World Enabled discussing how brands can design for the true inclusion of all of humanity. Kristina Kloberdanz, the Corporate Responsibility Leader at IBM, demonstrating what Watson can do and how the world’s most popular supercomputer is enabling the Good Life. Charlene Wall-Warren, Director of Sustainability at BASF, showcasing a breakthrough value-to-society approach in a calculating a brand’s contribution to society along the entire value chain. “The emergence of today’s pressing social and environmental challenges is stirring global brand leaders to drive positive and real change – with business success,” states KoAnn Vikoren Skrzyniarz, Founder of Sustainable Brands. “We’re seeing courageous leaders and brilliant ideas coming from both the tried-and-true powerhouse brands of the 20th century as well as the disruptive innovators of the 21st century. Having our community convene in Detroit – the birthplace of American innovation and now re-invention – is providing the perfect backdrop for this year’s event.” In addition to conference programming, the Activation Hub at SB’17 Detroit will be fertile ground for collaboration with Innovation Labs focused around ‘Good Life Pavilions’. Each Innovation Lab will consist of a Subject Matter Expert, a Facilitator and several sponsors, exhibitors and attendees committed to sharing ideas around product/industry sectors. Several confirmed pavilions include: Good Mobility hosted by Ford Motor Company, Good Chemistry hosted by The Dow Chemical Company, Good Cities hosted by BASF, Good Packaging hosted by Amazon, Good Logistics hosted by UPS, and Good Homes hosted by Procter & Gamble.  Other Pavilions include Good Agricultural featuring Wrangler, Good Food featuring WhiteWave Foods and U.S. Farmers & Ranchers Alliance, Good Travel featuring United, and Good Materials featuring Vinyl Business & Sustainability Council among others. This global gathering of prominent business leaders is led by Lead Sponsors Ford Motor Company, The Dow Chemical Company, and BASF. Sustainable Brands Strategic Partner is the Retail Industry Leaders Association. Principal Sponsors include Nestlé and Citizen Group. Target, UPS, Amazon, and Procter & Gamble are Premier sponsors and Savers, Shaw Industries Group, Ltd., Braskem, General Motors, WhiteWave Foods, Vinyl Business & Sustainability Council, and United are Major Sponsors. Additional sponsors and partners include: CVS Health, BillerudKorsnäs, DuPont, NSF International, Forest Stewardship Council, Whirlpool, Cone Communications, South Pole Group, NatureBank, Harris Insights & Analytics, The Huffington Post, Innovation & Tech Today, Forum for the Future, among others. For further information on the conference program, a complete list of confirmed speakers and sponsors or available sponsorship opportunities, please visit the conference website at www.SB17Detroit.com. Registration is now open and global business leaders with innovative solutions are encouraged to participate. About Sustainable Brands Sustainable Brands® is the premier global community of brand innovators who are shaping the future of commerce worldwide. Since 2006, our mission has been to inspire, engage and equip today’s business and brand leaders to prosper for the near and long term by leading the way to a better future. Digitally published news articles and issues-focused conversation topics, internationally known conferences and regional events, a robust e-learning library and peer-to-peer membership groups all facilitate community learning and engagement throughout the year. Sustainable Brands is hosted by Sustainable Brands Worldwide, a division of Sustainable Life Media headquartered in San Francisco, CA. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Avnet and Arizona State University to Host Inaugural ASU Innovation Open Next PostNext Publication of the 2016 Nestlé in Society Creating Shared Value and Meeting Our Commitments Report Search Recent Posts Molino (Wildfire) Severe thunderstorms likely from the Midwest to the Southeast U.S on Wednesday Fibra Inn Announces Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting to Take Place on April 28, 2017 India Globalization Capital Receives Letter from NYSE MKT LLC BERNINA of America Introduces Bernina 350 Special Edition Cotton+Steel Sewing Machine Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Bud Light, Angel Soft, Geico and More 43 minutes ago Array 0 Ralph Lauren to Close Flagship Fifth Avenue Store in Manhattan, Cut Jobs 1 hour ago Array 0 Anomaly's Carl Johnson Says Freedom Is Key for Agency of the Future By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 When Tronc and Oath Merge, Should the Combined Company Be Called Troath? By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago Array 0 This Comics Artist Turned Apple's Terms and Conditions Into a Graphic Novel By Kate Kaye - 3 hours ago Array 0 When Tronc and Oath Merge, Should the Combined Company Be Called Troath? By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 BMW Joins 'O'Reilly Factor' Ad Boycott Over New Allegations By E.J. Schultz - 20 hours ago 0 YouTube Invites in Safety Inspectors, but Powers Are Limited By Garett Sloane - 7 hours ago 0 See Kendall Jenner in Her New Pepsi Ad By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago 0 Hey, Brands: Almost Half of Americans Don't Find You Honest By Judann Pollack - 20 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Inside Esports Star Franchise Optic Gaming By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US YouTube Invites in Safety Inspectors, but Powers Are Limited By Garett Sloane. Published on April 04, 2017. YouTube's plan to reassure advertisers with third-party evaluations of its content seems likely to comprise after-the-fact audits, not screening every possible video before ads run. Credit: Istockphoto/Vertigo3d Most Popular Independent oversight is coming to help police YouTube videos for brands, but there will be limits to what these outside parties can deliver. The ad tech watchdogs won't be able to vet every YouTube video for terrorist tutorials, hate speech and sexual content in time to stop them from ever carrying ads, according to ad tech experts. "A lot of brand safety vendors are jumping all over this opportunity," said Augustine Fou, an ad fraud researcher. "But they're either over-representing what they can do or just not being truthful about the technology." As it tries to reverse a sudden mass exodus of major marketers over content concerns, YouTube has announced expanded partnerships with third-party ad tech vendors such as Integral Ad Science and DoubleVerify so they can audit the platform to ensure ads run appropriately. Advertisers began freezing their ad spending on YouTube last month after press reports revealed their ads on problematic videos there. They say they'll return only once they're assured that it won't happen again. YouTube is missing out on millions of dollars a day and could lose $750 million or more this year if it doesn't turn things around, according to some analyst estimates. The company, owned by Alphabet Inc.'s Google, has been working on solutions that will satisfy boycotting marketers such as AT&T, Procter & Gamble and Nestle. Related Stories YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars See Their Videos Lose Money The third-party vendors are just one piece of what YouTube is implementing. It has given more controls to brands to opt out of ads before certain videos. It has also updated policies to make sure its community of creators abides by its standards, being "demonetized" if they don't. As for the third parties, the details are still being worked out, and the companies don't seem to have a full grasp of what they can accomplish. "We have been notified by Google that DoubleVerify has been chosen as one of the third party measurement partners to help solve the brand safety issues that have been identified by our joint customers," a DoubleVerify spokeswoman said in a statement. "As of yet, we have not received any details on the solution that they are planning." The ad tech companies will act more like auditors, reviewing campaigns after the fact, according to people familiar with YouTube's thinking. The third parties will be able to conduct brand safety reports that show advertisers where campaigns ran. If some small fraction of the ads went to inappropriate video inventory, that could help marketers get off of those videos and avoid having to pay. Integral Ad Science was hoping for even more control, to stop ads from ever running before bad videos, according to CEO Scott Knoll. "Details are still getting worked out," Mr. Knoll said. "I don't think anyone's goal is to provide data after the fact. The whole goal is to prevent this from happening." Mr. Knoll envisions a system where Integral Ad Science could review every YouTube video and assign a risk score. Advertisers would decide what risk threshold works for them. The concept is not unique to Integral Ad Science. Agency holding company giants WPP and Omnicom each announced last week that they would vet millions of videos and assign risk scores. The media holding companies plan to offer whitelisted YouTube videos to advertisers. That approach will shrink the pool of inventory because every piece of content has to be pre-approved. YouTube's strategy appears to be different: It wants to eliminate the bad actors as they arise and focus on getting better at identifying bad actors more quickly. It also wants to make sure marketers keep considering buys across all of its massive inventory, not just picking from someone's pre-approved list. There are more than 500 hours of content uploaded to YouTube every minute. YouTube has shown some advertisers that their ads received a handful of ad impressions on truly bad content out of thousands of "safe" impressions. It hopes brands decide that the issue is manageable and that the third parties can reinforce their confidence. But third parties won't likely be able to deliver much more than that, according to Mr. Fou. If Google can't catch this stuff itself, he said, there's no third party that can do it any better. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Digital Digital Video Mobile Programmatic Search Social Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Pet Food Market 2021 Forecast through detailed segmentation, and Top Player’s Orbis Research has Recently Added a “Pet Food: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)“Research Document to Their Database The Report Considered following Objectives: The report “Pet Food: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)” provides market intelligence on Market segments Based on type The primary objectives of this report are to provide 1) Comprehensive global market intelligence through detailed segmentation 2) Market size and forecasts, growth rates, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market situation, trends 3) Detailed analysis of current dynamics and trends, key market players, and strategies in the market 4) Detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants 5) Provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and restraints of the market and 6) Support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. Get Sample @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/246954 . Key Findings From The Report: – The global pet food market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% from 2017 to 2021. – The USA, UK, Japan, Germany, and Netherlands are the leading countries in pet food market. – The key players in this market are Del Monte Foods, Procter & Gamble, Nestlé, Mars, and Colgate-Palmolive among many others. – Sprout Intelligence expert team estimated that the global pet food market in 2016 was worth more than USD 70 billion. Research Methodology In our market size and forecast determination efforts, an extensive secondary research was initially completed to gain a good perspective of the market in each region. Extensive primary research was also carried out by interviewing the key executives from the industry. These interviews helped us to fill-in the data gaps after secondary research. Several secondary sources such as encyclopedia, directories, and databases have been used to identify and collect information useful for this extensive techno-commercial study. The respondents – selected experts from manufacturers and selected suppliers – have been interviewed to obtain and verify critical information as well as to assess the future prospects. The usage of obtained information is based on the perceived reliability by the research team. In many cases, a combination of several sources was used. Sprout Intelligence provides an in-depth analysis of the market segmentation, which is a critical element of the market intelligence reports at Sprout Intelligence. KEY AUDIENCE Executives in marketing, strategic planning and new product development will find such discussions in our reports pertinent and useful. Management consultants, investment bankers, manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, and regulatory authorities are amongst our regular clientele served. Purchase Copy @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/246954 . DATA SOURCES The general data sources used in this report are company websites, trade association publications, regulatory authorities, journals, magazines, news websites, press releases, media publications, interaction with industry experts, company executives, research papers, articles, patents, scientific literature, among many others. Some Points from List of Table: Table 1 Global Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 2 Global Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 3 Global Pet Food Market, By Region, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 4 North America Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 5 North America Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 6 North America Pet Food Market, By Country, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 7 USA Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 8 USA Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 9 Canada Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 10 Canada Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 11 Mexico Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 12 Mexico Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 13 Rest of NA Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 14 Rest of NA Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Continued…….   About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients.   Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsglobal pet food industry 2012, global pet food industry 2021 forecast, global pet food market, Google News, market research reports, Orbis Research, Pet Food Market, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Urgent Announcement Next PostNext Worldwide Data Center Precision Air Conditioner Market Key Vendors, Trends, Challenges, Drivers and Forecast Till 2021 – Big market Research Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Pet Food Market 2021 Forecast through detailed segmentation, and Top Player’s Orbis Research has Recently Added a “Pet Food: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)“Research Document to Their Database The Report Considered following Objectives: The report “Pet Food: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)” provides market intelligence on Market segments Based on type The primary objectives of this report are to provide 1) Comprehensive global market intelligence through detailed segmentation 2) Market size and forecasts, growth rates, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market situation, trends 3) Detailed analysis of current dynamics and trends, key market players, and strategies in the market 4) Detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants 5) Provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and restraints of the market and 6) Support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. Get Sample @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/246954 . Key Findings From The Report: – The global pet food market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% from 2017 to 2021. – The USA, UK, Japan, Germany, and Netherlands are the leading countries in pet food market. – The key players in this market are Del Monte Foods, Procter & Gamble, Nestlé, Mars, and Colgate-Palmolive among many others. – Sprout Intelligence expert team estimated that the global pet food market in 2016 was worth more than USD 70 billion. Research Methodology In our market size and forecast determination efforts, an extensive secondary research was initially completed to gain a good perspective of the market in each region. Extensive primary research was also carried out by interviewing the key executives from the industry. These interviews helped us to fill-in the data gaps after secondary research. Several secondary sources such as encyclopedia, directories, and databases have been used to identify and collect information useful for this extensive techno-commercial study. The respondents – selected experts from manufacturers and selected suppliers – have been interviewed to obtain and verify critical information as well as to assess the future prospects. The usage of obtained information is based on the perceived reliability by the research team. In many cases, a combination of several sources was used. Sprout Intelligence provides an in-depth analysis of the market segmentation, which is a critical element of the market intelligence reports at Sprout Intelligence. KEY AUDIENCE Executives in marketing, strategic planning and new product development will find such discussions in our reports pertinent and useful. Management consultants, investment bankers, manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, and regulatory authorities are amongst our regular clientele served. Purchase Copy @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/246954 . DATA SOURCES The general data sources used in this report are company websites, trade association publications, regulatory authorities, journals, magazines, news websites, press releases, media publications, interaction with industry experts, company executives, research papers, articles, patents, scientific literature, among many others. Some Points from List of Table: Table 1 Global Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 2 Global Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 3 Global Pet Food Market, By Region, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 4 North America Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 5 North America Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 6 North America Pet Food Market, By Country, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 7 USA Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 8 USA Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 9 Canada Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 10 Canada Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 11 Mexico Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 12 Mexico Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 13 Rest of NA Pet Food Market, By Type, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Table 14 Rest of NA Pet Food Market, By Form, 2012-2021 (USD Million) Continued…….   About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients.   Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsglobal pet food industry 2012, global pet food industry 2021 forecast, global pet food market, Google News, market research reports, Orbis Research, Pet Food Market, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Urgent Announcement Next PostNext Worldwide Data Center Precision Air Conditioner Market Key Vendors, Trends, Challenges, Drivers and Forecast Till 2021 – Big market Research Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS US Navy showcasing repairs to historic warship 'Old Ironsides' India may have underestimated Beijing's resolve: Chinese media India, Pakistan exchange fire in Jammu Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnology Defence Analysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 10:59 AM | 05 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,889-21.12 NIFTY 50 9,2380.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,840-22.00 USD/INR 65.060.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex drops nearly 50 points after hitting 30K level; Cyient up 7% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW ABB buys Austrian group to boost industrial automation By Reuters | Updated: Apr 04, 2017, 11.59 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Volkswagen | technology | Rockwell Automation | productivity | earnings | Business | BMW ABB declined to reveal what it was paying for B+R, but a person familiar with the matter said it was close to $2 billion. Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! ZURICH : ABB has bought Austrian group Bernecker + Rainer Industrie-Elektronik, the Swiss engineering company said on Tuesday, helping it to challenge German rival Siemens in the industrial automation sector. The biggest deal under Chief Executive Ulrich Spiesshofer's four-year leadership is part of ABB's strategy of expanding its product line-up beyond processing raw materials, where price swings have dented demand from oil and gas companies. ABB declined to reveal what it was paying for B+R, but a person familiar with the matter said it was close to $2 billion. B+R, which was founded by two friends in the basement of an Austrian bank in 1979, makes programmable controls for machines used by companies like Nestle, Procter & Gamble, and Roche. The privately held company also makes components for machines used by automotive makers BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen. Its products include industrial PCs and factory automation devices which are designed to increase productivity. The deal increases ABB's sales in the industrial automation segment to around $15 billion and consolidates its position as number two in the $130 billion global industrial automation sector behind Siemens. "B+R is a gem in the world of machine and factory automation," Spiesshofer said in a statement. "It will make us the only industrial automation provider offering customers the entire spectrum of technology and software solutions around measurement, control, actuation, robotics, digitalisation and electrification." The purchase will add to ABB's industrial automation division, which has struggled in recent quarters. Sales for the division, which also competes with Emerson , Rockwell Automation, and Schneider, fell 9 percent in 2016, while new orders dropped 20 percent, largely due to falling demand from oil and gas customers. The B+R deal, ABB's biggest acquisition since it bought U.S. low-voltage products maker Thomas & Betts for $3.9 billion in 2012, is a departure from Spiesshofer's previous strategy which has focused on trimming costs and shedding fringe businesses. Zurich-based ABB said it was aiming to increase B+R's annual sales from more than $600 million at present to more than $1 billion, and said the business would add to ABB's operating earnings per share from the first year. The purchase is being funded from ABB's own cash and is expected to be completed by mid-year. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB 28 Celebrity Car Collections Worth Millions History Garage You Won't Find Underwear Like This Anywhere Else... The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Celebrity Twins: 20 Stars You Didn’t Know Were Twins! Trend ChaserMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter Why We’re Obsessed With These New Sheets GQ | Parachute How IoT is decreasing field service costs Microsoft How is HIV treated? (Video) HealthiNation Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Disappointed BCCI uploaded Jadeja-Wade chat: Steve Smith READ MORE ON » Volkswagen | technology | Rockwell Automation | productivity | earnings | Business | BMW To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Yogi Adityanath-led UP govt waives off farm loans worth Rs 36,359 cr Nitin Gadkari announces Rs 40,000 crore expressway project in northeast No clarity on China, but India makes friends in NSG Ram Jethmalani says he is ready to defend Arvind Kejriwal for 'free' Yogi Adityanath dumps Samajwadi Awas scheme, to make metro in Gorakhpur More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Surfactants Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Surfactants market accounted for $31.12 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $47.53 billion by 2022 growing at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 6.2% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand for surfactants in personal care applications, new investments and upcoming projects in emerging economies are the factors propelling the market growth. On the other hand, expensive raw material costs, stringent government regulations are the restraints inhibiting the market growth. The amphoteric surfactants segment has a share around 7% of the global market in 2015 and is projected to have highest growth rate during the forecast period. Synthetic surfactants of substrate types hold the major share in the surfactants market, as of 2015. However, due to strict regulations, bio-based surfactants are expected to grow at a highest CAGR in the future. Asia Pacific is also expected to grow at the highest growth rate owing to the growth in segments such as personal care, oilfield chemical, pharmaceuticals, etc. The second largest consumer of surfactants is North America followed by Europe. Some of the key players in global surfactants market include Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Akzonobel N.V., BASF SE, Clariant AG, Dupont EI DE Nemours & Co., Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, Huntsman Corporation, KAO Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company, Stepan Company, Croda International PLC, Solvay, RHODIA S.A., P&G Chemicals, and Lion Corporation. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/surfactants-market-2016 Products Covered: • Amphoteric Surfactants • Cationic Surfactants • Non-Anionic Surfactants o Amine Oxides o Alcohol Ethoxylates (AE) o Alkyl Phenol Ethoxylates • Anionic Surfactants o Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) o Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) o Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) o Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) o Sulfosuccinates o FAI Ether Sulfates • Other Products o Fluorosurfactants o Silicone Applications Covered: • Crop Protection • Elastomers and plastics Industry • Food Industry • Oilfield Chemicals • Personal Care Industry • Pharmaceutical Industry • Soap/detergent Industry • Textile Industry • Home Care • Paints & Coatings • Construction • Other Applications Substrate Types Covered: • Bio-based surfactants o Bio Surfactants o Chemically Synthesized Bio-Based Surfactants • Synthetic Surfactants Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/surfactants-market-2016 CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anti-Static Foam Pouch Market Value Share, Analysis and Segments 2017-2027 Search Recent Posts Surfactants Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Anti-Static Foam Pouch Market Value Share, Analysis and Segments 2017-2027 United States CMOS Image Transducers Market Comprehensive Analysis of the Market Trends, Drivers, Key vendors and challenges to 2022 United States CMOS Image Transducers Market Comprehensive Analysis of the Market Trends, Drivers, Key vendors and challenges to 2022 LCD Digital Microscope Market Value Share, Supply Demand, share and Value Chain 2017-2027 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
DailyTimes | US business seeks action, not trade war, in Xi-Trump summit Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives US business seeks action, not trade war, in Xi-Trump summit By:   agencies 05-Apr-17 133 Top News Corps Commander Lt Gen Sadiq Ali visits Bedian blast victims 05-Apr-17 11 LAHORE: Corps Commander Lieute ... Justice served or justice denied? 05-Apr-17 459 Among the decisions by the Supreme Court of Pak ... BEIJING/WASHINGTON: Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China's leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be "very difficult" and "American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives." Trump has said he wants US companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within US industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the US market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world's second-biggest economy. But they also worry Trump's policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a 'grand bargain' involving other issues such as North Korea. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisors, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the US State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled. "With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it," said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group's Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China. Some of the largest US companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. US steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. US automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China's is 25 percent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China's new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to "stop rigging markets". It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements. In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing's most sensitive issues - the status of Taiwan - after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington's long-held "one China" policy. Trump signed two executive orders on trade on Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the US trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were "going to get down to some serious business" and vowed that "the theft of American prosperity" by foreign countries would end. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday the US-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries' economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services. China tops the list of countries who have trade surpluses with the United States, with a $347 billion surplus last year. Some in the US business community worry about tit-for-tat retaliation in trade disputes with China.Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the US-China Business Council, said the two presidents need to take "positive actions that would lead to a more durable relationship, not retaliatory actions that would lead to a trade war". The list of commercial issues between the two countries was so long, it would be impossible to make a major dent in them with one meeting, he said.  Sunday Magazine sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Investor Information Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2017 DailyTimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Wednesday, Apr 05, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Economy Businesses seek action, not trade war, in summit REUTERS Published on April 5, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print This combination of file photos shows Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and U.S. President Donald Trump. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge WASHINGTON — Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China’s leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Mr. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida on Thursday and Friday will be “very difficult” and “American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.” The President has said he wants U.S. companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home.  He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within U.S. industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the U.S. market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world’s second-biggest economy. But they also worry Mr. Trump’s policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a “grand bargain” involving other issues such as North Korea. Mr. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisers, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. Some of the largest U.S. companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China; automakers such as General Motors and Ford; heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar; retailers like Starbucks; and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. U.S. steel producers want Mr. Trump to press Mr. Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. And U.S. automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China’s is 25 percent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China’s new cyber-security law sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM, Google, and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump Administration to pressure China to “stop rigging markets.” It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Related Items trade , china , China government , Xi Jinping , United States government , Donald Trump Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Breaking News Window closing for Republican stealth assault on U.S. regulations Warplanes mount fresh airstrikes in Idlib area: Syrian Observatory Blast in Pakistani city of Lahore kills at least six Fed's Lacker leaves central bank over leak of market-sensitive news Trump declares end to 'war on coal,' but utilities aren't listening U.S. court rules 1964 civil rights law protects LGBT workers from bias BMW, Allstate pull ads from 'O'Reilly Factor' after harassment report House Democrats expect to see intelligence documents soon More talks but no decisions on Republican push to overhaul healthcare Apple aims for more control, less cost as it accelerates in chip design Wed 5 Apr 2017 - 7 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Vacancies Archive 2016 2015 Home → Analysis → US business seeks action, not trade war US business seeks action, not trade war Tuesday 04th, April 2017 / 22:20 Written by Oman Observer in Analysis Critics within US industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the US market with cheap products from steel to solar panels.   Michael Martina AND Diane Bartz Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China’s leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be “very difficult” and “American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.” Trump has said he wants US companies to stop investing in China and instead generate jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within US industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the US market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world’s second-biggest economy. But they also worry Trump’s policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a ‘grand bargain’ involving other issues such as North Korea. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisers, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the US State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled. “With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it,” said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group’s Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China. Some of the largest US companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. US steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. US automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 per cent tariff on auto imports, China’s is 25 per cent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China’s new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to “stop rigging markets”. It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements. In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing’s most sensitive issues — the status of Taiwan — after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington’s long-held “one China” policy. Trump signed two executive orders on trade last Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the US trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were “going to get down to some serious business” and vowed that “the theft of American prosperity” by foreign countries would end. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said last Friday the US-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries’ economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Seeking to swing voters Next Post → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Gas attack on Syria’s rebel-held area kills scores UN expands civilian camps as air strikes on Mosul resume EU ambassador denounces Israel’s West Bank demolitions policy UK seeks to boost Saudi trade ties Read More ... Facebook Twitter 2 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: @OOCEP has uncovered oil and gas discoveries totalling over 430m barrels of oil equivalent (boe) in 2016. /t.co/GbG6jO… 2 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: #InnovationParkMuscat (IPM) has signed an agreement with Zubair Small Enterprises Centre to support small businesses /… 3 hours agoEpaper of #Oman's only #English 24x7 daily at /t.co/IxcIYx4tnB /t.co/bHQpnguJN5 Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Electric Shavers Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/04/2017 — Zion Market Research, the market research group announced the analysis report titled „Electric Shavers Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024„ Global Electric Shavers Market: Overview The electric shavers are a common electric device that is used for shaving hair. The unwanted hair from the body is shaved off with an oscillating blade that is behind the metal guard. It is most efficient and convenient method of shaving. There are two types of electric shavers one is rotary shavers and the other one is foil shavers. The electrical shavers are used by both men and women. Men use the electrical shavers to remove their chest hair, leg hair, underarm hair, abdominal hair, etc. Women use them to remove their leg hair and the underarm hair. Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/electric-shavers-market Global Electric Shavers Market: Segmentation The electric shavers market is globally segmented into its product, end user, distribution channel, and regions. On the basis of product, the global market is segregated into foil shaver, wet/dry shaver, clippers, a rotary shaver, and accessories. The broad categorization of the end users of the electric shavers is male and female. Based on the distribution channel, the market is divided into general merchandising/mass stores, health & beauty stores, supermarkets & hypermarkets, and others. Region-wise, the global electric shavers market is diversified into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. Global Electric Shavers Market: Growth Factors In the electric shavers market the clippers product segment dominated the global market in terms of revenue and volume. This is going to continue in the coming years too. Basically, the clippers are used for the trimming of the facial hair. They are the suitable alternatives for the scissors. Thus, they are majorly used in the salons and parlors; hence, increasing its demand in the global market. Electric shavers have a huge demand owing to the increasing inclination of the consumers for automation. The other factor that is driving the demand of the electric shavers market is the increasing promotion of the product with the help of marketing technologies and advertisements. The increasing populations that use this product are also a key factor that is affecting the market positively. Request Report TOC (Table of Contents) @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/toc/electric-shavers-market Global Electric Shavers Market: Regional Analysis The region that dominates the electric shavers market is Europe. It dominated the global market both in revenue and volume. The factor that attributed to this growth is the increasing adoption of the electronic shavers by the consumers (both the genders) in the countries such as UK, Italy, Germany, and France. The rise in the purchasing power of the people has played a major role in the market growth. Asia Pacific region is the other region that contributes a good share in the global electronic shavers market. The rapid urbanization and the increasing purchasing power of the people have complemented the growth of the electronic shavers market. Global Electric Shavers Market: Competitive Players The major market players in the electric shavers market include Conair Corporation, Helen of Troy Limited, Philips Electronics N.V., The Procter & Gamble Company, Braun GmbH., Remington Products Company, Eltron Company, Izumi Products Company, BaByliss, Koninklijke, Panasonic Corporation, The Gillette Company, Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., Wahl Clipper Corporation, and Wahl Clipper Corporation. Browse detail report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/electric-shavers-market Global Electric Shavers Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil The Middle East and Africa What Reports Provides Full in-depth analysis of the parent market Important changes in market dynamics Segmentation details of the market Former, on-going, and projected market analysis in terms of volume and value Assessment of niche industry developments Market share analysis Key strategies of major players Emerging segments and regional markets Testimonials to companies in order to fortify their foothold in the market. Ask for a customized report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/custom/1401 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Medical Gauze Market 2017 – Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Next PostNext Global Meat Processing Equipment Market 2017 – Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2017-2022) Search Recent Posts ELO50 Hosts: Purpose, Passion And Perseverance – Aging Actively At 50+ TRAFFIC ALERT One Lane CLOSED for Bridge Deck Repair on Route 171 Over Center Creek on April 6 Floodtide Has Redefined Watersports With Its New Product Line of Dry Bags Brookfield Residential Debuts New Distinctive Home Designs by KTGY Architecture + Planning at Kissing Tree, a Unique 55+ Community in San Marcos, Texas New Streetwear Store Ace Vestiti Brings Affordable High Fashion to the Streets Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Pret-a-Reporter Fashion Week New York Fashion Week London Fashion Week Milan Fashion Week Paris Fashion Week Reviews Beauty Red Carpet Retail Report Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr The Hollywood Reporter Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Pret-a-Reporter Fashion Week New York Fashion Week London Fashion Week Milan Fashion Week Paris Fashion Week Reviews Beauty Red Carpet Retail Report Sheryl Sandberg Launches Equal Pay Day Initiative #20PercentCounts 12:00 PM PDT 4/4/2017 by Stephanie Chan FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Kimberly White/Getty Images Sheryl Sandberg Equal Pay Day, which falls on April 4 this year, highlights wage discrimination against women. Today is Equal Pay Day. For those unfamiliar with Equal Pay Day, it's an initiative that's dedicated to raising awareness about the gender pay gap. It was started 21 years ago by the National Committee on Pay Equity, and this year, it falls on April 4 to symbolize how far into this calendar year women have to work to earn the same amount as men did the previous year. Women of color have to work even later into the year to reach equal pay; black women have to work until July 31 and Hispanic women until Nov. 2. To highlight the day, Facebook chief operating officer and Lean In author Sheryl Sandberg has launched a campaign with Lean In called #20PercentCounts to represent the 20 percent less that women make in comparison to men. (Females made about 80 cents for every dollar earned by men in 2015.) Hundreds of local businesses across the country are offering 20 percent discounts to women and men as part of the campaign, including such Los Angeles-area establishments as Found Coffee in Eagle Rock, FrankieLucy Bakeshop in Silver Lake and LoveCakes in Atwater Village. (Check out participating businesses in various cities here.)   A post shared by Lean In (@leaninorg) on Apr 3, 2017 at 5:19am PDT On a national level, Luna is offering a 20 percent discount on all Luna Bars through its online store using the "EQUALPAY" promo code through April 11. Luna, which partnered with Gina Rodriguez to promote the campaign, will match the discount amount with a donation of up to $100,000 to fund salary negotiation workshops hosted by non-profit organization American Association of University Women. Lyft is donating 20 percent of your ride fee on Tuesday to charities that support women and families, and Proctor & Gamble is offering a 20 percent rebate on its products, which can be found on leanin.org. Last week, Minka Kelly joined socially minded company FashionABLE, co-founded by Rachel and Barrett Ward to help create jobs for women in Ethiopia who were previously part of the sex industry, to host a dinner in honor of Equal Pay Day. The retailer launched a limited-edition red pebbled leather pouch ($68) and 100 percent pima cotton shirts ($36), both inscribed with the word "femini$t" and the "s" replaced with a "$" to further emphasize the initiative. L.A.-based shoe designer Tamara Mellon is taking part in the day by offering a 20 percent discount on Tuesday only. "Yes, I said I wouldn’t discount, and yes, the direct-to-consumer pricing of my shoes doesn’t allow for it. But I'm breaking my own rules because I want to draw attention to something I believe in: equality and empowerment for women," wrote Mellon, who relaunched her business last year after filing for bankruptcy. Lean In also partnered with Funny or Die and Hulu for a campaign video that details what it's like to be women with 20 percent less of everything, from cellphone battery power to a cup of black coffee. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Stephanie Chan THRnews@thr.com stephmchan Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Backstage Casting
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Social Impact The Producer Pays Apr 04, 2017 Partner Collaborations North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote In recent years, the concept of extended producer responsibility (EPR) has caught on, first in Europe in the 1990s and since then in the rest of the world, including the U.S. The concept is relatively simple: Companies that make consumer goods are given responsibility for managing their products and packaging at their end of life. The concept, as the Journal of Cleaner Production points out, is to turn what was formerly waste “into the ‘food’ for industry and the next generation of products.” According to the Maine-based Upstream policy group, EPR is ushering in a new generation of products that have the cost of redesign, reuse, recycling, composting, and disposal (including packaging) included in the retail price. “The proper environmental management of the product and its package for their highest and best use becomes part of the costs of doing business, like R&D, marketing, and logistics,” Upstream said. Beginning in Germany with a Focus on Packaging  Germany enacted the first countrywide law to put the “producer pays” concept into practice in 1991, focusing on packaging. Its goal was the reduction of landfill volume, and a shifting of responsibilities for packaging recovery. Manufacturers under the nonprofit Duales System Deutschland GmbH (Dual System of Germany), a nonprofit organization, were required to set up a system for collecting, sorting, and recycling packaging after consumers were done with it. The law created a significant incentive for companies to make it easier to recycle their products, and offer them with far less packaging. That goal was soon evident on store shelves. For instance, toothpaste that was sold in a paper box now stood upright on its flat cap. The so-called Green Dot (Der Grüne Punkt) law was influential, and in 1994 it went regional with the European Union Packaging Directive. Soon, 22 European Union member states were putting a green dot on product packaging, and more than 170,000 licensees were using the Green Dot trademark. Around the world, more than 460 billion packages are Green Dot-labeled every year, and there are coordinating operations in the U.K. and Canada. The concept — moving well beyond packaging to include electronics, batteries, cars and other end-of-life goods — spread into Asia as well, to Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and China. Japan, for instance, legislated the Basic Law for a Recycling-Based Society beginning in 1998, and both the Home Appliance Recycling Law and the wide-ranging Law for Promotion of Effective Utilization of Resources in 2001. Forays into the U.S.  The next frontier was the U.S., where EPR has proved a harder sell. According to Reid J. Lifset, associate director of the industrial environmental management program at Yale and editor of the Journal of Industrial Ecology, an EPR bill was introduced by Senator Max Baucus (D-MT), then chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Environmental Protection Subcommittee, in 1992, but it faced stiff industry opposition and was never enacted. There is still no national EPR law, and no immediate prospects for one. There are also no state EPR laws yet on packaging (despite the prominence of those mandates in Europe and Asia), although Jamie Rhodes, Upstream’s program director, said he would be “surprised” if a state did not pass a packaging law within the next five years. Several states have shown interest already. In September 2016, CalRecycle Deputy Director Howard Levenson sent a memo to the agency’s director, Scott Smithline, recommending establishment of “a mandatory comprehensive, statewide packaging program.” The motivation: packaging amounts to eight million tons to landfills annually, approximately 25% of the state’s total waste stream. EPR packaging bills have also been proposed in Rhode Island, and Connecticut’s environmental agency is studying packaging EPR. While EPR laws on packaging in the U.S. have yet to take hold at the state level, there are already more than 95 state and municipal EPR laws in 12 different product categories, from electronics (25 laws) to thermostats (13 laws) and paint (nine laws), according to Scott Cassel, CEO of the Product Stewardship Institute (PSI). Other categories include auto switches, carpet, cell phones, fluorescent lighting, pesticide containers and pharmaceuticals. In the absence of federal legislation, PSI has developed many state legislative models that have gained some traction around the U.S. The leading states, with up to eight laws, are California, Vermont, and Maine. Connecticut, another leader, has EPR programs for electronics, paint, mattresses, and mercury thermostats, and is studying packaging. The state’s 2016 Comprehensive Materials Management Strategy states that “EPR does not simply shift costs from the public sector to the private sector; it seems to minimize costs through economies of scale, product design and other market forces.” According to Lee Sawyer, a policy advisor to Connecticut’s environmental agency, EPR for packaging “is certainly on the table. We’re taking time to study programs elsewhere in the world, and have discussions with stakeholders. We have EPR for other products, and packaging is the next big item to tackle.” Sawyer noted that EPR laws are more successful if undertaken regionally in tandem with other states, which is possible if Rhode Island also passes an EPR packaging bill. Municipal governments, too, are showing interest in EPR legislation. “Some municipal governments are fine with it,” Yale’s Lifset said, “because in cases like electronic e-waste and household hazardous waste collection and processing, it tends to be costly and difficult to manage. Local governments are finding it difficult to recycle at high levels, and EPR is a way to make that feasible. The collecting and sorting is then done outside the municipal realm.” These activities suggest that EPR is likely to advance, perhaps quickly, on the state and municipal level, but the prospects for it nationally are not good. Gary Survis, a lecturer at the Wharton School and a senior fellow of IGEL, points out that the last meaningful environmental legislation was passed by Congress in the 1990s, and the current climate would make it very difficult for a national EPR law. “There has been a generational shift in what the government’s role is, and what industry’s role is,” Survis said. “In part because of the overarching political gridlock, there’s been pressure put on business to pick up the slack and lead. It’s a very different role than we’ve seen previously, when Congress was passing heavy regulation. The coalition necessary to pass that kind of environmental legislation isn’t there now.” With little prospect of “a consistent national system,” says Cassel, U.S. companies are likely to face a “patchwork” of state and local laws. Mark Weick, lead director of sustainability at Dow, points out that such a patchwork of state EPR laws is less desirable than “smart federal legislation,” because the local legislation is likely to vary considerably, creating a compliance burden for producers. That same concern about meeting the requirements of many different laws is what led auto manufacturers to the table with the Obama Administration to agree on a national vehicle fleet average of 54.5 mpg by 2025. When industry works with the states on a template, the “patchwork” problem is dramatically lessened. Arguably, nine states having separate EPR laws for paint would create the problem industry is trying to avoid. While there are minor differences, the laws are all based on the model that was jointly developed by industry and stakeholders. And Upstream’s Jamie Rhodes said that few operational problems have arisen. “The differences aren’t that large,” he said. In the case of electronics EPR, however, the stakeholders failed to reach consensus, so the 25 state laws are indeed quite different and became a compliance problem for manufacturers. That example offers a cautionary tale about the importance of working together to draft model legislation. EPR Grapples with Business Realities   “EPR has had an enormous effect in Europe, creating a case for collecting and recycling a variety of products,” said Helga Vanthournout, a senior expert with McKinsey & Co.’s Center for Business and the Environment. “The challenge is that many EPR laws were put in with the status-quo technology of those days in mind. And because of technological progression and a slump in commodity markets, there is actually no commercial case for taking products back. The law simply said if you didn’t do it voluntarily, you’d be forced to comply. With electronics, there’s more of a case to be made for taking back products.” Even in electronics, changes in technology have caused problems. With the rise of flat screens, noted Patrick Cairo, recently retired senior vice president for corporate development at Suez North America, there’s “no commercial opportunity for CRTs.” That’s one big reason Best Buy announced in early 2016 that it would now charge $25 to take back the computer monitors it had been recycling for free. “Our goal has always been to simply break even on our recycling program, and we’re not there today,” Best Buy spokeswoman Laura Bishop said. But Cassel points out that EPR works very well when, coordinating with industry, it focuses on specific products that have ready markets. In 2004, he said, PSI worked closely with office supplies giant Staples on the first U.S. computer takeback program, and since then, 162 million pounds of electronics have been recycled. “It was a pilot program, but it’s now permanent and still in place today,” he said. EPR and PSI scored a considerable multi-stakeholder victory in a collaboration with the paint industry, beginning with talks in 2002 that led to two memoranda of understanding in 2005 and 2007. “We came to agreement on the problems created by leftover paint, as well as joint solutions needed to increase paint reuse and recycling, and create a sustainable financing system,” Cassel said. At the conference, he added, “Now the paint industry is taking responsibility for managing 65 million gallons of unused paint every year.” There are nine laws in place that follow the PSI model, resulting in the collection of more than 16 million gallons (over two thirds of which is recycled into new paint), generating savings of more than $69 million and creating at least 200 new jobs. A new frontier is carpet recycling. According to Cassel at the conference, PSI has a strategic approach to ensuring a high recycling rate for a product that now mostly ends up in landfills (3.9 million tons annually in the U.S., with only 7.5% recycled). “We get all the key stakeholders to recognize the problem and define it together,” he said. “Then we move on to developing joint goals, and to identifying barriers to achieving gains, which could be regulatory, or it could be a lack of education or infrastructure.” California passed the first mandatory EPR law for carpet in 2010. Alternatives to Mandatory EPR  There’s still some doubt about the benefits of EPR. Bob Lilienfeld is director of communications at the American Institute for Packaging and the Environment (AMERIPEN), whose members include Dow, Procter & Gamble, General Mills and Tetra Pak. “AMERIPEN is not against EPR,” he said. “We’re in favor of efficient recovery. If it can be shown scientifically that EPR does a better job than the alternatives, then it would be seriously on the table.” He identified the alternatives that can increase packaging recovery as landfill bans, pay-as-you-throw laws, and recycling mandates. Cassel counters that Canadian and European EPR packaging laws usually include the three regulatory programs that Lilienfeld cited. “No one except the U.S. brand owners are looking at these approaches as separate from EPR,” he said. “And there is no evidence I have seen that says these three programs alone are better than EPR.” Nestlé Waters North America has been one of the few companies supporting EPR for packaging since 2011. “This model can better meet the needs of the American marketplace by increasing recycling rates, reducing government spending, and using private-sector efficiencies to reduce the overall cost of recycling,” the company said. In fact, the company set a goal of joining with other companies in an effort to double the U.S. recycling rate for PET beverage containers to 60% or better through EPR programs. In the absence of legislation, however, Nestlé Waters is acting on its own. In a recent interview with Packaging World magazine, for instance, the chief sustainability officer for Nestlé Waters, Nelson Switzer, noted, “We have increased greatly the percentage of recycled PET in our bottles. This has created a demand for PET, helping encourage suppliers to produce the material. This has had a knock-on effect where the demand for post-consumer PET has increased, and recycling programs were encouraged to ensure the supply of high-quality PET meets Nestlé’s standards for bottling water.” Voluntary efforts have also been tried in the carpeting industry, but they have had limited results. A coalition of carpet and fiber companies, the U.S. EPA, recyclers, and state and local regulators signed a memorandum of understanding in 2002, calling for a 20% to 25% recycling rate by 2012. But the rate reached only 4% of post-consumer carpet as late as 2014. Upstream executive director Matt Prindiville is supportive of these efforts, but he describes them as “a drop in the bucket to what’s really needed to boost recycling in the U.S.” And Rhodes said that voluntary programs “aren’t enough,” because they are reliant on public infrastructure, rather than producer responsibility. “There wouldn’t be a need for these recycling systems were it not for the products that companies make, and the packaging they chose to use with it,” Rhodes said. Nonetheless, companies, acting on their own and in coalitions, have made impressive gains in handling their waste. According to its 2015 sustainability report, the Dow Chemical Company set the goal of reusing 300 million pounds of byproducts between 2005 and 2015, and actually achieved 364 million pounds (the equivalent of 8,200 truckloads). “Knowing where our materials go is something we talk about all the time, and emphasize in discussions,” said Rich Helling, a lifecycle analysis manager at Dow. “‘Byproduct synergy’ is a concept we’ve worked on for 10 years or more. We take waste and low-value byproducts and find local partners that can use them.” Whether at the national or local level, mandatory or voluntary, “EPR is definitely gaining steam in the U.S. every year,” said Cassel. “When PSI launched in 2000, people didn’t know about product stewardship or EPR, but now everybody talks about it. And producers understand the need for taking greater responsibility, because they’re hearing about it from their customers.” According to Robert Giegengack, professor of earth and environmental science at the University of Pennsylvania (where his students included Scott Cassel): “A human society that imagines itself as moving toward a sustainable configuration will have to recycle products that today we consider waste, and to keep those products from contaminating other resources on which we depend. … If recycling strategies can be built into the industries that today use our key resources, that’s a clear example of a pathway to a future that is less unsustainable than the pathway we are on.”  ∞ Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "The Producer Pays." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 04 April, 2017. Web. 05 April, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/the-producer-pays/> APA The Producer Pays. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, April 04). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/the-producer-pays/ Chicago "The Producer Pays" Knowledge@Wharton, April 04, 2017, accessed April 05, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/the-producer-pays/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Social Impact Designing for the Circular Economy Innovative companies are exploring strategies that address end-of-life issues upfront. Social Impact Turning Waste Streams into Value Streams Remanufacturing, cascading materials through several lifecycles and rethinking the idea of ownership are more effective than recycling waste. Sponsored Content The CFO Imperative: Leveraging the Cloud for Business Innovation and Growth Cloud technology offers Internet-based IT resources to firms without the need for major, upfront capital outlays. By tapping services on a pay-as-you-go basis, businesses can stay flexible and efficient.   Join The Discussion No Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 380.03 0.20%   Nikkei ▲ 18861.27 0.27%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 4/32 yield 2.350%   Crude Oil ▲ 51.38 0.69%   Euro ▲ 1.0681 0.07%   DJIA ▲ 20689.24 0.19%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Staples Explores Sale After Failed Office Depot Deal Judge Puts Hold on Ordinance Allowing Uber, Lyft Union Vote BMW, Glaxo and Allstate Join Advertisers Withdrawing From O’Reilly’s Show Boeing Agrees to First Plane Sale to Iran Under Trump McDonald’s U.S. Marketing Chief to Leave Tesla Shares Surpass $300 Amazon, FTC End Legal Battle, Clearing the Way for up to $70 Million in Refunds Shoe Retailer Payless Files for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Qualcomm Seeks Dismissal of FTC Suit Sprint to End 50% Discount Plan NFL and Amazon Reach One-Year Streaming Deal For About $50 Million Gillette, Bleeding Market Share, Cuts Prices of Razors Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Gillette, Bleeding Market Share, Cuts Prices of Razors Top brand also plans to add focus on its cheaper products as pressure mounts from online start-ups Gillette is changing course in hopes of stopping customers from migrating to shaving product start-ups like Dollar Shave Club and Harry's, and it has Wall Street scratching its head. WSJ's Andrew LaVallee explains on Lunch Break with Tanya Rivero. Photo: By Sharon Terlep Sharon Terlep The Wall Street Journal BiographySharon Terlep @sharonterlep April 4, 2017 7:00 a.m. ET Gillette, which dominates the global razor business, has long followed a simple and lucrative strategy: Add new features and raise prices. But the 115-year-old brand is changing tactics this month by slashing prices and putting a new focus on its cheaper products. The Procter & Gamble Co. unit hopes to stop defections of its U.S. customers to online startups like Dollar Shave Club and Harry’s that sell lower-priced razors and blades. Gillette’s plan to cut prices by as much as 20% jolted Wall Street. “An act of... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos Gillette Slashing Razor, Blade Prices By as Much as 20% 'Shots Fired' Star Sanaa Lathan on 'Love and Basketball' When Bike Sharing Goes Wrong Why It Matters That Gorsuch Confirmation Has Become a Partisan Brawl Uber's Hard Times Explained Most Popular Articles U.S. Considers Far-Reaching Steps for ‘Extreme Vetting’ Opinion: Susan Rice Unmasked Sessions Presses Shift at Justice Department Trump Administration Reopens H-1B Program, With a Twist U.S. Trade Gap Shrinks as Exports Rise Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Gillette Slashing Razor, Blade Prices By as Much as 20% 'Shots Fired' Star Sanaa Lathan on 'Love and Basketball' When Bike Sharing Goes Wrong Why It Matters That Gorsuch Confirmation Has Become a Partisan Brawl Uber's Hard Times Explained Most Popular Articles U.S. Considers Far-Reaching Steps for ‘Extreme Vetting’ Opinion: Susan Rice Unmasked Sessions Presses Shift at Justice Department Trump Administration Reopens H-1B Program, With a Twist U.S. Trade Gap Shrinks as Exports Rise Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Sponge and Scouring Pads Market 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Sponge and Scouring Pads Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 04, 2017 ) Sponges are a soft and porous material made from foamed plastic polymers, which are used for delicate cleansing. Scouring pads are small pads made of plastic mesh or metal, which can be used to scour harsh surfaces. The scrubbers are cleaning tools that can be used to clean large areas. The sponges and scouring pads are cleaning tools used for cleansing various equipment such as ovens, crockeries, and glassware. Publisher's analysts forecast the global sponge and scouring pads market to grow at a CAGR of 2.32% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-sponge-and-scouring-pads-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global sponge and scouring pads market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sale of sponges, scouring pads, and scrubbers, which are not only used for household purposes but also for heavy-duty purposes in the commercial units such as hotels and restaurants. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Sponge and Scouring Pads Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -3M -Armaly Brands -Proctor and Gamble -The Clorox Company Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001522789/sample . Other prominent vendors -Arix -Corazzi -Fuller Brush -Hezeng Industrial Group -Libman -PKJ Group Houseware -Quickie -Smartpack Houseware Products -Trimaco -Zhangjiagang Fengyuan Market driver -Demand for non-scratch scrubbing fibers -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Bacterial contamination -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Use of eco-friendly fibers -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001522789/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Skin Toner Market Rises Higher by 2020 Skin Toner Market Normal healthy skin preserves a little acidic pH. Restoring the skin to its standard pH reduces stress and raises its ability to receive nourishment from moisturizers and skin healing products. In the pH stability skin toners, the bi-phase technology (bi-phase technology is combination of two dissimilar states of material collectively, such as a liquid and a powder) suspends oil gripping mineral powders to give an instant lusterless finish. pH balancing skin toners are alcohol free and uses ingredients such as witch hazel and strawberry extract to tone and refine the skin. The other uses of pH labeler skin toner include post shaving treatment, sun burn treatment and treatment in case of bug-bytes. Other benefit associated with some of the other skin toners having vitamins and antioxidants include refreshment of skin and removal of flakes of dead skin. Constituent in a skin toner such as aloe and witch hazel also squeeze the skin to improve overall look. Request to view Table of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3041 Some of the Major ingredient in skin toner includes water, butylene glycol, sophora angustifolia root extract, alcohol denat, betaine, hydrogenated castor oil, caprylyl glycol, mentha piperita (Peppermint) Leaf Extract, symphytum officinale leaf extract, sodium oleth-8 Phosphate, Poncirus trifoliata fruit extract, triethanolamine, polysorbate 80, disodium EDTA and fragrance. Asia Pacific is largest skin toner market followed by North America and Europe. BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, and China) is the fasted growing region for skin toner with double digit growth expected to increase further in the coming years. The vast population of young consumer in countries such as India and China is expected to increase the Asia Pacific market share. According to United Nation, China and India together accounts for 37% of global population out of which 704 million people of India and 497 million population of china are below the age of 35. With such high concentration of young population and their rising income overall facial care market is grooming in these countries. The major drivers for the skin toner market includes growing aspiration to look young and beautiful, rising income levels in the developing countries and evolution of alcohol free skin toners. Major challenge for skin toner industry is the potential side effect of the chemical ingredients used in skin toners. Sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3041 The brand loyalty among consumers is very high in this industry and this is helping big players to retain majority of market share with help of their establish brands identity. Over the past few years, with evolution of herbal skin toner some herbal product based companies such as Himalaya Drug Co. have entered the market. Major companies operating in skin toner market include L’Oreal S.A., Kose Corporation, Kao Corporation, Johnson & Johnson Ltd., Shiseido Co. Ltd., The Procter & Gamble Company, The Unilever Plc., Lotus Herbals Ltd., Burt’s & Bees, LUMENE, Sea Breeze, Himalaya Drug Co., Herbaline, Zymo Cosmetics, Debon Herbal private Limited, and Ban Labs Limited. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated research, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Consumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs. PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s engagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com media@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pumping Up the Automotive HVAC Market by 2020 Next PostNext United Announce Multi-Year Deal With Ticketmaster As Official Ticketing Partner Search Recent Posts Global TV Market 2017-2021 AAG Energy Announces 2016 Annual Results Innovation Emerges From Earthquake Challenges Zespri reports interest in bidding round for Gold3 licenses Reporter Memo: Arctic National Wildlife Refuge Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Live Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News Jesse Jones KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 502645372 NCAA 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Secure Medicine Return Summer Internship Program Housing Sports Profiles More Equal Pay Day: Businesses offer discounts to raise awareness about gender wage gap by: Fox25Boston.com Updated: Apr 4, 2017 - 5:27 AM TOKYO, JAPAN - JULY 02: American business executive Sheryl Sandberg attends the 'Lean In' Japanese Edition press conference at Space Nio on July 2, 2013 in Tokyo, Japan. (Photo by Jun Sato/WireImage) Twtter Companies and lawmakers across the country are standing behind women on Equal Pay Day with Lean In's #20PercentCounts campaign. On average, women make about 20 percent less than men. Related Headlines Facebook posts about child sex trafficking can do more harm than good,… Oregon Troopers rescue ducklings VIDEO: Parents in custody after infant found in yard Employees who are paid fairly are more committed. Learn more about what companies can do to close the pay gap: https://t.co/XBiTW0y6xW — Lean In (@LeanInOrg) April 3, 2017 Tuesday’s date marks the extra four months and four days women have to work to match the salaries their male counterparts made last year. Companies including Lyft and Procter & Gamble are offering 20 percent discounts on their products to mark the day. >> Read more trending news Congress is also planning to reintroduce a bill that would strengthen protections for women in the workplace. Hundreds of businesses in 25 cities are taking part in the campaign. >> Click here to find out which businesses are offering discounts in your area For more information about Equal Pay Day, click here. Want to talk about the news of the day? Join the conversation on this story and read trending headlines on the KIRO 7 News Facebook page. Follow @KIRO7Seattle here.  © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Equal Pay Day: Businesses offer discounts to raise awareness about… Mom of 3 collapses, dies after crossing half-marathon finish line 13-year-old jumps from moving vehicle to flee alleged rapist, kidnapper Protect your kids from the heat 16-year-old raises $43,000 for animal shelter News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News The Integer Group® Named Digital AOR For World Kitchen DENVER, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Integer Group®, a commerce agency that lives at the Intersection of Branding and Selling®, has been appointed Digital Agency of Record for World Kitchen following a formal review. The Integer Group's Denver office will assume digital and social responsibilities for a diverse roster of well-known kitchenware brands including Corelle, Pyrex, Revere, Corningware, Chicago Cutlery, Baker's Secret, Snapware and Visions. "Integer has emerged as the right partner to help us drive our business forward," said Kris Malkoski, President, Global Business & Chief Commercial Officer for World Kitchen. "We were looking for an agency to help us market our great brands in today's complex and fragmented digital space. Integer's ability to deliver end-to-end integrated communications and impressive digital capability matched extremely well with World Kitchen." Integer will primarily oversee all digital strategy and campaign development, social media activity and content development, SEO, and media planning and buying. To start, the agency will focus on the re-launch of the popular Revere brand, followed by a number of assignments encompassing a broad range of digital marketing duties. "As World Kitchen continues to innovate to meet the evolving needs in the home, we are excited to embark on this new partnership and for the opportunity to create more value through digital experiences," said David Battrick, Vice President, Digital for The Integer Group. "Integer will drive growth, build on the incredible brand affinity that exists and cement World Kitchen's leadership position." World Kitchen joins The Integer Group's roster of clients including AT&T, FedEx, Kellogg's, LG, Mars/Wrigley, Michelin, P&G, Pella, PepsiCo, Starbucks and more. For more information, visit www.integer.com. About The Integer Group® We live at the Intersection of Branding and Selling®. A key member of Omnicom Group Inc., The Integer Group (www.integer.com) is a global, creative-fueled commerce agency that delivers innovative ways for brands and retailers to connect and engage with shoppers, turning moments of receptivity into moments of conversion. We use cultural insights to inspire creative ideas that build brands and accelerate purchase both in and out of store, moving people from living to looking to buying. The Integer Group has more than 1,100 associates in 27 offices across the globe, including locations in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, and North and South America. About Omnicom Group Inc. Omnicom Group Inc. (NYSE: OMC) (www.omnicomgroup.com) is a leading global marketing and corporate communications company. Omnicom's branded networks and numerous specialty firms provide advertising, strategic media planning and buying, digital and interactive marketing, direct and promotional marketing, public relations and other specialty communications services to over 5,000 clients in more than 100 countries.   SOURCE The Integer Group CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Banking/Financial Services, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DDoS Prevention Products & Services Market – Emergence Of Advanced Technologies And Global Industry Analysis Next PostNext Strong 4th Quarter Trading Performance Search Recent Posts Eisai Presents Data of Mechanisms of Action Relating to Tumor Immune Response Regarding Combination of Anticancer Agent Lenvatinib With Anti-PD-1 Antibody at AACR 108th Annual Meeting Eisai and Meiji Enter Into Licensing Agreement Concerning Parkinson’s Disease Drug Safinamide in Japan and Asia AAPA Elects Steve Cernak As Its 2017-18 Board Chairman AAPA Elects Steve Cernak As Its 2017-18 Board Chairman Tigerpaw Software Modernizes Managed Print Services Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,689 +39.03 +0.19% Nasdaq 5,899 +3.93 +0.07% S&P 500 2,360 +1.32 +0.06% 3:00 A.M. ET Meet the drug addicts and gang members making $2500 handbags 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,102.07 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,342.51 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 380.11 2:28 A.M. ET BMW, Glaxo, Allstate pull Bill O'Reilly show ads 2:27 A.M. ET Syngenta-ChemChina deal gets FTC approval 2:27 A.M. ET DCC buys Shell's Hong Kong LPG unit; CEO to leave 2:25 A.M. ET BHP Billiton: Force majeure at Aussie coal mines 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices hold four-week high on bullish data 12:52 A.M. ET North Korea Missile launch prompts more yen buying 4/04 Asian markets perk up amid rising commodity prices 4/04 Bill O'Reilly's advertiser exodus continues 4/04 Updated What Uber drivers can teach America about work-life balance 4/04 Updated This is how many U.S. jobs robots will create over the next 10 years 4/04 Updated Amazon’s next customer: Americans who don’t have a bank account 4/04 Updated Half of American families are desperately living paycheck to paycheck 4/04 Updated 6 unusual things to do with your body after you die 4/04 Ex-Trump adviser Carter Page says Russian spies tried to recruit him 4/04 Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial 4/04 Consumers in line for $70 million in refunds after Amazon, FTC settlement Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release The Integer Group® Named Digital AOR For World Kitchen By Published: Apr 4, 2017 8:00 a.m. ET Share DENVER, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Integer Group®, a commerce agency that lives at the Intersection of Branding and Selling®, has been appointed Digital Agency of Record for World Kitchen following a formal review. The Integer Group's Denver office will assume digital and social responsibilities for a diverse roster of well-known kitchenware brands including Corelle, Pyrex, Revere, Corningware, Chicago Cutlery, Baker's Secret, Snapware and Visions. "Integer has emerged as the right partner to help us drive our business forward," said Kris Malkoski, President, Global Business & Chief Commercial Officer for World Kitchen. "We were looking for an agency to help us market our great brands in today's complex and fragmented digital space. Integer's ability to deliver end-to-end integrated communications and impressive digital capability matched extremely well with World Kitchen." Integer will primarily oversee all digital strategy and campaign development, social media activity and content development, SEO, and media planning and buying. To start, the agency will focus on the re-launch of the popular Revere brand, followed by a number of assignments encompassing a broad range of digital marketing duties. "As World Kitchen continues to innovate to meet the evolving needs in the home, we are excited to embark on this new partnership and for the opportunity to create more value through digital experiences," said David Battrick, Vice President, Digital for The Integer Group. "Integer will drive growth, build on the incredible brand affinity that exists and cement World Kitchen's leadership position." World Kitchen joins The Integer Group's roster of clients including AT&T, FedEx, Kellogg's, LG, Mars/Wrigley, Michelin, P&G, Pella, PepsiCo, Starbucks and more. For more information, visit www.integer.com. About The Integer Group® We live at the Intersection of Branding and Selling®. A key member of Omnicom Group Inc., The Integer Group (www.integer.com) is a global, creative-fueled commerce agency that delivers innovative ways for brands and retailers to connect and engage with shoppers, turning moments of receptivity into moments of conversion. We use cultural insights to inspire creative ideas that build brands and accelerate purchase both in and out of store, moving people from living to looking to buying. The Integer Group has more than 1,100 associates in 27 offices across the globe, including locations in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, and North and South America. About Omnicom Group Inc. Omnicom Group Inc. OMC, +0.12% (www.omnicomgroup.com) is a leading global marketing and corporate communications company. Omnicom's branded networks and numerous specialty firms provide advertising, strategic media planning and buying, digital and interactive marketing, direct and promotional marketing, public relations and other specialty communications services to over 5,000 clients in more than 100 countries.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-integer-group-named-digital-aor-for-world-kitchen-300432990.html SOURCE The Integer Group Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References OMC +0.10 +0.12% Most Popular Payless Shoesource files for Chapter 11, will close nearly 400 stores Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial Here’s one reason to be bearish on Tesla This is what scares Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller about the economy Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Omnicom Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OMC $85.80 +0.10 (+0.12%) Volume 1.1M Open $85.67 High $85.93 Low $85.32 P/E Ratio 17.91 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 20.1B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Men’s Grooming Products Market : Men’s shave care to Account US$ 40 Bn by 2024 Persistence Market Research’s study on the global men’s grooming products market has been compiled in the report titled “Global Men’s Grooming Products Sales Estimated to Reach US$ 104,199.2 Million by 2024 End; Europe’s Revenue Share to Remain Dominant.” Personalized shopping through e-commerce outlets has been identified as a key driving factor men’s grooming products globally. Increasing FDI in e-tailing businesses is further urging manufacturers of men’s grooming products to intensify their distribution operations through online retail channels. Easy accessibility and low costs are key factors for the rising men’s grooming products sales through e-commerce and online retail websites. Over the forecast period, online distribution channels will give rise to an absolute increment of more than US$ 12 billion. Nevertheless, sales of men’s grooming products through supermarkets and independent retail outlets remain key for companies looking to improve their sales potential by catering to impulsive buying and focusing on customer rapport. With nearly 40% revenue share, Europe will continue to remain the most attractive market for men’s grooming products. Germany, France, and the UK remain the top three markets, collectively accounting for over half of the revenue share of the Europe men’s grooming products market. North America, the second largest market globally, will rake in US$ 29 Bn in revenues by 2024. In terms of market value, the US$ 54 billion global market for men’s grooming products will expand at a CAGR of 8.4% through 2024. Key Regional Findings In North America, shave care products and fragrances will be the top-selling men’s grooming products The market in Asia Pacific will continue to post steady gains on account of rapidly growing sales in China Globally, the sales of men’s shave care products such as trimmers will be way higher than any other types of grooming products. Being the highest-selling products in the global market, consumption of men’s shave care products will be valued at over US$ 40 billion by the end of 2024. Subsequently, men’s grooming products sales under fragrances will account for nearly 35% of the global market over the projected period. Hair care products sales will register a market value share of about 10%, while the demand for men’s toiletries will be pared down as compared to the above types of grooming products. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/mens-grooming-products-market/toc Higher disposable incomes don’t necessarily instrument higher sales of men’s grooming products in the premium price range. Half of the global men’s grooming products revenues are concentrated in the mid-price range, with over 7,000 million expected to be sold globally over the forecast period. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11581 Procter & Gamble Co. will retain its competitive position as the global leader in shave care products. Independently, the company will also be dominant in the overall global men’s grooming products market by accounting for more than 10% market share. However, local manufacturers of men’s grooming products will collectively dominate the global market by accounting for nearly one-third of its market value. Accordingly, acquisition of such native players will be a strategic measure of expanding market presence for global leaders in consumer goods. Johnson & Johnson Private Limited, Koninklijke Philips N.V., ITC Limited, Coty Inc., Unilever PLC., Colgate-Palmolive Company, and Edgewell Personal Care Co., among others, are some leading manufacturers of men’s grooming products that intend to expand their businesses through acquisitions. Furthermore, L’Oréal S.A. and Beiersdorf AG are also some of the recognized players participating in the growth of the global men’s grooming products market. Buy Now: You can now buy a single user license of the report @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/11581 The final report customized as per your specific requirement will be sent to your e-mail id within 7-20 days, depending on the scope of the report. For more information, please e-mail us at sales@persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Men's Grooming Products Market, Men’s Grooming, Men’s Grooming Products Market Sales, Men’s Grooming Products Sales, Men’s shave care, Men’s shave care products, Men’s shave care products market, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kensington Introduces ClickSafe 2.0 Keyed Laptop Lock, Allowing IT Administrators to Protect Multiple Devices – from Laptops to Projectors – Across Environments with One Single Key Next PostNext Intellectual Property Rights and Royalty Management Industry Supply-Demand, Size, Share and Revenue Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Men’s Grooming Products Market : Men’s shave care to Account US$ 40 Bn by 2024 Persistence Market Research’s study on the global men’s grooming products market has been compiled in the report titled “Global Men’s Grooming Products Sales Estimated to Reach US$ 104,199.2 Million by 2024 End; Europe’s Revenue Share to Remain Dominant.” Personalized shopping through e-commerce outlets has been identified as a key driving factor men’s grooming products globally. Increasing FDI in e-tailing businesses is further urging manufacturers of men’s grooming products to intensify their distribution operations through online retail channels. Easy accessibility and low costs are key factors for the rising men’s grooming products sales through e-commerce and online retail websites. Over the forecast period, online distribution channels will give rise to an absolute increment of more than US$ 12 billion. Nevertheless, sales of men’s grooming products through supermarkets and independent retail outlets remain key for companies looking to improve their sales potential by catering to impulsive buying and focusing on customer rapport. With nearly 40% revenue share, Europe will continue to remain the most attractive market for men’s grooming products. Germany, France, and the UK remain the top three markets, collectively accounting for over half of the revenue share of the Europe men’s grooming products market. North America, the second largest market globally, will rake in US$ 29 Bn in revenues by 2024. In terms of market value, the US$ 54 billion global market for men’s grooming products will expand at a CAGR of 8.4% through 2024. Key Regional Findings In North America, shave care products and fragrances will be the top-selling men’s grooming products The market in Asia Pacific will continue to post steady gains on account of rapidly growing sales in China Globally, the sales of men’s shave care products such as trimmers will be way higher than any other types of grooming products. Being the highest-selling products in the global market, consumption of men’s shave care products will be valued at over US$ 40 billion by the end of 2024. Subsequently, men’s grooming products sales under fragrances will account for nearly 35% of the global market over the projected period. Hair care products sales will register a market value share of about 10%, while the demand for men’s toiletries will be pared down as compared to the above types of grooming products. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/mens-grooming-products-market/toc Higher disposable incomes don’t necessarily instrument higher sales of men’s grooming products in the premium price range. Half of the global men’s grooming products revenues are concentrated in the mid-price range, with over 7,000 million expected to be sold globally over the forecast period. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11581 Procter & Gamble Co. will retain its competitive position as the global leader in shave care products. Independently, the company will also be dominant in the overall global men’s grooming products market by accounting for more than 10% market share. However, local manufacturers of men’s grooming products will collectively dominate the global market by accounting for nearly one-third of its market value. Accordingly, acquisition of such native players will be a strategic measure of expanding market presence for global leaders in consumer goods. Johnson & Johnson Private Limited, Koninklijke Philips N.V., ITC Limited, Coty Inc., Unilever PLC., Colgate-Palmolive Company, and Edgewell Personal Care Co., among others, are some leading manufacturers of men’s grooming products that intend to expand their businesses through acquisitions. Furthermore, L’Oréal S.A. and Beiersdorf AG are also some of the recognized players participating in the growth of the global men’s grooming products market. Buy Now: You can now buy a single user license of the report @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/11581 The final report customized as per your specific requirement will be sent to your e-mail id within 7-20 days, depending on the scope of the report. For more information, please e-mail us at sales@persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Men's Grooming Products Market, Men’s Grooming, Men’s Grooming Products Market Sales, Men’s Grooming Products Sales, Men’s shave care, Men’s shave care products, Men’s shave care products market, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kensington Introduces ClickSafe 2.0 Keyed Laptop Lock, Allowing IT Administrators to Protect Multiple Devices – from Laptops to Projectors – Across Environments with One Single Key Next PostNext Intellectual Property Rights and Royalty Management Industry Supply-Demand, Size, Share and Revenue Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Men’s Grooming Products Market : Men’s shave care to Account US$ 40 Bn by 2024 Persistence Market Research’s study on the global men’s grooming products market has been compiled in the report titled “Global Men’s Grooming Products Sales Estimated to Reach US$ 104,199.2 Million by 2024 End; Europe’s Revenue Share to Remain Dominant.” Personalized shopping through e-commerce outlets has been identified as a key driving factor men’s grooming products globally. Increasing FDI in e-tailing businesses is further urging manufacturers of men’s grooming products to intensify their distribution operations through online retail channels. Easy accessibility and low costs are key factors for the rising men’s grooming products sales through e-commerce and online retail websites. Over the forecast period, online distribution channels will give rise to an absolute increment of more than US$ 12 billion. Nevertheless, sales of men’s grooming products through supermarkets and independent retail outlets remain key for companies looking to improve their sales potential by catering to impulsive buying and focusing on customer rapport. With nearly 40% revenue share, Europe will continue to remain the most attractive market for men’s grooming products. Germany, France, and the UK remain the top three markets, collectively accounting for over half of the revenue share of the Europe men’s grooming products market. North America, the second largest market globally, will rake in US$ 29 Bn in revenues by 2024. In terms of market value, the US$ 54 billion global market for men’s grooming products will expand at a CAGR of 8.4% through 2024. Key Regional Findings In North America, shave care products and fragrances will be the top-selling men’s grooming products The market in Asia Pacific will continue to post steady gains on account of rapidly growing sales in China Globally, the sales of men’s shave care products such as trimmers will be way higher than any other types of grooming products. Being the highest-selling products in the global market, consumption of men’s shave care products will be valued at over US$ 40 billion by the end of 2024. Subsequently, men’s grooming products sales under fragrances will account for nearly 35% of the global market over the projected period. Hair care products sales will register a market value share of about 10%, while the demand for men’s toiletries will be pared down as compared to the above types of grooming products. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/mens-grooming-products-market/toc Higher disposable incomes don’t necessarily instrument higher sales of men’s grooming products in the premium price range. Half of the global men’s grooming products revenues are concentrated in the mid-price range, with over 7,000 million expected to be sold globally over the forecast period. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11581 Procter & Gamble Co. will retain its competitive position as the global leader in shave care products. Independently, the company will also be dominant in the overall global men’s grooming products market by accounting for more than 10% market share. However, local manufacturers of men’s grooming products will collectively dominate the global market by accounting for nearly one-third of its market value. Accordingly, acquisition of such native players will be a strategic measure of expanding market presence for global leaders in consumer goods. Johnson & Johnson Private Limited, Koninklijke Philips N.V., ITC Limited, Coty Inc., Unilever PLC., Colgate-Palmolive Company, and Edgewell Personal Care Co., among others, are some leading manufacturers of men’s grooming products that intend to expand their businesses through acquisitions. Furthermore, L’Oréal S.A. and Beiersdorf AG are also some of the recognized players participating in the growth of the global men’s grooming products market. Buy Now: You can now buy a single user license of the report @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/11581 The final report customized as per your specific requirement will be sent to your e-mail id within 7-20 days, depending on the scope of the report. For more information, please e-mail us at sales@persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Men's Grooming Products Market, Men’s Grooming, Men’s Grooming Products Market Sales, Men’s Grooming Products Sales, Men’s shave care, Men’s shave care products, Men’s shave care products market, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kensington Introduces ClickSafe 2.0 Keyed Laptop Lock, Allowing IT Administrators to Protect Multiple Devices – from Laptops to Projectors – Across Environments with One Single Key Next PostNext Intellectual Property Rights and Royalty Management Industry Supply-Demand, Size, Share and Revenue Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Led2Serve Launches Service Learning Journeys in Washington DC Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » ABB to buy Austrian firm B&R for an undisclosed amount SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO ABB to buy Austrian firm B&R for an undisclosed amountPrasad Sanyal B&R, founded in 1979 by Erwin Bernecker and Josef Rainer, employs more than 3,000 people, including about 1,000 R&D and application engineers. It operates across 70 countries today. | TIMESOFINDIA.COM | Updated: Apr 4, 2017, 05.05 PM IST Highlights Acquisition of B&R (Bernecker + Rainer Industrie-Elektronik GmbH) will close ABB’s historic gap in machine and factory automation. B&R's headquarters in Eggelsberg, Austria, to become ABB’s global center for machine and factory automation.B&R displaying its APROL process control system at ACHEMA 2016, Frankfurt. NEW DELHI: ABB today announced the acquisition of the Austrian machine and factory automation solutions company B&R for an undisclosed amount. In a press release, ABB said the transaction is funded in cash and is expected to be complete this summer. With this acquisition, the Swiss multi-national will expand its industrial automation offering by integrating B&R's innovative products, helping it challenge its German rival Siemens in the industrial automation sector. The deal increases ABB's sales in the segment to around $15 billion and consolidates its position as number two in the $130 billion global industrial automation sector. "This transaction marks a true milestone for ABB, as B&R will close the historic gap within ABB's automation offering. This is a perfect fit and will make us the only industrial automation provider offering customers the entire spectrum of technology and software solutions around measurement, control, actuation, robotics, digitalization and electrification," said ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer. B&R, founded in 1979 by Erwin Bernecker and Josef Rainer is headquartered in Eggelsberg, Austria, employs more than 3,000 people, including about 1,000 R&D and application engineers. It operates across 70 countries today and makes programmable controls for machines used by companies like Nestle, Procter & Gamble, and Roche - major players in the FMCG and the pharmaceuticals space.The privately held company also makes components for machines used by automotive makers BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen. Its products include industrial PCs and factory automation devices which are designed to increase productivity. The company released a statement on the acquisition where it said, "B&R Industrial Automation will remain a independent company, and we will retain our brand identity. B&R India management will continue to report to B&R Austria operation management. Managing Director P V Sivaram will continue to report to GM Global Sales, Mr Peter Gucher at B&R Austria. Our Support structure and sales focus on Machine and Factory Automation will be centred around our products like X20, ACOPOS and APROL." B&R has grown successfully with a revenue CAGR of 11 % over the last two decades. Revenues more than quintupled since 2000 to more than $600 million (2015/16) in the $20 billion machine and factory automation market segment. "This is a strong signal for our employees as our operations in Eggelsberg will become ABB's global center for machine and factory automation," said Erwin Bernecker, co-founder of B&R. "The most important thing to me is that the companies and their people fit so well together and that our founding location will play such a key role." The purchase will add to ABB's industrial automation division, which has struggled in recent quarters. Sales for the division fell 9 percent in 2016, while new orders dropped 20 percent, largely due to falling demand from oil and gas customers. The B&R deal is said to be ABB's biggest acquisition since it bought U.S. low-voltage-products-maker Thomas & Betts for $3.9 billion in 2012. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Visit Burbank, CA & fly directly into Hollywood Burbank Ai.. Visit Burbank The Site All Women Just Love, See Why Tophatter Accounting Service Pricing: Bundling and Pricing Strategie.. Quickbooks More from The Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Kapil's alleged ex goes off twitter Mollywood's lesbian outing From the Web More From The Times of India How Cruise Liners Fill All Their Unsold Cruise CabinsCruise Sponsored Ads Remember Hurley? Wait Till You See What He Looks Like NowWeightLossGroove New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced (But Not With Cell Phones)Consumer Daily Ads How IoT is decreasing field service costsMicrosoft Watch a Pharmacist discuss PrEPHealthiNation OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide Strip ease in Spain! ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Russia probes 'act of terror' after metro blast kills 10 IISc Bangalore tops, IIT-M bags 2nd position in HRD ministry's university rankings PM Modi inaugurates Chenani-Nashri tunnel; says Kashmir's youth have two paths - tourism or terrorism Check Out These Top Crossover SUVs Ad: New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Kanakia Rainforest - Andheri East - 20:80 Payment Plan Ad: Kanakia Group Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka defends COO Pravin Rao's pay The public spat between the founders of Infosys and its board of directors is flaring up ahead of a crucial meeting next week. CEO Vishal Sikka in a statement said that the revision in COO Pravin Rao compensation is focused on making Infosys more competitive. Softbank pulls out of Snapdeal deal Japanese investor SoftBank has abruptly rescinded a $150-200 million debt financing it had offered to Snapdeal-owner Jasper Infotech. From around the Web George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny How To Treat Type 2 Diabetes? Find out on Yahoo Search Yahoo Discover Long Lost Photos of Your Ancestors Ancestry How to Make Money by Buying and Selling Domains 1&1 Digital Guide More From The Times of India Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Read MoreUlrich SpiesshoferThomas & Bettsfactory automation solutions companyerwin berneckerB&R Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Britain's FTSE leads European peers as energy and industrials stocks gain Australia's central bank holds rates as property market sizzles Europe stocks rise but bond yield falls show investor caution Asia Crude Oil Trades-Petronas sells May Kimanis 1ABB to buy Austrian firm B&R for an undisclosed amount 2Britain's FTSE leads European peers as energy and industrials stocks gain 3Australia's central bank holds rates as property market sizzles 4Europe stocks rise but bond yield falls show investor caution 5Asia Crude Oil Trades-Petronas sells May Kimanis Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Arvind Kejriwal IPL 10  NIRF Ranking 2017 Prashant Bhushan Nikki Haley Dalali Lama St Petersburg explosion Yogi Adityanath IPL 2017 Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web MCD Elections 2017 Dalai Lama Delhi MCD Elections IPL 2017 News Breaking News IPL 2017 teams Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Wrestlemania 33 Arvind Kejriwal Somali pirates Kings XI Punjab Dalai Lama IPL 2017 Sunny Leone xXx Baahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
blog news articles page Contact us Old Dominion University Old Dominion University blog Nrotc scholarship essay outline De voedingspiramide Date: 2017-04-04 04:45 More videos «Nrotc scholarship essay outline» THE FOLLOWERSHIP EXCHANGE / FrontPage Boutique de Bérets Basque personnalisés - Musée Du Béret /~ jik/src/Attic/kerberos_ password Chaleff, new book release: Intelligent Disobedience: Doing Right When What You're Told to Do is Wrong. Nearly every week we read about a tragedy or scandal that could have been prevented if individuals had said no to ill-advised or illegitimate orders. THE FOLLOWERSHIP EXCHANGE / FrontPage Practical assessment of the risks and benefits of leading from below that argues that doing so effectively benefits the organization and all concerned/ Boutique de Bérets Basque personnalisés - Musée Du Béret Over 855 Academic Majors Registered Users will see Academic Majors that match their profile along with corresponding Wage and Salary information associated with the potential occupational outcomes of that specific Academic Program(s). VIEW ALL MAJORS /~ jik/src/Attic/kerberos_ password ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Cornelis Ilse Alain Van Hiel David De Cremer , " Birds of a feather: Leader-follower similarity and procedural fairness effects on cooperation ," European Journal of Work and Organizational Psychology , 59 /69/65 In this section you will find over 655 Course Outlines. Each Course Outline identifies year of study, gives a quick summary of the course, provides overall Objectives, discusses the Topics that will be covered, and details the types of assignments to expect. VIEW ALL This brings to mind the work (culture) we were doing at DuPont 75-75 years ago. Efforts there were an off shoot of Charles Krone's discourses. We called it "Krone technology". W. L. Gore has been a poster child for this sort of work culture since its inception. I talked to a colleague last week who did the same thing at Proctor and Gamble about the same time. For more (cerebral) information see Carol Sanford's " A Theory and Practice System of 'Systems Thinking': With an Executive’s Story of the Power of 'Developmental' and 'Evolutionary' Systems Thinking: 7559 (.pdf) Although this article describes the problems faced by college presidents when they do not receive good advice, it is applicable to many hierarchical situations. The author underscores why advice from followers is critical to a chief administrator's well being and how to facilitate an atmosphere in which good, candid advice is forthcoming. [Download article after clicking] "I'm willing to pay for quality followers. I am even willing to pay an extra premium to find them. However, business-school faculty, who are pretending everyone will be able to be a leader, are undermining my efforts." Article discusses the etiquette of physically standing up when a leader's presence demands that sort of deference. What is important, the author asserts. are the feelings and motives behind such an action and how that action ratifies or amplifies a leader's sense of power. «Nrotc scholarship essay outline» in pictures. More images «Nrotc scholarship essay outline». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News State moving ahead with compliance for REAL ID By James Mayse Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 City officials launch plan for a 'mass foreclosure' Public lots on East Ninth, Allen streets to be auctioned McConnell claims votes to bust Supreme Court filibuster Human trafficking program aims to promote awareness, educate Pitino Shelter wins Red Pixel competition Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Local Sports Mavericks are worthy of community's attention By JIM PICKENS Messenger-Inquirer 1 hr ago 0 Monk headed to NBA Johnson heavy favorite to capture green jacket Romo retiring, heading to TV booth --- MISSING HEADLINE --- Arrieta, Cubs top Cardinals Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Health web only Hidden hernias: Oft-undiagnosed pains for women By Hillary Gulley, The Washington Post 9 hrs ago 0 Walt Whitman is not impressed by your expensive gym membership Disabled, or just desperate? Rural Americans turn to disability as jobs dry up. Sunset Ridge Pesticides are a solution Federal reimbursement available for organic, transitional certification Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Woman's Club fifth annual 5K for MDA is April 22 By STEPHANIE SALMONS McLean County News Updated Apr 3, 2017 0 McLean County Public Library Announcements Friends of Island Work Ready scholarships available Museum News Less science, more industry at Trump's Environmental Agency by Lauren Coleman-Lochner Bloomberg News 1 hr ago 0 Congress and the Trump administration are planning sweeping changes in how science is used to govern public health. Controversy over climate change may be getting all the attention right now, but legislation under consideration would transform the way the Environmental Protection Agency combats pollution, identifies harmful pesticides, and classifies everyday toxins such as laundry detergent, window cleaner and clothing dye. President Donald Trump has vowed to flatten regulatory hurdles for American business, and Congress's proposed EPA rules for science would make commerce easier. The president has proposed a 31 percent budget cut for the EPA and installed an opponent of the agency, Scott Pruitt, as its leader. Pruitt began the new era of industry over environmental regulation last week by reversing years of scientific opinion, rejecting a proposed ban on chlorpyrifos, a pesticide used on fruits and vegetables that has links to brain damage. Bills under deliberation would open EPA expert advisory panels to industry representatives and mandate the use in formulating policy of what sponsors call the "best available science," which opponents say would exclude widely used research methods and delay action. An EPA program that certifies consumer products that are free of hazardous substances could also be in peril. Lawmakers and environmentalists are predictably split on the legislation. The bills "really pull the rug out from under the independence of the scientific process," said Thomas Burke, a professor at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore and former EPA adviser. "We're going to turn back the clock on public health. This is the most devastating blow I've ever seen." Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Texas, who chairs the House committee that oversees the EPA, said that "the days of trust-me science are over.'' "Open and honest science should be at the core of the EPA's mission rather than rules that end up costing American taxpayers billions of dollars,'' Smith said in a statement last week. That was Smith's rationale for the Honest Act, which passed the House 228-194 on Wednesday. It would bar the EPA from creating any regulation based on data that's not publicly available or can't be replicated. The law would mean eliminating studies that cite epidemiological research, such as the one that led to the banning of the pesticide DDT, which was shown to cause cancer in humans and deadly effects in birds like bald eagles. Leaded gasoline was also taken off the market due to epidemiological research, which exposed its link to brain damage in children. A day after the House approved the Honest Act, the EPA Science Advisory Board Act passed 229-193, allowing industry representatives to serve without special permission, while excluding scientists whose research receives EPA funding. Doing that would prevent extreme views, according to its sponsor, Oklahoma Republican Representative Frank Lucas. "We live in a very cynical time, where people question everything the government does,'' Lucas said in an interview. Revising the makeup of the board "creates a more balanced situation" and "will move the standard that is something closer to the middle no matter who is in charge of the federal government." But the legislation undercuts the EPA's mission, said Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, the ranking Democrat on the House committee overseeing the EPA. The bill "makes it easier for industry representatives with conflicts of interest to serve on advisory boards at the EPA while making it harder for scientific experts, all while slowing the regulatory process," Johnson said in a statement. The Better Evaluation of Science and Technology Act, also called the BEST Act, aims to decrease the number of lawsuits filed against government agencies and reduce questions about the quality of underlying data in their regulations, its sponsor, Sen. James Lankford, R-Oklahoma, said in a statement. Yogin Kothari of the Union of Concerned Scientists called it a "Trojan-horse transparency bill" that weakens regulations by casting doubt on the science used to back them. It could have the effect of excluding newer findings, which may reveal harm undetected by older research, he said. These bills come at a time when an update of the Toxic Substances Control Act, signed into law last year, could limit the ability of states to enact regulations that are tougher than federal standards. They still must be approved by the Senate, where they could be stalled by filibusters. Environmentalists say they fear a stroke of a pen could eliminate the EPA's Safer Choice program. Congress has tried to scuttle it before. The program approves household products such as laundry detergent and window cleaner that are free of hazardous substances. Companies governed by the program say they favor it. Last month, almost 200 corporations, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Procter & Gamble Co., Dow Chemical Co. and BASF, wrote to Pruitt, saying it "helps consumers, businesses, and procurement officers/purchasers to identify products that go beyond regular safety standards." But many of the same industries that fought restrictions on DDT and leaded gasoline in the past are trying to block regulation now, said Daniel Rosenberg, senior attorney of the health and environment program at the Natural Resources Defense Council in Washington. "If a bill would make it harder for EPA to protect the public from chemicals like lead, mercury and asbestos, it's something that no reasonable member of Congress should support," he said. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 60° Clear Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News State moving ahead with compliance for REAL ID Mavericks are worthy of community's attention City officials launch plan for a 'mass foreclosure' Public lots on East Ninth, Allen streets to be auctioned Monk headed to NBA McConnell claims votes to bust Supreme Court filibuster Human trafficking program aims to promote awareness, educate Johnson heavy favorite to capture green jacket Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles News of Kushner's Iraq trip poses security risks This woman is growing a second skeleton -- and it's locking her inside her own body OFD debuts new $1.1M ladder truck Police Reports One dead in Ky. 56 accident Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Readers Write: April 2, 2017 (2) DCHS, CVMS win national archery championships (1) Library board puts brakes on expansion (1) Answering the question, why do teachers teach? (1) Walking to the Wall: Sacramento resident hiking 700 miles to view memorial (1) Ohio County considering moving Monroe home (1) City leaders bearing down on budget process (1) Gabe's new owner paid $500K for building, nearby tract (1) Stand up for Kentucky's public schools (1) KSP charge man with murder in disappearance of Ohio County man (1) Cars 1978 FORD 2600 Gas, high/low trans, No PS $3,500. 270-302-4545 $3,500 Updated 3 hrs ago Toyota Tacoma 1998 5 spd., 495,000 mi. STILL RUNS & $1,500 Mileage: 495,000 Updated 3 hrs ago 2004 Oats Mobile Alero Good Work Car, $900 Call 270-231-9864 $900 6 hrs ago Stocks Homes OPEN HOUSE Sat & Sun 12:00-2:00 3305 Spring Ridge Parkway Updated 3 hrs ago All Areas~ 1, 2 & 3 Bdrm. Apts - Duplexes Mar 27, 2011 10.088 Acres on Hwy 1389. Lake, tennis courts, and many $159,900 Updated 3 hrs ago Special Sections 4-1-17 REIO Apr 1, 2017 0 Real Estate Inside Out for the weekend of April 1-2, 2017. 2Q/2017 Mar 24, 2017 0 Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation 3-25-17 AT Home Mar 25, 2017 0 All About Pets 2017 Feb 26, 2017 0 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Grooming Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Analysis For 2017 – 2025 Grooming market has witnessed a significant growth over the years due to the rising self-consciousness and adoption towards proper life style. Proper grooming includes caring for skin, finger nails, hair, shaving, and trimming among others. Proper grooming enhances physical and emotional wellbeing, confidence and self-determination. Dressing appropriately and taking care of basic grooming aspects which include proper hair, skin care and make-up has become the prime importance among the population. Details Industry Insight, Download PDF Brochure@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The global grooming market is mainly driven by increasing purchasing power of the consumers, flourishing fashion and film industries, media influence, and rising aspiration towards personal grooming among the younger population. Rising working population is another major factor complementing the growth of the global grooming market. Youngsters opt for skin whitening creams, lotions and skin brightening creams in order to enhance their physical appearance that make themselves more presentable. Increasing per capita income, rising awareness regarding beautification are contributing to the growth of the global grooming market. Manufacturers are focused towards continuous research and development in order to develop new products to satisfy the growing needs among the consumers. However, rising price of grooming products coupled with stringent government rules and regulations regarding the usage of synthetic ingredients used on several grooming products are expected global grooming market during the forecast period. The market for global grooming market has been segmented on the basis of type, distribution channel and end use. Based on types the global grooming market has been segmented into skin care products, hair care products, oral care products, make up products, fragrances and deodorants and others. Skin care segment held a dominant market share due to consciousness towards maintaining a healthy skin. Hygiene is another factor driving the consumers towards the adoption various types of skin care products. Make up products among both genders are gaining importance globally and are anticipated to have a significant growth rate during the forecast period. Based on distribution channel, the global grooming market has been segmented into online channel and offline channel. Offline channels are further segmented into super markets and hyper markets, convenience stores, departmental stores and independent stores. Online store captured the largest market share due to increasing access to the internet, easy convenience, and wide range of discounts, offers and coupons from the manufacturers directly and presence of large number of international brands. The market has been further segmented into by end use which includes men and women. Grooming has become an integral part of life style among both genders. Population across the globe is increasingly inclined towards beauty and hygiene and thus this has resulted in increased demand for grooming products. The men’s personal care and grooming products have shown significant growth rate over the years due to the change in life style and increasing consciousness towards self-appearance. Further, the male population has become increasingly conscious regarding physical appearance which results from good grooming and the same instills self-confidence in them. In the region wise study the global grooming market has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. Europe which includes countries such as Germany, France, and Italy among others captured a significant market share in the global grooming market due to high demand of grooming products among the consumers. Asia Pacific which includes China, India, Japan, Malaysia, Australia, is anticipated to be fastest growing market due to the presence of large number of manufacturers engaged in continuous research and development in order to bring out new offerings for its consumers. Rapid urbanization, high level of discretionary spending, reliance on imported products fueled the growth rate of global grooming products market in these regions. Browse Full Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/grooming-market.html Global key participants in the industry include Unilever plc, L O’real S.A., Amway, Procter & Gamble, Avon Products Inc., The Estee Lauders Company Inc., Shiseido Company Limited, Beiersdorf AG and various others. About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Another Agmatine Patent for Gilad&Gilad Next PostNext Draught Beer Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast Analysis For 2017 – 2025 Search Recent Posts Global Barcode Scanner Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.32% over 2017-2021 Global Sodium Chlorate Market- Kemira, ERCO, CANEXUS, Tronox, Chemtrade, Arkema Omni-Channel Retail Market Forecasts Research Report 2017-2021 Now Available at MarketReportsOnline Mega Data Center Market Automation, Revenue, Shares and Forecasts 2017 to 2023 Irrigated Ablation Catheter Market to Register Steady Growth During 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Business News Features Installations News Features Research Case Studies and Solar Solutions Politics & Policy News Features Videos Products Events Trade Shows & Conferences Classes Workshops & Webinars Advertising About Us Our Team Editorial Calendar Write for us Solar Flares Newsletter Terms and Conditions Solar Power Plants Solar Thermal Concentrating Solar Manufacturing PV Cells and Modules Energy Storage Power Electronics Balance of System Click Here Solar Novus Blog 25 Jan Solar Decathlon Launches Innovative Entrepreneurs 22 Nov Donald Trump and the Solar Industry 31 Oct 6 US Cities Where Solar Installers Can Thrive 14 Sep Is Tesla Right to Buy SolarCity? 13 Sep Solar Power International 2016: Opening day 07 Sep Urgent Letter to the Solar Industry & Our Customers 26 Aug Growing PV Pipelines Across Europe Await Policy Support 25 Jul Tesla’s Getting a Great Deal on SolarCity 06 Jul Solar’s Next Challenge? Riding Out the Turbulence 04 Jul Women in STEM: An insider’s perspective 23 Jun Which Countries are Leading the Way in Renewable Energy? 22 Jun Top Innovations in Energy Storage 16 May Community Solar's Big Breakout Year 25 Apr A New SunEdison Looms on the Horizon Read More Case Studies and Solutions Uganda to Tap Into Mini-grid Potential Sailing Away with Lightweight, Flexible Solar Going Solar in New Jersey Five Solar Hybrid Microgrids in Colombia Ham Radio Powered by Solar + Storage Installing Solar PV in Harsh Environments Off-Grid Solar Installation at a California Botanical Garden BIPV Solar Installation on a University High-Rise Ground-Mount Solar PV Farm in Southern Poland Solar Garage Canopy with EV Charging Barn-Raising Solar Installation at Windblown Ski Area Kosovo Launches its First Solar Power Plant Solar Decathlon 2015: Sustainable home competition 2.4MW Solar Installation on the Anaheim Convention Center Integrating Solar Monitoring with Renewable Energy Education Read More Videos Fronius USA Company Overview Video More Solar Research Solar-Powered Skin for Prosthetics Molecular Solar Thermal System Delivers Solar Energy on Demand Raman Mapping Analysis to Improve CZTS Solar Cells Cheap Solar-Powered Water Purifier Made With Carbon-Coated Paper Surface Recombination in Perovskite Solar Cells Less Toxic Organic Photovoltaic Materials Delaminating Thin-Film Photovoltaics for Lighter Packaging Near-Infrared-to-Visible Emitters Boost Solar Efficiency Implanted Solar Cells May Power Pacemakers, Brain Stimulators and More Degradation in MAPbI3 Perovskites: Moving on Organic Solar Cells: Understanding microstructure of PV materials GRIN Structures May Route and Concentrate Light Technion Improves Solar Cell Efficiency by Nearly 70% Large Solar Power Plants Increase Local Temperatures Read More Business Home » Business  » News Vivint Solar Names Maggie Heile VP of Marketing Published on 4 April 2017 Vivint Solar has named Maggie Heile as vice president of marketing. In this role, Heile will oversee Vivint Solar's marketing, communications and branding initiatives. A veteran marketing leader with 25 years of experience, Heile's expertise is in amplifying new or undervalued brands and driving revenue, profitability and market share. Throughout her career, Heile has led some of the most recognized and respected consumer brands across a wide range of categories, and in close partnership with big retailers like Costco, Walmart, and Target. "Maggie is a brilliant marketing mind and proven leader who will help Vivint Solar share its vision of clean, affordable energy with consumers," said David Bywater, CEO of Vivint Solar. "We look forward to working with Maggie as a valuable member of our management team to support our ongoing growth initiatives." Prior to joining Vivint Solar, Heile led marketing for the Retailer Brands division of Sun Products Corporation, the second largest laundry product manufacturer in the US, where she developed best-in-class brand building capability that resulted in volume, profit, share, and brand equity growth across a portfolio of 50+ brands and multiple product categories.  Heile previously served as a senior vice president and general manager at Saatchi & Saatchi X, one of the top global shopper marketing agencies, where she helped build and strategically lead a new agency network, including its global expansion. She began her career at Procter & Gamble, working across a wide range of brands in the food, beverage and pet categories. Among Heile's achievements at P&G, she profitably grew the Iams dog and cat food businesses to billion-dollar brands. Labels: Vivint solar,residential solar,Maggie Heile Back to News   Innovative Solar Products Tigo Introduces Optimizers with UHD-Core Technology Tigo, pioneer of the smart modular Flex MLPE platform, today... Read More PV Expo 2017: DuPont Solamet metallization pastes DuPont Photovoltaic Solutions introduced new innovations for its... Read More Solectria Rapid Shutdown Solution for Three-Phase String Inverters Yaskawa - Solectria Solar, a commercial PV inverter manufacturer,... Read More MJP International Rolls Out New Solar Products MJP International has begun selling several new products to capture... Read More CES 2017: Heliatek exhibits building integrated PV Heliatek is expanding its global presence in exhibiting at two major... Read More SolarEdge Power Optimizer P800 The SolarEdge P800 commercial power optimizer enables installers to connect two modules to one... Read More Software Analyzes Power Losses in the Production of Solar Modules Research and industry invest lots of know-how in improving solar... Read More Solar-Log in Combination with Building Automation Systems The Solar-Log's Modbus TCP interface allows you to link... Read More NEXTracker Launches Solar Tracker Plus Storage Solution NEXTracker, a Flex company, announced today it has... Read More Sungrow Showcases Inverters at Solar & Off-Grid Renewables Sungrow, a PV inverter manufacturer, showcased its SG60KTL and... Read More Exotrack HZ for the Chinese PV Market ATEC, a Chinese solar mounting system manufacturer and installer, has signed a technology... Read More IXYS Expands Low Voltage MOSFET Portfolio with 60V TrenchT3 Devices IXYS Corporation, a global manufacturer of power semiconductors... Read More Most Popular on Solar Novus Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Conference This Week in Freiburg Five-Year Payback for 500kW Rooftop Solar in Italy Solar Brings Electricity to Fiji Sugarcane Farmers Off-grid Power Conference at Intersolar Europe 2017 Four Key Questions About Solar in the US Vivint Solar Names Maggie Heile VP of Marketing Anheuser-Busch Commits to 100% Renewable Energy Photovoltaic Materials Market Estimated to Reach $25 Billion by 2022 25th US City Commits To 100% Renewable Energy Employment in Solar Industry Grew 25% Nationwide in 2016 Accounting for Extreme Weather in Solar Asset Management Stanford Researchers Recommend Changes to US Solar Policy Intersolar Europe 2017: The urban energy transition Uganda to Tap Into Mini-grid Potential Molecular Solar Thermal System Delivers Solar Energy on Demand Latest Trade Show News Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Conference This Week in Freiburg OutBack Power Energy Express Roadshow Rolls into NABCEP Sungrow Energy Storage Solutions Showcased at Energy Storage Europe CALSEIA, Intersolar and SEMI to Host Summerfest at AT&T Park PV Expo 2017: DuPont Solamet metallization pastes PV Expo 2017: KACO presents 20 and 50 kilowatt string inverters NABCEP Announces Pre-Conference Keynote Speaker PV Expo 2017: REFU Elektronik presents new 22K string inverter ees Europe 2017: Energy storage in the automotive industry Solar PV Expo Japan: Solarig solar construction and O&M Intersolar Summit USA East, March in Brooklyn Intersolar Europe 2017: Close collaboration between France and Germany Solar Installations Reach Milestone: 300GW of global PV capacity Solar-Log Wins Gold Award at India Rooftop Solar Convention EU PVSEC 2017: Prof. Arno Smets appointed chairman TOP www.novuslight.com www.novusbuyersguide.com Business News Features Installations News Features Research Case Studies and Solar Solutions Politics & Policy News Features Videos Events Trade Shows & Conferences Classes Workshops & Webinars Technologies Solar Power Plants Solar Thermal Concentrating Solar Manufacturing PV Cells and Modules Energy Storage Power Electronics Balance of System Copyright © 2017 Novus Media Today Group, LLC. All rights reserved. Website design and build by MM Design.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Brendan Smialowski/AFP via Getty Images At Trump’s EPA, Less Science and More Industry by Lauren Coleman-Lochner @LaurenLochner More stories by Lauren Coleman-Lochner April 4, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT April 4, 2017, 9:56 AM EDT GOP lawmakers are changing role of research in rule making EPA advisory boards would include industry representatives Congress and the Trump administration are planning sweeping changes in how science is used to govern public health. Controversy over climate change may be getting all the attention right now, but legislation under consideration would transform the way the Environmental Protection Agency combats pollution, identifies harmful pesticides and classifies everyday toxins, such as laundry detergent, window cleaner and clothing dye. Donald Trump Photographer: Pool/Getty Images President Donald Trump has vowed to flatten regulatory hurdles for American business, and Congress’s proposed EPA rules for science would make commerce easier. The president has proposed a 31 percent budget cut for the EPA and installed an opponent of the agency, Scott Pruitt, as its leader. Pruitt began the new era of industry over environmental regulation last week by reversing years of scientific opinion, rejecting a proposed ban on chlorpyrifos, a pesticide used on fruits and vegetables that has links to brain damage. Bills under deliberation would open EPA expert advisory panels to industry representatives and mandate the use in formulating policy of what sponsors call the “best available science,” which opponents say would exclude widely used research methods and delay action. An EPA program that certifies consumer products that are free of hazardous substances could also be in peril. Lawmakers and environmentalists are predictably split on the legislation. The bills “really pull the rug out from under the independence of the scientific process,” said Thomas Burke, a professor at the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore and former EPA adviser. “We’re going to turn back the clock on public health. This is the most devastating blow I’ve ever seen.” ‘Trust-Me Science’ Republican Representative Lamar Smith of Texas, who chairs the House committee that oversees the EPA, said that “the days of trust-me science are over.’’ “Open and honest science should be at the core of the EPA’s mission rather than rules that end up costing American taxpayers billions of dollars,’’ Smith said in a statement last week. That was Smith’s rationale for the Honest Act, which the House passed 228-194 on Wednesday. It would bar the EPA from creating any regulation based on data that’s not publicly available or can’t be replicated. The law would mean eliminating studies that cite epidemiological research, such as the one that led to the banning of the pesticide DDT, which was shown to cause cancer in humans and deadly effects in birds like bald eagles. Leaded gasoline was also taken off the market due to epidemiological research, which exposed its link to brain damage in children. ‘Cynical Time’ A day after the House approved the Honest Act, the EPA Science Advisory Board Act passed 229-193, allowing industry representatives to serve without special permission, while excluding scientists whose research receives EPA funding. Doing that would prevent extreme views, according to its sponsor, Oklahoma Republican Representative Frank Lucas. “We live in a very cynical time, where people question everything the government does,’’ Lucas said in an interview. Revising the makeup of the board “creates a more balanced situation” and “will move the standard that is something closer to the middle no matter who is in charge of the federal government.” But the legislation undercuts the EPA’s mission, said Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, the ranking Democrat on the House committee overseeing the EPA. The bill “makes it easier for industry representatives with conflicts of interest to serve on advisory boards at the EPA while making it harder for scientific experts, all while slowing the regulatory process,” Johnson said in a statement. Better Data The Better Evaluation of Science and Technology Act, also called the BEST Act, aims to decrease the number of lawsuits filed against government agencies and reduce questions about the quality of underlying data in their regulations, its sponsor, Oklahoma Republican Senator James Lankford, said in a statement. Yogin Kothari of the Union of Concerned Scientists called it a “Trojan horse transparency bill” that weakens regulations by casting doubt on the science used to back them. It could have the effect of excluding newer findings, which may reveal harm undetected by older research, he said. These bills come at a time when an update of the Toxic Substances Control Act, signed into law last year, could limit the ability of states to enact regulations that are tougher than federal standards. They still must be approved by the Senate, where they could be stalled by filibusters. Household Toxins Environmentalists say they fear a stroke of a pen could eliminate the EPA’s Safer Choice program. Congress has tried to scuttle it before. The program approves household products such as laundry detergent and window cleaner that are free of hazardous substances. Companies governed by the program say they favor it. Last month, almost 200 corporations, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Procter & Gamble Co., Dow Chemical Co. and BASF, wrote to Pruitt, saying it “helps consumers, businesses, and procurement officers/purchasers to identify products that go beyond regular safety standards.” But many of the same industries that fought restrictions on DDT and leaded gasoline in the past are trying to block regulation now, said Daniel Rosenberg, senior attorney of the health and environment program at the Natural Resources Defense Council in Washington. “If a bill would make it harder for EPA to protect the public from chemicals like lead, mercury and asbestos, it’s something that no reasonable member of Congress should support,” he said. The bills are H.R. 1430 and H.R. 1341. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Young Americans Are Killing Marriage Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Student Debt Giant Navient to Borrowers: You’re on Your Own Donald Trump’s Ferrari Disappoints at Florida Auction Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Box Showcases Cloud Content Management Leadership at Box World Tour Europe, Brings Together Industry Leaders and Innovators LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today at Box World Tour Europe (BWT), Box, Inc. (NYSE: BOX), a leader in cloud content management, brought together IT industry leaders and innovators to discuss the future of work and cloud computing with hundreds of CIOs and Senior IT leaders from across Europe. BT, Google Cloud, IBM, and Slack participated in the event, sharing their perspectives and predictions on the future of work for the enterprise. More than 10 countries were represented at the event, including European business leaders from Box customers UEFA, Oxfam, Rémy Cointreau, Lagardère Sports, Kingston University London, and Surrey Heath Borough Council, among others. “Today’s enterprises are looking for simple and secure ways to bring all of their people, information and applications together to revolutionise how they work,” said Aaron Levie, Co-founder and CEO at Box. “Robust cloud content management enables the world’s largest companies to be more connected and collaborative than ever before which leads to entirely new ways of working.” BWT Europe builds on a growing international presence for Box that has seen significant momentum in the last year with the launch of European focused offerings, including Box Zones, Box KeySafe, Governance, and Binding Corporate Rules. Box and BT Steve Masters, Vice President of Customer Innovation at BT’s Global Services division, joined Aaron Levie in the keynote presentation. The companies have identified several potential areas for collaboration, including establishing cloud connectivity with Box and co-selling of Box in the market. By working together, the companies would seek to help businesses in Europe more aggressively adopt cloud technologies and collaborate across boundaries in a more global and connected way. “Our customers look to us to provide best-in-breed cloud solutions to help them achieve their digital transformation goals. This drives us to continuously innovate and seek out like-minded companies, such as Box, with whom we can collaborate,” said Steve Masters, Vice President of Customer Innovation at BT’s Global Services division. “Together, BT and Box will look to create new digital possibilities for customers, built on BT’s leading Cloud Connect infrastructure and Box’s Cloud Content Management expertise.” “BT has a history as a leader in delivering world-class IT services, and we’re delighted at the opportunity to work with them and help to bring even more companies to the cloud,” said David Benjamin, SVP and GM of EMEA, Box. BT is one of the world’s leading providers of communications services and solutions. Through its Cloud of Clouds portfolio it aims to allow customers to connect more easily and securely to the applications and data they need, at anytime and from anywhere. Future of Work At BWT, leaders from Google Cloud, IBM, and Slack, joined Box for a panel discussion on the future of work. The companies identify that the enterprise landscape is changing and new technologies are engendering completely new ways of working. “Cognitive has changed the way that employees work – whether at a small business or large enterprise. One of the reasons why, is the ability to access knowledge deep inside the company and deliver it at a moment’s notice,” said Christopher C. Crummey, World Wide Executive Director of Evangelism and Customer Experience, IBM’s Watson Work Collaboration Services. “For example, deploying Cognitive Bots to new hires can easily help them during the on-boarding process. These Cognitive Bots can allow the new hires to ask questions in natural language about topics like HR processes, IT tools, policy and procedures and expertise location and get the answer the second they need it.” “We’re on the cusp of a new era of computing. The convergence of cloud computing, increasingly powerful mobile devices, bots and artificial intelligence could bring about a step change in productivity,” said Johann Butting, Head of Sales, EMEA, Slack. “By harnessing these technologies and using them to support our simple, everyday tasks at work, we’re freeing up brainpower to solve hard problems–ones that require human creativity. The future of work is a universe in which technology delivers discreet and personalised support for everyone, and we’re excited to be part of that journey.” Box makes it easy for more than 71,000 organisations around the world to share, access, and collaborate on files securely. The company serves 64% of the Fortune 500, including global enterprises like Amadeus, AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, General Electric, P&G, Schneider Electric, Eurostar and more. About Box Box (NYSE:BOX) is the cloud content management company that empowers enterprises to revolutionise how they work by securely connecting their people, information and applications. Founded in 2005, Box powers more than 71,000 businesses globally, including AstraZeneca, General Electric, P&G, and The GAP. Box is headquartered in Redwood City, CA, with offices across the United States, Europe and Asia. To learn more about Box, visit http://www.box.com/. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gunshot Detection Systems Market, Gunshot Detection Systems Industry, Gunshot Detection Systems Market growth, Gunshot Detection Systems Market size, Gunshot Detection Systems Industry size, Gunshot Detection Systems Market analysis, Gunshot Detection Systems Market trends, Gunshot Detection Systems Industry shares, Gunshot Detection Systems Industry forecast, Gunshot Detection Systems Industry growth, Gunshot Detection Systems Market shares Next PostNext FRP Rebar Market worth over $1.25bn by 2024: Global Market Insights, Inc. Search Recent Posts Armored Vehicles Market 2017 Global Trends, Market Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 Statement from President Donald J. Trump The Secret Princess: Shocking Twist reveals Black Princess in Amazing Must-Watch Movie Full of Laughter and Teary Moments Ramtech Wins Three Awards of Distinction at the Modular Building Institute’s 2017 World of Modular Convention Wahsega Labs Launches Diet PBX Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
EDITION: Int 'l International Int 'l Bahrain BAH Kuwait KUW Oman OMN Qatar QAT Saudi Arabia KSA United Arab Emirates UAE YOU ARE NOT LOGGED IN: Services Log in Not registered? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me on this computer Login Help, I forgot my username and/or password Retrieve password form We can only send passwords to the e-mail address you're registered with. If you can not remember it, or have any other problem, please e-mail registration@arabianbusiness.com Registered e-mail adress: Retrieve password Need to register? Click here Services: Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Site News Bar Subscriptions Media Information Contact Us LANGUAGE: بالعربية All Articles Videos Photos Companies People Home GCC Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Loading... Industries Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology more Transport Travel & Hospitality Loading... Markets Equities Commodities Currencies Market Data Companies A-Z Loading... Opinion Comment Reader Comments AB Cafe Loading... Interviews Banking & Finance Construction Culture & Society Education Energy Healthcare Media Politics Real Estate more Retail Sport Technology Travel & Hospitality Transport Loading... Photos Loading... Videos Loading... Lists Loading... Lifestyle Wellness Arts Cars & Boats Gourmet Gadgets Sport Travel Style Loading... StartUp Loading... CEO Loading... Company News Loading... Property News Listings Property Index Loading... Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology Transport Travel & Hospitality ITP Live to attempt social media world record Record set to be broken at launch party on April 12 Article Photos Videos By Staff writer Tuesday, 4 April 2017 11:10 AM ITP Live is to attempt to break a Guinness World Record for social media at its launch party on April 12. The event is being held on Wednesday April 12 at the Penthouse Terrace on top of the new Viceroy Palm Jumeirah Dubai, from 7.30pm. Exact details of the world record attempt are being kept under wraps, though it is understood that officials from Guinness World Records will be in attendance at the party to adjudicate the attempt. “We can’t say precisely what it is, though it will involve everyone at the party. We are doing some final testing this week and are sure we have a decent shot at breaking the world record,” a spokesman said. The party will see many of the region’s leading social influencers in attendance, with a combined following of over 100 million. ITP Live – the social influencer agency division of ITP Media Group, was created in January this year. It has already signed 26 influencers with a reach of over 5 million. The new social influencer agency operates across the GCC and has quickly started working with brands such as DTCM and P&G. It has signed up designers, YouTube stars, business thought leaders, models, beauty ambassadors, fashionistas, an Olympian, a former global soccer star and a 15-year old sneaker aficionado. *For more information on the event contact Michael.McGill@itp.com Follow @ArabianBusiness Related: Stories The art of social media influencing It's all about transparency, say social media influencers As it happened: ITP Influencer Marketing Summit ITP Media Group on track to sign social influencers with reach of 25m, says CEO Ali Akawi ITP Live's social influencer agency announces 26 signings Galleries In pictures: ITP Influencer Marketing Summit in Dubai Videos Joelle Mardinian on how to become an influencer and grow your social media Also in Media Dubai movie distributor launches film production arm UAE radio stations relaunched after closure Also in UAE UAE mall footfalls rise, but e-commerce gaining pace Dubai launches pharma barcodes in bid to reduce mistakes Join the Discussion Disclaimer:The view expressed here by our readers are not necessarily shared by Arabian Business, its employees, sponsors or its advertisers. NOTE: Comments posted on arabianbusiness.com may be printed in the magazine Arabian Business Please post responsibly. Commenter Rules No comments yet, be the first! Add your comment (1000 characters left) 
 Your name: Email address:(will not be published) Country: All comments are subject to approval before appearing Submit Further reading Media Get E-Mail Alerts Photo Galleries Videos In pictures: Trump receives Egypt's Sisi at the White House In pictures: Bombing at St. Petersburg subway In pictures: Picasso's famous Guernica painting on display In pictures: Expo 2020 Dubai site to feature massive dome In pictures: Dubai Sheikh Mohammed visits AIM exhibition In pictures: Stunning ancient mud mosque in Agadez In pictures: Ruined museum of Mosul In pictures: Hundreds dead in Colombia mudslides In pictures: Burj Al Arab swimming competition In pictures: FBI releases 9/11 photos of the Pentagon In pictures: Rush hour on Mosul's 'displacement highway' In pictures: Thousands take part in Palestine Marathon in Bethlehem In pictures: Fire near Dubai Mall Apps every Dubai business person could use Watches Of The Month: March 2017 Revealed: Top 10 companies to work for in the UAE Video: New ancient Egyptian pyramid discovered Video: A truck that turns fuel into water Video: Apple premium TV bundle in the works? Video: Elon Musk taunts Tesla shortsellers in new tweet Video: Saudi dad fights autism through hip-hop Video: Egypt's President Sisi to meet Donald Trump Video: Bob Dylan collects Nobel Prize award Video: Go inside the 'Amazon of Japan' Video: Data centre looks like villain's lair out of James Bond Video: SpaceX makes history by re-using a rocket Video: 'Afghan Star' back on TV after Taliban attack Video: Print your pizza using this unique 3D food printer Video: China establishes itself as one of the largest Caviar producers Video: These robots will haunt your nightmares Video: Syria, Palestinian unity top Arab league summit agenda Video: UK's Theresa May vows to boost trade with Qatar Features & Analysis The art of social media influencing As social media influencers increasingly demand attention in... Digital dilemma: the future on advertising If you’re not advertising online these days, you’re not advertising... Saudi Arabia's rulers adapt message for social media age Saudi Arabia's leaders have historically courted public opinion... Most Popular Read Photos Videos Commented 1. ITP Live to attempt social media world record 2. MENA e-commerce sector 'to grow tenfold' by 2020 3. Apple prepares to open second Dubai store 4. Dubai set to enter the amazing world of Orbi 5. Review – Play, H Hotel, Dubai 1. In pictures: Expo 2020 Dubai site to feature massive dome 2. In pictures: Qatar Prime Minister meets Theresa May 3. 8 'halal' holiday destinations to visit in 2017 4. Coffee Guide: Where to get the best caffeine fix in Dubai 5. InPics: Inside the St. Regis Dubai at Al Habtoor City 1. 'Abu Dhabi was surreal': Behind the scenes filming of Star Wars in the UAE 2. Joelle Mardinian on how to become an influencer and grow your social media 1. UAE radio stations relaunched after closure 2. What does the Amazon-souq.com deal mean for traditional retail? 3. UAE announces plan to increase Emiratis working in private sector 4. DLD confirms new Dubai rent law awaiting committee nod 5. Amazon in dispute with union over Muslim prayer areas Most Discussed 24 hrs 7 days 4 weeks 4 What does the Amazon-souq.com deal mean for traditional retail? It will not be a cake walk for E Commerce in the region, as GCC is not US. There is an opportunity for retailers and Mall owners to adopt Omni channel... more Wednesday, 5 April 2017 8:51 AM - AB India 4 UAE radio stations relaunched after closure I agree with Mary. Its been a pleasure listening to music for the last few months (not always ideal music but better than inane and childish chatter)... more Wednesday, 5 April 2017 8:49 AM - roger wakeham 1 Amazon in dispute with union over Muslim prayer areas My name is Eden, I work for SIS at Amazon, thank you for covering this. We need Amazon to step in an hold SIS accountable because its not right that we... more Wednesday, 5 April 2017 8:51 AM - EdenMo Read all user comments » 11 Dubai mulls cut to speed limits on major highways Good points Big Bad Dom, the issue is poor education and lack of any kind of lane strategy. How many drivers here sit in the "middle" lane, regardless... more Monday, 3 April 2017 8:34 AM - Ricardo 8 Focus: 'Amazon did not come to the region for Souq.com alone' Hopefully this will put a stop to all of the fakes. more Sunday, 2 April 2017 12:41 PM - David 7 Amazon clinches deal to buy Middle East online retailer Souq.com I hope the old very poor customer service which has caused me to drop souq.com would not be carried over and amazon culture will rub off with the new company... more Thursday, 30 March 2017 8:14 AM - turk971 Read all user comments » 56 Tell me again exactly how Dubai has hurt you? "Ask not what Dubai can do for you, ask what you can do for Dubai" (with apologies to JFK) more Sunday, 26 March 2017 8:30 AM - Tony Gray 19 Telephone banking in Dubai is about as frustrating as it gets Yes right, banking services here are not up to levels of developed countries let alone telephone services, but great deal of effort is visible in improving... more Sunday, 26 March 2017 4:42 PM - Diya Pardasani 13 Welcome to the life of one of the UAE’s defence and real estate moguls He does participate in philanthropic activities. I looked it up. more Sunday, 26 March 2017 12:36 PM - Anthony Wilson Read all user comments » Visit other ITP Media Group sites AhlanLive.com ArabianBusiness.com/Arabic ArabianBusiness.com/Jobs ArabianBusiness.com/property ArabianIndustry.com ArabianOilAndGas.com ArabianSupplyChain.com ArabianTravelNews.net AviationBusinessME.com CommsMEA.com ConstructionWeekOnline.com ConstructionWeekOnline.in DesignMENA.com DigitalStudiome.com HotelierIndia.com HotelierMiddleeast.com ITP.com ITP.net (English / Arabic) Khabarkhaleeji.com Masala.com TimeOutAbuDhabi.com TimeOutBahrain.com TimeOutDubai.com (English / Arabic) TimeOutDoha.com TimeoutTickets.com Utilities-ME.com VivaMagazine.ae Associated Events Arabian Business Conference Arabian Business Kuwait Awards Architect Awards Arabian Business Awards, KSA, 2010 Arabian Business Women’s Forum CEO Middle East Awards CW Awards FM Awards Hotelier Awards MEP Awards StartUp Academy Supply Chain and Transport Awards Time Out Dubai Nightlife Awards Time Out Restaurant Awards (Abu Dhabi / Dubai) Subscriptions Magazines E-newsletters RSS Feeds » Banking & Finance Construction Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Technology Energy Media Retail Healthcare Education Transport Topics Topics Press Releases All Press Releases Tenders in the Middle East Tenders in the Middle East Join us on Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Subscribe Media kit Advertise With Us Press Releases
