Sign in Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Sign in / Join Archives About Ghana Forums Contact Us Radio Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. News Ghana Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Home World News Developed Economies US-China relations serves as a catalyst in the business community World News Developed Economies US-China relations serves as a catalyst in the business community Apr 11, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet P&G CEO: Business community works as stabilizer and propeller in US-China relation By Zhang Niansheng, People’s Daily People’ Daily: Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet with President Trump at Mar-a-lago from April 6 to 7. Do you have any expectations for the incoming high level visit? David Taylor: Strong, constructive trade and diplomatic relations are critical to the success of China, the United States and P&G. We share a common aspiration for social mobility and economic prosperity. And we share a common commitment to fostering an environment where free and fair competition thrives, markets grow and innovation flourishes. I’m encouraged the leaders of the world’s two largest economies are creating a relationship based on trust, integrity and passion for winning. The challenges we face are real and the solutions are neither simple nor easy. However, I am confident the mutual desire to best serve the citizens of both countries will steer us towards lasting solutions that benefit China, the USA and the global economy. People’ Daily: You have been dealing with China and witnessing the development of US-China relationships for a long time, how would you like to outline some cases or examples which lead to closer cooperation between the US and China? David Taylor: As a corporate citizen of both countries, it is incumbent upon P&G to help build bridges and contribute to economic growth and job creation in our two countries. In fact, P&G’s entry into China nearly 30 years ago, as the country was beginning to open to the West, reflects our long-standing commitment to serving Chinese consumers. Indeed our progress, the result of investments totaling $1.8B USD, can be seen across the country, not just in the products in the homes of Chinese consumers, but in the 17 manufacturing plants and distribution centers that supply these products, employing more than 7000 people and supporting hundreds of other Chinese businesses to support the Chinese economy. This investment in international trade supports jobs in the US as well. In fact, 1 in 5 of P&G’s US-based jobs support our international business in areas such as marketing, innovation and supply chain management. China’s tremendous success story, of dynamic growth and economic development, is one that I personally witnessed when I first worked in China in the late 1990’s and that is immediately visible every time I visit the country. It is testament to both the resilience and bright future that lies ahead with continued investment, innovation and reform. P&G benefits from a constructive US-China relationship and we need US and Chinese government policies that view this critical relationship in a balanced way. This calls for a thoughtful and measured approach to resolving issues, recognizing the interdependence of the world’s largest economies, and our impact on the global economy. As Ambassador Cui and I discussed, the business community plays an important role as a “stabilizer and a propeller” in the US-China relationship. Promoting and advocating for a constructive US-China relationship is important to me in my role at P&G and the US-China Business Council, and a shared interest among many American and Chinese leaders I’ve met with including Vice Premier Wang Yang and China’s Ambassador Cui Tiankai. People’ Daily: People are worrying about the trade war between our two countries, how do you interpret the significance of trade to US-China relationship development? David Taylor : Trade is equally important to both China and the US and has been an important driver of the positive relationship our countries have long enjoyed. Simply put, a trade war would hurt both Chinese and American consumers and potentially damage the global economy. As with any economic relationship, there are always challenges and opportunities. I believe it is important to address these tensions with calm and reasoned dialogue, avoiding escalation. China is a fast-paced, dynamic and globally connected marketplace. Chinese consumers are increasingly demanding and discerning – seeking recognized, high quality brands. This is even more evident today than it was when I worked in China nearly 20 years ago. P&G benefits from US-China trade. China is P&G’s second largest market and P&G’s success in China is critical to P&G’s success globally. We are proud of P&G’s role as one of the largest consumer products companies in China. However, our role and the role of business is beyond simple economic self interest. P&G has driven consumption and positive competition via innovation and contributed to the development of China’s consumer goods industry. We share best practice and experiences in manufacturing, R&D, sales, management and talent development, which in turn benefits the growth of local Chinese companies. As bilateral relations are tested in these times of uncertainty, P&G is stepping up to tell our story of success in China and to encourage constructive, mutually respectful and open dialogue as the means to resolve differing points of view. People’ Daily: As a successful entrepreneur, what is your idea on the significance of US-China relations? David Taylor : Our Company was founded with a handshake between a candle maker and a soap maker who believed that everyday products could and should be of the highest quality, and sold honestly. We still create products with that handshake in mind. This foundation of trust between leaders and nations serves as an enduring model and one I’m confident will be embraced by President Xi and President Trump. Do you have more to share about this story - photos or video etc - you can send them to: (newsghana101@gmail.com) TAGS Ambassador Cui Tiankai David Taylor Economic Prosperity International Investment social mobility Trade United States Vice Premier Wang Yang SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleTrump’s Tenure of Office Could Thrive on Firm Sino-China Relationship Next articleFinnish and Chinese authorities promote future oriented partnership News Ghana RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Worldwide PC shipments up, 1st time in 5 years China and US to Establish New Era of Realistic Collaboration Finnish and Chinese authorities promote future oriented partnership Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Recent Posts Worldwide PC shipments up, 1st time in 5 years Brazil arrests former Rio health secretary for bribery Ghanaian president named advocate for UN Sustainable Development Goals Hundreds of migrants under “slave market” conditions in North Africa Dublin Port records 4.2 percent growth in first quarter BREAKING NEWS Xi and Trump agree meeting “positive, fruitful” Palestinian vehicular attack leaves 2 hurt, assailant shot dead Blast hits Russian city of Rostov-on-Don, 1 wounded Pakistan : Immediately release Dr. Riaz Ahmed ABOUT USNews Ghana is Ghana’s leading online news publication for business executives in West Africa and around the continent. Tel: +233 244244807 Contact us: newsghana101@gmail.com FOLLOW US Home Advertising About Us About Ghana Contact Us Partners Privacy & Cookies © 2017 News Ghana
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 3:03 A.M. ET Daimler profit up 87%, on Mercedes-Benz cars boost 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.3% higher at 12,176 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's Fraport takes over 14 Greek airports 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,114.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,372.36 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 381.88 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Manufacturers Unite to Shape the Future of Augmented Reality By Published: Apr 11, 2017 8:10 a.m. ET Share 65 Organizations Develop First Global AR Functional Requirements for Industry; Lockheed Martin, Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble Lead Effort CHICAGO & WAKEFIELD, Mass., Apr 11, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- UI LABS and The Augmented Reality for Enterprise Alliance (AREA) announced today the release of the world's first augmented reality (AR) hardware and software functional requirements guidelines, which will help AR technology companies develop products for industrial users. These AR functional requirements documents will lead to technology that improves the performance and efficiency for manufacturers in a number of areas, including employee training and safety; factory floor and field services operations; machine assembly, inspection and repair; manufacturing space and product design; and much more. Lockheed Martin, Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble initiated the guidelines development process as part of a project through the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute (DMDII), a UI LABS collaboration. Recently, 65 organizations — including industry, AR providers, universities, and government agencies — came together for a workshop to offer insight into their challenges and needs to further develop the guidelines. Augmented reality superimposes computer-generated content on a user’s view of the real world, using glasses, headsets or tablets to provide a composite view. Unlike virtual reality, which creates a totally artificial environment, AR retains the existing environment and displays new information on top of it. The global AR market is expected to exceed $95 billion USD by 2023, according to a recent Credence Research report. Big Market Research reports that the global augmented reality and virtual reality gear market will grow at a compound annual growth rate of 37.45% between 2017-2021. “Augmented reality has immense potential to transform manufacturing, and early adopters are seeing impressive productivity and quality improvements,” said Thomas McDermott, executive director of DMDII. “However, wide adoption of this technology requires collaboration among the industrial companies operating on the front lines and the AR providers designing solutions to ensure the technology under development meets the needs of industry.” The AREA, a membership-funded alliance helping to accelerate the adoption of enterprise AR, will be responsible for the ongoing development, maintenance and updating of the documents produced through this initiative. “For the first time, industry — both suppliers and users in the AR space — will have access to a benchmark set of requirements that will help them develop a roadmap and source, select, evaluate and deploy augmented reality solutions,” said Mark Sage, executive director of AREA. “These functional requirements will be used to help continue the development of the AR ecosystem, and AREA is looking forward to communicating and driving future changes.” Groundbreaking AR Functional Requirements and Workshop The functional requirements were created in March at the DMDII workshop, whose participants included the three project leads — Lockheed Martin, Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble — along with Microsoft, General Electric, Rolls-Royce, Dow Chemical, Intel, the US Air Force, Stanley Black & Decker, Johnson & Johnson, Newport News Shipbuilding, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, DAQRI, Upskill, Optech 4D, ScopeAR, IQagent, Six 15 and Real Wear along with others. The documents address features that include: Hardware: Battery Life; Connectivity; Field of View; On-board Storage; On-board Operating System; Environmental; Inputs/Outputs and Safety. Software: Authoring; AR Content; Creating 3D Content; Deployment of AR Content and Internet of Things. About UI LABS and DMDII UI LABS brings University + Industry together with startups and government to collaborate on problems too big for any one organization to solve on its own. UI LABS is building a portfolio of applied research and commercialization innovation platforms that improve its partners’ competitiveness and financial performance, and transform entire industries. Across its current platforms, UI LABS has more than 300 members from industry, government, community organizations, and academic and research institutions. Learn more at uilabs.org. In February 2014, UI LABS announced the formation of its first innovation platform, the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute (DMDII), in partnership with the Department of Defense, to transform American manufacturing through the digitization of the supply chain. DMDII’s goal is to provide U.S. factories with the tools, software and expertise they need to build things more efficiently, less expensively, and more quickly, so they can win more business and bring jobs back to the United States. Learn more at dmdii.org. About the AREA The AREA supports innovative companies aspiring to invest in AR who need a better understanding of the tools available, application possibilities, methods of implementation and return on investment. It provides a free and open exchange of best practices, lessons learned, and technological insights which can help enterprises effectively implement AR technology, boost operational efficiency and create long term benefit. Discover the benefits of joining the AREA by visiting our membership information page. More information about the AREA is available at http://www.thearea.org or info@thearea.org. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170411005298/en/ SOURCE: The Augmented Reality for Enterprise Alliance"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@theareaorg UI LABS Katie Mulligan, +1-312-281-6876 katie.mulligan@uilabs.org or Augmented Reality for Enterprise Alliance: Virtual, Inc. Bob Olson, +1-781-876-8839 rolson@virtualmgmt.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Burmese Site News Business Environment Health Media Politics Lifestyle Culture Sport Travel & Tourism Society Opinion & Analysis Interview Video Photos Features Advertise Visit us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Lead Story Natural resources News World Vision, P&G present clean water solutions (File photo: WikiCommons) By THE BANGKOK POST 11 April 2017 Print Tweet Email This Story : Your Name Your Email Reciever Email Your Message Send Story This article was republished courtesy of Bangkok Post In Hlaing Tharyar Township of Rangoon, dirty water has been a problem for a long time. Local residents like Aung Soe Min have to buy drinking water from shops, resulting in a substantial financial burden. “There is a dirty water problem here because we are living on the outskirts of the city. We pay 350 kyat (25 US cents) for a bottle of drinking water,” said Aung Soe Min, 33, a day labourer who was among 200 local residents who joined an event to mark World Water Day on 22 March at a local temple. The event was organised by World Vision International and the Procter & Gamble (P&G) Children’s Safe Drinking Water (CSDW) programme, which aims to bring clean drinking water to those who lack access. This year marks the 25th anniversary of World Water Day, a UN-sponsored event held annually on 22 March to raise awareness about the importance of fresh water and to advocate for sustainable management of water resources. Each year, World Water Day addresses a specific aspect of fresh water. This year, the theme is wastewater. “Clean water is vital to your health and communities,” Moe Thu, associate director of humanitarian and emergency affairs with World Vision International in Burma, told the gathering of local residents at the event in Rangoon, officially known as Yangon. “There are nearly 200,000 people living in this area. We really want to help all of you to have access to clean water which is important to your health.” World Vision has been working with P&G in providing clean and purified water in emergencies since 2008. The non-profit organisation aims to ensure the health and wellbeing of children and families in Burma during the time of greatest need. At the World Water Day event it gave out P&G Purifier of Water packets to local residents so that they could make clean drinking water for themselves. P&G launched the CSDW in 2004. The programme’s scientists invented P&G Purifier of Water in partnership with the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Each four-gramme sachet contains a powdered mixture that removes pathogenic microorganisms and suspended matter, making previously contaminated water clean. Mr Moe Thu demonstrated how easy the system is to use. With only a bucket, a spoon, a cloth and a P&G sachet, one can purify 10 litres of dirty water in only half an hour to provide enough drinking water for a family of five for one day. P&G has a long history of improving lives in Burma, starting with relief efforts after Cyclone Nargis in 2008 when it joined with other partners to provide over 30 million litres of clean drinking water to disaster victims. Since 2011, the company has worked with World Vision, and in 2013 Chelsea Clinton travelled to Burma on behalf of the Clinton Foundation to celebrate the delivery of 6 billion litres of clean water by the CSDW programme worldwide. This year, P&G aims to donate 750,000 days’ worth of drinking water along with training sessions, health and hygiene promotion for mothers and children through World Vision Myanmar, providing clean drinking water to those who need it most. Mr Aung Soe Min said he was surprised to see that a little bit of powder could make dirty water clean and drinkable. “We’re happy with this [CSDW] programme. We hope that we will not have to buy clean drinking water again soon,” he said. His 37-year-old wife Ni Ni Win said bottled water was expensive in Burma. “I think I can save a lot of money. I will use the powder to clean our water every day. All people depend on clean drinking water,” she said. Kannika Jarusuraisin, external relations director for Thailand, Burma and Laos with P&G Trading (Thailand), said the company had been working closely with World Vision and the US Embassy in Myanmar to help provide clean water. “We are delighted that we are a part of this project in Myanmar where many people in remote areas have difficulty obtaining access to clean water. So this project is vital to their health and quality of living,” said Ms Kannika. Kristen Bauer, deputy chief of mission of the US embassy, said American companies were proud to be contributing to the development of quality of life and communities in Burma. Related Stories Tenasserim tin mine allegedly pollutes creek Australian firm expects Karenni mining permit approved soon Arakan petition calls for local control of resources “And I think the P&G programme allows people to have clean water which is significant to life. The programme is very helpful, especially I would say for women and the whole family. Women in particular are responsible for children, their food and water. The programme will help them access clean water more quickly,” Ms Bauer said. Mr Moe Thu said that during the dry season from mid-April to the end of June, many people have difficulty getting clean water, especially those living in remote areas. With the CSDW programme, he said, they can use water from natural sources, add the powder and stir, and within 30 minutes they have clean and drinkable water. He acknowledged that some residents asked him whether there would be side effects from drinking water treated with the powder. But he assured them that if they followed the instructions there would be no problem. “During a disaster they have no other choices. They have to drink clean water,” he added. Irina Bokova, director-general of the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), said most human activities produce wastewater and over 80 percent of the world’s wastewater is released to the environment without treatment. “This cannot go on,” she said, calling on people to limit the discharge of untreated wastewater into nature. “This not only saves lives and strengthens healthy ecosystems. It can help advance sustainable growth.” Access to safe water and sanitation services is essential to human rights and dignity, and the survival of women and men across the world, especially the most disadvantaged, noted Ms Bokova. It is vital for progress under the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, as water links all 17 Sustainable Development Goals and their interconnected targets, she added.   This article was republished courtesy of Bangkok Post Tags: hygienenatural resourcesriverssanitationwastewaterwater Previous story UWSA warns of action after police raid Lashio office Next story Suu Kyi’s office issues Water Festival warning Related Stories Tenasserim tin mine allegedly pollutes creek Australian firm expects Karenni mining permit approved soon Arakan petition calls for local control of resources Metal contamination on Chindwin River ‘dangerously high’ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Opinion & Analysis Ethnic communities protest dams risking lives, cultures and environments By LEENA ZIEGER Rethinking Burma’s waterways through Foucault’s biopolitics By KYUNGMEE KIM On marriage equality and the state of Burma’s Union By SALAI ZA UK LING Featured StoryRangoon trash alley gets a makeover More : Environment Rangoon trash alley gets a makeover Wild Thai tiger cub footage sparks hope for endangered species Reservoir leakage rumours spark fears in Pyay Burmese govt pledges conservation efforts at Inle Lake Govt, conservationists unveil elephant protection plan In Photos gallery Inside one of Kachin State’s newest IDP camps gallery Interview: Migrants ‘need to tell their story’ gallery Life with hard labour Home Lead Story World Vision, P&G present clean water solutions News Business Environment Health Media Politics Analysis Photos Video About Contact Privacy Policy Donate – Support our work! Advertise Visit us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter © Copyright 2013 DVB Multimedia Group
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune As the sun rises in the east, a partial lunar eclipse sets in the west, creating a "selenelion" effect. Photo: Brian Peterson/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev 10-day closure for Surdyk's, $6,000 fine for Sunday opening FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Former manager to Lady Gaga named adviser to Prince's estate More than half of Mpls. council backs $15-an-hour minimum wage Republicans survive election scare, win Kansas House seat Family wins right to sue senior home over death of Minnesota man For Wild's top veterans, window for playoff success may be closing Bill O'Reilly to take vacation amid sexual harassment scandal Timberwolves unveil new logo and team colors FAA shows off new air-traffic communications at MSP United CEO orders review amid outrage over passenger's violent removal next Business 419205074 P&G's top brand executive says digital advertising needs to mature He criticized the thousands of low-quality ads that bombard people every day online.  By SAPNA MAHESHWARI New York Times April 11, 2017 — 10:23pm Richard Drew &#x2022; Associated Press Proctor & Gamble Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard said, “The entire murky, nontransparent and in some cases fraudulent supply chain is the problem.” Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Marc S. Pritchard, chief brand officer of Procter & Gamble, has become the face of marketers’ frustrations with digital advertising this year. His message to the industry: Grow up. With the clout that comes with overseeing marketing for one of the world’s largest advertisers — one that includes household brands like Gillette, Tide and Crest — Pritchard has taken the stage at several industry events since January to demand more transparency and simplicity from the ad agencies and technology companies in regard to how online ad views are measured, how many people see them and with what kind of content they are appearing. Those Pritchard has criticized include web giants Facebook and Google, which brands depend on to reach people online. He repeated his calls last week at a conference conducted by the American Association of Advertising Agencies, a trade group known as the 4A’s, criticizing the thousands of low-quality ads that bombard people every day online. The New York Times talked with Pritchard about the challenges in today’s advertising marketplace. The interview has been edited and condensed for clarity. Q: What is the biggest problem here? A: The entire murky, nontransparent and in some cases fraudulent supply chain is the problem. It’s a bigger problem than just any one thing. There’s too much we don’t know and we don’t have validated. Ads showing up on objectionable sites, that’s bad. Ads showing up to bots, through searching, that’s bad. Ads that you place that don’t really get measured by a third party that validates what’s right — that’s not so good, either. There’s a number of things in the digital media supply chain — even ads that aren’t viewable or close to viewable. Photos by Steve Helber &#x2022; AP Proctor & Gamble is one of the world’s largest advertisers, with such brands as Downy and Crest.   Q: What will cleaning this up do? A: What that will enable us all to do is make logical, data-based, reasonable decisions and, most importantly, spend time on what’s really important, which is great creativity to drive growth. At the basis of this whole point is we’re not growing enough as an industry and the markets aren’t growing enough, so we need to spend time on products and packaging and shopping experiences and advertising to drive growth.   Q: How have technology companies, in particular, responded? A: There are a lot of people that have come up to us and said thanks for calling this stuff out because we’ve been feeling the same way. It’s a lot of players out there saying we really need to make sure that we know what we’re getting, because at the end of the day, it’s a business. All we’re really asking for is here’s what we’re paying for, validate that we’re getting it, so we can then evaluate whether it’s a good deal.   Q: How does the controversy around brands’ ads showing up next to offensive content on YouTube fit into this? A: Right now, obviously, a big thing is if it’s showing up in content we want to be associated with. That’s one piece of it, but the other piece of it is, is it showing up in a place where people are actually viewing it? So, is it a bot or is it a person? Is it showing up in a place where there’s enough traffic for it to be worth it? Those are really the kinds of questions everybody’s asking, because what you’re really trying to figure out is, where do you want to focus your money to be able to get the most awareness, the most effectiveness, and with the greatest level of efficiency.   Q: The issues around brands running on offensive websites and YouTube videos seem like a big departure from the days of P&G funding soap operas and family-oriented shows. A: The interesting thing about the TV model was that it was free programming paid for by advertisers. I mean, that was it, and radio was the same way. So you get this service for free, but the only price you have to pay is advertising, and that funded it, and that’s essentially what has happened in the digital world. The digital advertising world brought with it user-generated content, and that’s really the big shift, because before, the programs were created by content producers.   Q: Many in the industry have been forecasting the death of “interruptive advertising.” Does that mean TV commercials are going to go away? A: It’ll all be based on consumer behavior. On TV, people are accustomed to having a commercial interruption. The better networks find ways to make it less interruptive so it’s a better viewing experience. We’re certainly looking for sites where you may have an ad, but it’s not annoying, because you’ve seen this, on some of the ads, pop-ups come, load time takes forever — it’s all that kind of stuff. We’d rather have a better viewing experience and look for those that can do that. But then there’s some, like the Hulus and Netflix, where they don’t have advertising but we’re still working with them to figure out how we can get at least our brand impressions there. So I think there will be innovations in how advertising is done. FILE - In this April 27, 2011 file photo, Procter & Gamble products sit on display at a Target store in Richmond, Va. The maker of Gillette razors and Crest toothpaste saw a stronger dollar contribute to an 8 percent drop in sales this week of April 23, 2015. (AP Photo/Steve Helber, File) ORG XMIT: NY121 Even if you think about the news feed that occurs with Facebook and even a lot of the YouTube videos, you’re talking two or three seconds. So that has created innovation in how we do advertising … There’s just clever ways where you can do things and get your brand top of mind in a few seconds.   Q: JPMorgan Chase recently told the New York Times that it will advertise on only 5,000 websites and 1,000 YouTube channels, all picked by humans. Can you share how many sites and channels P&G runs on? A: I’m not ready to go there yet.   View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Trying to watch the Wild and Twins on TV? You might be out of luck Former Minneapolis fitness trainer killed in shooting at Miami gym Sexting with student lands Burnsville High teacher in jail C.J.: WCCO-TV's original 'Good Question' anchor Ben Tracy is headed to China for CBS News What the repeal of federal online privacy rules means for you Delayed Obama-era financial rule transforms mutual fund industry Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info Robo-adviser Betterment adds the human touch More From Business Business 12:35am United pledges to review policies on removal of passengers After people were horrified by video of a passenger getting dragged off a full United Express flight by airport police, the head of United's parent company said the airline was reaching out to the man to "resolve this situation." Variety April 11 Wheels to Watch: Dodge unleashes Demon with 840 horsepower Dodge has unleashed the Demon. The Fiat Chrysler brand is laying claim to the fastest production car in the U.S. The Demon Challenger is a freaky-fast 840-horsepower gasoline burner. It can go from zero to 60 (97 kilometers per hour) in 2.3 seconds. That beats the Tesla Model S P100D sedan, which hits 60 in 2.5 seconds. Dodge used explosions, burnouts and a small drag strip to roll out the car ahead of the New York International Auto Show press days. The company even brought in Fast and Furious star Vin Diesel for effect. The street-legal Demon also can hit 140 mph while running a quarter mile in 9.65 seconds, about two seconds faster than a typical muscle car. It's available in the fall. National April 11 Yahoo accused of mismanaging fund for dissidents in China A lawsuit accused Yahoo of breaking a financial promise it made to Chinese dissidents almost a decade ago as penance for helping the Chinese government find and jail other activists. Business April 11 Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. Business April 11 United CEO issues apology, calls removal 'truly horrific' After people were horrified by video of a passenger getting dragged off a full United Express flight by airport police, the head of United's parent company said the airline was reaching out to the man to "resolve this situation." Top Stories 10-day closure for Surdyk's, $6,000 fine for Sunday opening Apr. 11 FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Apr. 11 Former manager to Lady Gaga named adviser to Prince's estate Apr. 11 Most Read Sun Country to name each plane after a Minnesota lake • Business United CEO orders review amid outrage over passenger's violent removal • Business Supervalu to buy California-based cooperative Unified Grocers for $375 million • Business United Airlines lambasted on social media over customer service fiasco • Business New patio furniture outlet takes on Pottery Barn and Frontgate • Business World Germany: Pregame blasts rock soccer team bus; player injured Bombardment in Iraq's Mosul takes heavy toll on civilians Nation Former Minneapolis fitness trainer killed in shooting at Miami gym Jets zip through narrow Star Wars Canyon, drawing visitors Politics FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Republicans survive election scare, win Kansas House seat markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild For Wild's top veterans, window for playoff success may be closing Souhan: With 1-7 record in Game 7s, Boudreau has earned doubts Twins Pitching, yes. Hitting, no. Twins lose despite Santiago's strong outing Pass the Lysol: Twins make sure clubhouse, hotel clear of germs Wolves Reusse: For Wolves, new looks rarely lead beyond old results Festive home finale turns frustrating for Wolves in loss to OKC Celebrities Bill O'Reilly to take vacation amid sexual harassment scandal J. Geils, 'Centerfold' musician, dies at age 71 Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Minnesotans get applications in fast to volunteer for 2018 Super Bowl poll Poll: Who will win the Wild-Blues playoff series? 10,000 Takes How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings How the 1987 Minnesota Twins helped me grieve my father Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Minnesota Somali-American taking modeling world by storm 02:13 Nineteen-year-old Halima Aden's dramatic ascent has taken her from cleaning ... Taste Norway's Waffle Queen cooks up Nordic empire in Minneapolis This brunch menu is perfect for spring, and features the words 'caramel' and 'bacon' StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Paul Wells Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Why a fancy, feel-good women’s summit is what the world needed Women of power, influence and—yes—privilege gathered recently in Manhattan. As Anne Kingston writes, their show of strength could not be more timely. Anne Kingston April 11, 2017 Follow @anne_kingston Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Brown and Clinton on stage at the summit; Clinton took questions from journalist Nicolas Kristof, far right. (Michael Loccisano/Getty Images) From a distance, the three-day Women in the World Summit that ended last Friday in New York City was ripe for satiric take-down. Tom Wolfe, in his “Radical Chic” heyday, would have gone to town. Corporate sponsorship, or “Femvertising,” was ubiquitous—from the Toyota Prius with “Mothers of Invention” on its side parked outside Lincoln Center’s David H. Koch Theater to the snacks and beverages provided by PepsiCo. Employees of other sponsors—MasterCard, Procter & Gamble, AT&T among them—popped up to discuss their company’s commitment to women’s advancement. The list of marquee feminists was impressive—Hillary Clinton, Scarlett Johansson, Queen Latifah, Justin Trudeau. “VIP access” signs revealed a class system at work. So did ticket prices ranging from $50 to $350. A “Women in the World” boutique in the lobby run by the Tory Burch Foundation sold items made by women in developing countries—$79  baskets, $150 earrings, $22 bracelets. “Guilt-free shopping!” Tina Brown, the famed editor turned “Women in the World” founder and host told a packed house. Up close, the event, which drew women of all ages and ethnicities (though mostly Caucasian), elicited more complex feelings. The summit, live-streamed and  available to all online, is part of a thriving “empowerment feminism” industry; women’s conferences and award shows have become so common we’re approaching gridlock (Arianna Huffington, who appeared several times onstage, runs the annual event, “Thrive”). Their inspirational messaging and affluent audience are catnip to corporate sponsors who see the circuit offering more branding bang than traditional media advertising. For women, they provide the networking ops men have enjoyed for centuries. So, yes, the summit was a fancy, well-produced, often self-congratulatory, feel-good exercise. Yes, the commercial imperative meant deeper systemic issues were glossed over or given short shrift. But we’re at a juncture where feel-good and inspiration is in short supply. Fear and anger is mounting. The Women’s March on Washington, and its international counterparts, revealed revitalization of women-lead activism. As New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof put it in his interview with Hillary Clinton, the summit’s highlight: “Young women were galvanized by your loss in way they weren’t by your campaign.” Cecile Richards, president of Planned Parenthood, an organization the Trump administration wants to defund, made a similar point. “Women are ‘woke’ in this country,” she told Katie Couric. That’s reflected in the crowd this year’s Women in the World summit. At the first one Brown threw in 2010, she scrambled to fill a small theatre and find sponsors. Tickets were free. RELATED: The most chilling image from the Trump-Trudeau visit This year’s summit dovetailed with the end of a bad week for women’s rights. Earlier, the Trump administration announced it would stop funding the UN agency that provides family planning in 150 countries. On April 4, “Equal Pay Day,” Trump repealed Obama’s Fair Pay Order giving protections for women workers. The president also took time to defend Bill O’Reilly as a “good person” after it was revealed the Fox News star settled five sexual harassment lawsuits from co-workers for some $13 million. The privileged event provided a needed shot of adrenaline and connectivity. It served as a platform for accomplished activists, artists, CEOs, politicians, journalists, celebrities, and whistleblowers to talk about their work and offer perspective. Twenty-seven panels covered a dizzying range of topics—from human trafficking to exposing barbaric treatment of refugees in offshore Australian detention camps to combatting ageism to doing journalism in a repressive regime to female activism in Muslim countries. The audience heard from brave women. Evgenia Kara-Murza, wife of Vladimir Kara-Murza, the Russian pro-democracy activist and Putin critic who’s recovering from his second poisoning spoke of the risks they both take. There were revelations of unthinkable horror. Shireen Ibrahim, a Yazidi woman who survived being enslaved by ISIS in Iraq, told the shocking story of how a pregnant friend’s stomach was slashed,  the female fetus removed, then raped before the mother was also raped. The audience gasped in disbelief. American spoken-word poet Iasia Sweeting delivered a stunning performance, before describing being kidnapped, raped, starved and tortured for four years by a man in Georgia; she gave birth alone to two children. Now an activist about to attend university, the 24-year-old credited her survival to her love of writing and Christian faith. Asked what advice she would give others in pain or suffering, she said: “I always remind myself that just like I can cry, I can also smile, and that I’m still here to be able to smile.” Discussions were engaging and thought-provoking. “I want girls to reject ‘likability’,” Nigerian writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, author of We Should All Be Feminists, announced. On a panel about upending ageism, Teen Vogue editor Elaine Welteroth noted that while older women face the most pernicious ageism, younger women aren’t exempt: the big reason their story “Donald Trump is Gaslighting America” by Lauren Duca was an online sensation, she said, was because people were so shocked that a magazine for teenage girls was interested in trenchant political analysis (Welteroth also announced the magazine was launching an online political program, “Thigh-High Politics,” the title a defiant up-yours to Fox News’s Tucker Carlson, who told Duca she should stick to “writing about thigh-high boots”). The message that sexism persists and women’s progress is not as advanced as assumed came through loud and clear. Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland’s first minister, talked about that notorious  front-page photo of her with British PM Theresa May, as well as Brexit, climate change and the sexism female political leaders face. She also shot down the sexist presumption that women in power are all the same: “It’s not enough to be a woman leader, you have to do the right thing with it,” she said. Former Fox News anchor Gretchen Carlson, who successfully sued Fox’s founder Roger Ailes for sexual harassment, sat on a panel that discussed lack of legislation to protect people dealing with workplace harassment. “In 2017, every damn women has a story and we have to change that,” Carlson said. When asked whether people should should report abuse to HR, Carlson’s lawyer Nancy Erika Smith was caustic: “Only call HR if you would call the KGB to report on Putin.” A repeated theme was how necessary it was for men to join the fight. Yet men were scarce, on panels and in the audience. Queen Latifah, a face of Cover Girl cosmetics who sat on the panel about advertising, pointed out that boys face gender stereotyping, too. “We have to think about our young men,” she said. “We can take some of the pressure off guys to be so linear.” But the conversation went no further. Trudeau’s talking points—now familiar to Canadian women—went over well in his discussion with Tina Brown (THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick) Women standing in the long line-ups to the women’s washroom joked they should use the men’s because it was empty (when some tried, they were shooed out by staff). There were a few exceptions. Trudeau’s now-boilerplate, pro-feminist declarations thrilled the audience.  In a sit-down with actor and writer Sarah Jones, actor John Leguizamo (a last-minute sub for Lena Dunham) told women not wait for men. “Men are too slow evolving,” he said, which is a cop-out. Brendan Cox, husband of slain British Labour MP Jo Cox who sat on a panel about white supremacy,” seemed damned evolved. He talked about the effect his wife’s death had on their boys, and called for people to stop applying “populist” to political leaders who incite hatred. “They’re racists,” he said. The conference showcased a new commercial face of the resistance. That corporations understand its smart business to affiliate themselves with, and even abet, women’s advancement, is seen by many as progress. Toyota, the summit’s chief sponsor, was front and centre awarding the winners of its “Women of Invention” program which funds female entrepreneurs doing innovative work. Yet big brands are also controversy-averse, which was also apparent in the program. For all the talk of “bad-ass women” and “disruption” and the need to “piss off” people, there wasn’t much debate. (One refreshing exception: a heated discussion on the rise of Islamic extremism in France between activist Samia Hathroubi and Zineb El Rhazoui, a journalist whose colleagues were killed in the attack on Charlie Hebdo.) READ MORE: Trudeau takes his greatest feminist hits to Broadway Ironically, the biggest headlines to emerge from the event focused on women criticizing other women: Scarlett Johansson, who portrayed Ivanka Trump recently in a faux perfume ad on Saturday Night Live,  said she was baffled and disappointed by the president’s daughter’s behaviour. The first night, Nikki Haley, a Trump-appointed Ambassador to the UN, was booed by the audience when defending the president. A more critical lens on occasion would have been welcome. Billionaire Zhang Xin, China’s premier property magnate, told her remarkable rags-to-riches story, making the country sound like a feminist Utopia when it is not. Tina Brown’s interview with Trudeau included a video clip of him winning that famous boxing match with Senator Patrick Brazeau. It would have been the perfect moment to ask the PM how he reconciled his much-publicized feminism with the fact his political rise was driven by a calculated display of machismo. Gillian Tett of the Financial Times was more probing as the moderator of a panel with Ajay Banga of MasterCard, an event sponsor, and Kristalina Georgieva, the first female CEO of the World Bank. They discussed their  joint initiative designed to give millions of women in the developing world access to financial networks and a identity via a chip-encoded cash card. Tett questioned Banga about motive: “You’re not running a charity,” she said. Using cards means there will be less “inefficient” cash in circulation, he answered, while tethering the brand to female emancipation: “We need MasterCard to deliver this dignity.” Unfortunately there wasn’t time to talk about systemic financial inequities facing women closer to home, including the fact women carry  twice as much credit card debt as men. The financial benefits of gender-equity and need for realistic depictions of women in advertising was a recurrent theme. Gender bias and objectification of women is bad for business, the crowd heard during a week that saw both Pepsi and Nivea pull ads due to public backlash and advertisers flee Fox News  following news about O’Reilly. P&G’s Marc Pritchard noted ads that portrayed women and girls accurately had a “26-percent higher purchase intent.” The need is there, Madonna Badger, CEO of Badger & Winters, and founder of #WomenNotObjects, said; she spoke of one study that found young girls would rather have cancer than be fat. AT&T chief brand officer Fiona Carter talked about how women make 85 per cent of purchasing decisions, which means they can effect change by supporting businesses that promote equality. She boasted about a new AT&T ad featuring a rare female voiceover and female actors cast as CEOs was the company’s best-performing campaign.  Nobody questioned the fact that of the top eight management positions at AT&T, only one is filled by a woman. The summit revealed the racial and class divide in unexpected ways. Felicia Saunders, who survived the Emanuel African Methodist Church shooting in Charlestown, sat on the panel “Life After Hate: Surviving White Supremacy.” Her son Tywanza and her best friend were among the nine people killed by Dylann Roof in the racially inspired attack. She recounted how her son asked Roof why he was doing it. His answer: “You’re raping our women and taking over the world.” Saunders addressed the crowd. “I look around this audience and I see so many Caucasians here,” she said. “We don’t mean you no harm.” That she felt need to say it brought tears to my eyes. The last panel featured Women’s March on Washington founders offering instruction on how to continue the resistance beyond the Lincoln Center. Tamika D. Mallory offered the wisest, and most pointed, advice: focus, she said, “must remain on the people not able to make it to this room today.”   Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Donald Trump feminism Femvertising Hillary Clinton Justin Trudeau Teen Vogue Tina Brown women in the world summit Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous Where to Buy Canadian Real Estate 2017 Next The Canada150 Quiz Countdown trivia test: Day 70! Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Justin Trudeau takes his greatest feminist hits to Broadway Hillary finally talks: 'As an American, I'm pretty worried' Syria is gassing children to death. What should Canada do? Justin Trudeau takes questions—all of them Donald Trump does the security shuffle Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   Why Fort McMurray will never be the same How Dollarama became the retail king of knockoffs 1 comment Canada’s top party schools 2017 7 comments Canada’s most dangerous cities 2016: How safe is your city? 5 comments Inside Kevin O’Leary’s investing fund misadventure 3 comments New OSAP rules mean ‘free’ tuition for mature students 2 comments Saying goodbye to minor hockey, lunatic parents, and that smell 2 comments Donald Trump is stuck in the 1980s 4 comments How Canada completely lost its mind over real estate 10 comments Where to Buy Canadian Real Estate 2017 1 comment Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
P&G Declares Dividend Increase April 11, 2017 04:01 PM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Board of Directors of The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) declared an increased quarterly dividend of $0.6896 per share on the Common Stock and on the Series A and Series B ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock of the Company, payable on or after May 15, 2017, to Common Stock shareholders of record at the close of business on April 21, 2017, and to Series A and Series B ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock shareholders of record at the start of business on April 21, 2017. This represents a 3% increase compared to the prior quarterly dividend. This dividend increase marks the 61st consecutive year that P&G has increased its dividend, demonstrating its commitment to – and extending its long-term track record of – returning cash to shareholders. The Company expects total dividend payments to shareholders of more than $7 billion in fiscal year 2017, bringing total dividends paid over the last decade to more than $62 billion. P&G has been paying a dividend for 127 consecutive years since its incorporation in 1890. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts P&G Media Contacts: Damon Jones, 513-983-0190 or Jennifer Corso, 513-983-2570 or P&G Investor Relations Contact: John Chevalier, 513-983-9974 Contacts P&G Media Contacts: Damon Jones, 513-983-0190 or Jennifer Corso, 513-983-2570 or P&G Investor Relations Contact: John Chevalier, 513-983-9974 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News P&G Declares Dividend Increase CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The Board of Directors of The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) declared an increased quarterly dividend of $0.6896 per share on the Common Stock and on the Series A and Series B ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock of the Company, payable on or after May 15, 2017, to Common Stock shareholders of record at the close of business on April 21, 2017, and to Series A and Series B ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock shareholders of record at the start of business on April 21, 2017. This represents a 3% increase compared to the prior quarterly dividend. This dividend increase marks the 61st consecutive year that P&G has increased its dividend, demonstrating its commitment to – and extending its long-term track record of – returning cash to shareholders. The Company expects total dividend payments to shareholders of more than $7 billion in fiscal year 2017, bringing total dividends paid over the last decade to more than $62 billion. P&G has been paying a dividend for 127 consecutive years since its incorporation in 1890. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AHF Files Federal Lawsuit Against Baton Rouge After Mayor’s Office Defunds Key HIV/AIDS Care Provider Next PostNext Frontier Communications to Release First-Quarter 2017 Results and Host Call Search Recent Posts Global Influenza Vaccines Market 2017: Analysis and Forecast 2022 by Brand Analysis Royal Wood Floors Helps Milwaukee Home Owners Troubleshoot problems with Finished Hard Wood Floors Tropicana Las Vegas To Welcome Men Of The Strip To Havana Room This Spring 2017 Asia Healthcare Services Market Report 2017 Cascades to Release First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 10, 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 3:03 A.M. ET Daimler profit up 87%, on Mercedes-Benz cars boost 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.3% higher at 12,176 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's Fraport takes over 14 Greek airports 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,114.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,372.36 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 381.88 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:51 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman 4/11 China's consumer inflation rises in March 4/11 Japan machinery orders rebound in February Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Procter & Gamble increases dividend by 3% By Claudia Assis Published: Apr 11, 2017 4:07 p.m. ET Share By ClaudiaAssis Reporter The Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.35% late Tuesday said its board of directors has authorized a 3% dividend increase to 68.96 cents a share payable May 15 to shareholders of record April 21. That's the 61st straight year that the consumer products company increased its dividend. Shares rose 0.1% in late trading after ending the regular trading session up 0.4%. Quote References PG +0.31 +0.35% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $89.80 +0.31 (+0.35%) Volume 4.9M Open $89.66 High $89.82 Low $89.29 P/E Ratio 26.39 Div Yield 3.07 Market Cap 228.8B
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Caterpillar, Lockheed Martin, P&G Lead Effort to Shape Future of Augmented Reality Caterpillar, Lockheed Martin, P&G Lead Effort to Shape Future of Augmented Reality Apr 11, 2017 IW Staff EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 "For the first time, industry — both suppliers and users in the AR space — will have access to a  benchmark set of requirements that will help them develop a roadmap and source, select, evaluate and deploy augmented reality solutions,” said Mark Sage, of The Augmented Reality for Enterprise Alliance. Advertisement As technologies become more prevalent there is often a need to produce guidelines that will ensure standardization. One such technology is Augment Reality (AR). On April 11, a standard was released by UI Labs The Augmented Reality for Enterprise Alliance (AREA). The (AR) hardware and software functional requirements guidelines will help AR technology companies develop products for industrial users.  These AR functional requirements documents will lead to technology that improves the performance and efficiency for manufacturers in a number of areas, including employee training and safety; factory floor and field services operations; machine assembly, inspection and repair; manufacturing space and product design, according to the groups. Lockheed Martin, Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble initiated the guidelines development process as part of a project through the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute (DMDII)), a UI LABS collaboration. Recently, 65 organizations — including industry, AR providers, universities, and government agencies — came together for a workshop to offer insight into their challenges and needs to further develop the guidelines. >The functional requirements were created in March at the DMDI workshop, whose participants included the three project leads — Lockheed Martin, Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble — along with Microsoft, General Electric, Rolls-Royce, Dow Chemical, Intel, the US Air Force, Stanley Black & Decker, Johnson & Johnson, Newport News Shipbuilding, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, DAQRI, Upskill, Optech 4D,  ScopeAR, IQagent, Six 15 and Real Wear along with others. “For the first time, industry — both suppliers and users in the AR space — will have access to a  benchmark set of requirements that will help them develop a roadmap and source, select, evaluate and deploy augmented reality solutions,” said Mark Sage, executive director of AREA. “These functional requirements will be used to help continue the development of the AR ecosystem.” The documents address features that include: Hardware: Battery Life; Connectivity; Field of View; On-board Storage; On-board Operating System; Environmental; Inputs/Outputs and Safety. Software: Authoring; AR Content; Creating 3D Content; Deployment of AR Content and Internet of Things. Augmented reality superimposes computer-generated content on a user’s view of the real world, using glasses, headsets or tablets to provide a composite view. Unlike virtual reality, which creates a totally artificial environment, AR retains the existing environment and displays new information on top of it. The global AR market is expected to exceed $95 by 2023, according to a recent Credence Research report. Big Market Research reports that the  global augmented reality and virtual reality gear market will grow at a compound annual growth rate of 37.45% between 2017-2021. “Augmented reality has immense potential to transform manufacturing, and early adopters are seeing impressive productivity and quality improvements,” said Thomas McDermott, executive director of DMDII. “However, wide adoption of this technology requires collaboration among the industrial companies operating on the front lines and the AR providers designing solutions to ensure the technology under development meets the needs of industry.” Popular Now Closing the Skills Gap with Plant Tours, Pep Talks and Child Care OEE – Learn How to Use It Right Are 'Concrete Heads' Wrecking Your Lean Manufacturing Efforts? Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Augmented Reality Looks to a Future Without Screens Apple's Next Big Thing: Augmented Reality How Augmented Reality Can Revolutionize Manufacturing Technology: Augmented Reality on the Plant Floor Lenovo, Tencent Invest in Augmented Reality Startup Technology Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST HR Changes to Watch for Now That Trump's in Charge SME and NASA's HUNCH Partner to Engage Youth in Advanced Manufacturing Are 'Concrete Heads' Wrecking Your Lean Manufacturing Efforts? IMF, WTO, OECD Will Defend Free Trade Against Protectionism Sherwin-Williams' Cheri Phyfer: On Building Bridges and Developing Women in Leadership Caterpillar, Lockheed Martin, P&G Lead Effort to Shape Future of Augmented Reality More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Apr 11, 2017 Article Sherwin-Williams' Cheri Phyfer: On Building Bridges and Developing Women in Leadership The president of the Diversified Brands Division shares leadership lessons learned and "paying it forward."...More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Manufacturing Companies Educating Trump Team on How to Grow Jobs Closing the Skills Gap with Plant Tours, Pep Talks and Child Care GE Digital's Secret Weapon Sherwin-Williams' Cheri Phyfer: On Building Bridges and Developing Women in Leadership Caterpillar, Lockheed Martin, P&G Lead Effort to Shape Future of Augmented Reality IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing Leveraging Modern Data Science for Competitive Advantage Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Manufacturers Unite to Shape the Future of Augmented Reality CHICAGO & WAKEFIELD, Mass.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–UI LABS and The Augmented Reality for Enterprise Alliance (AREA) announced today the release of the world’s first augmented reality (AR) hardware and software functional requirements guidelines, which will help AR technology companies develop products for industrial users. These AR functional requirements documents will lead to technology that improves the performance and efficiency for manufacturers in a number of areas, including employee training and safety; factory floor and field services operations; machine assembly, inspection and repair; manufacturing space and product design; and much more. Lockheed Martin, Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble initiated the guidelines development process as part of a project through the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute (DMDII), a UI LABS collaboration. Recently, 65 organizations — including industry, AR providers, universities, and government agencies — came together for a workshop to offer insight into their challenges and needs to further develop the guidelines. Augmented reality superimposes computer-generated content on a user’s view of the real world, using glasses, headsets or tablets to provide a composite view. Unlike virtual reality, which creates a totally artificial environment, AR retains the existing environment and displays new information on top of it. The global AR market is expected to exceed $95 billion USD by 2023, according to a recent Credence Research report. Big Market Research reports that the global augmented reality and virtual reality gear market will grow at a compound annual growth rate of 37.45% between 2017-2021. “Augmented reality has immense potential to transform manufacturing, and early adopters are seeing impressive productivity and quality improvements,” said Thomas McDermott, executive director of DMDII. “However, wide adoption of this technology requires collaboration among the industrial companies operating on the front lines and the AR providers designing solutions to ensure the technology under development meets the needs of industry.” The AREA, a membership-funded alliance helping to accelerate the adoption of enterprise AR, will be responsible for the ongoing development, maintenance and updating of the documents produced through this initiative. “For the first time, industry — both suppliers and users in the AR space — will have access to a benchmark set of requirements that will help them develop a roadmap and source, select, evaluate and deploy augmented reality solutions,” said Mark Sage, executive director of AREA. “These functional requirements will be used to help continue the development of the AR ecosystem, and AREA is looking forward to communicating and driving future changes.” Groundbreaking AR Functional Requirements and Workshop The functional requirements were created in March at the DMDII workshop, whose participants included the three project leads — Lockheed Martin, Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble — along with Microsoft, General Electric, Rolls-Royce, Dow Chemical, Intel, the US Air Force, Stanley Black & Decker, Johnson & Johnson, Newport News Shipbuilding, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, DAQRI, Upskill, Optech 4D, ScopeAR, IQagent, Six 15 and Real Wear along with others. The documents address features that include: Hardware: Battery Life; Connectivity; Field of View; On-board Storage; On-board Operating System; Environmental; Inputs/Outputs and Safety. Software: Authoring; AR Content; Creating 3D Content; Deployment of AR Content and Internet of Things. About UI LABS and DMDII UI LABS brings University + Industry together with startups and government to collaborate on problems too big for any one organization to solve on its own. UI LABS is building a portfolio of applied research and commercialization innovation platforms that improve its partners’ competitiveness and financial performance, and transform entire industries. Across its current platforms, UI LABS has more than 300 members from industry, government, community organizations, and academic and research institutions. Learn more at uilabs.org. In February 2014, UI LABS announced the formation of its first innovation platform, the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute (DMDII), in partnership with the Department of Defense, to transform American manufacturing through the digitization of the supply chain. DMDII’s goal is to provide U.S. factories with the tools, software and expertise they need to build things more efficiently, less expensively, and more quickly, so they can win more business and bring jobs back to the United States. Learn more at dmdii.org. About the AREA The AREA supports innovative companies aspiring to invest in AR who need a better understanding of the tools available, application possibilities, methods of implementation and return on investment. It provides a free and open exchange of best practices, lessons learned, and technological insights which can help enterprises effectively implement AR technology, boost operational efficiency and create long term benefit. Discover the benefits of joining the AREA by visiting our membership information page. More information about the AREA is available at http://www.thearea.org or info@thearea.org. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Buchanan & Edwards Acquires R2C Next PostNext Optical Isolator Market Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Search Recent Posts Maha Energy AB: Announces delayed upcoming fully guaranteed rights issue and provides a Corporate operational update i-BLADES Announces Smart Cases for Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Puma Exploration launches Preliminary Economic Assessment on Murray Brook ZINC Deposit, New Brunswick, Canada American Academy of Dermatology: Tips to Prevent and Treat Bug Bites Hearing Technology Industry Releases 2017 Impact Report, Spotlighting 40-Year Commitment to Innovation and Helping People with Hearing Loss Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Baby Diaper Market to Cross US$ 70 Bn by 2024 Key players in the global baby diaper market include Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Procter and Gamble, Unicharm Corporation, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA, Kao Corporation, Johnson & Johnson Private Ltd., Nobel Hygiene Pvt Ltd., Bummis, Fujian Shuangheng Group Co., Ltd., and Bumkins Inc. In terms of value, the global baby diaper market is anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 4.1% during the forecast period and is expected to be valued at US$ 70.4 Bn by 2024 end. Among all product type segments in the baby diaper industry, disposable diapers are projected to be the fastest-growing segment over the forecast period (2016–2024). This segment accounts for approximately 49.0% of the global volume of diapers consumed; attributed to the availability of improved raw materials and technological advancements in markets in various regions across the globe. In Asia Pacific, disposable segment accounted for majority market share of 42.5% in 2015. Revenue contribution of this segment to the APEJ baby diaper market is expected to increase at a CAGR of 6.0% from 2016 to 2024. In North America, a market share of the cloth diaper segment is anticipated to fall from 11.2% in 2015 to 10.8% in 2024. This is due to the introduction of new baby diaper products with more efficient absorbency as compared to that of cloth diapers. In terms of value, the disposable segment in the Europe baby diaper market accounted for 49.4% share in 2015. Demand for baby diapers in countries in this region is primarily driven by increasing number of private labels and increasing the focus on raw material suppliers towards developing biodegradable materials. In terms of volume, the global baby diaper market is anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 3.5% during the forecast period and is expected to account for 379,907 units by 2024 end. Among the various regional markets, the market in Asia Pacific accounted for 41.0% volume share in 2015. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11566 Primary factors driving growth of the global baby diaper market include increasing promotion and advertising of various baby diaper brands and improved raw materials, and technological advancements. In addition, growing affluence and increased per capita spending on personal hygiene products and increasing birth rates in developing countries are other factors expected to drive growth of the global baby diaper market over the forecast period. Demand for baby diaper across the globe is growing steadily and can be attributed to the various associated benefits such as ensuring increased hygiene and low risk of skin damage. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/baby-di… One of the major restraints for a growth of the global baby diaper market is a significantly slow rate of degradation of baby diapers. Diapers rank among the third-largest consumer item to be disposed of in landfills and represent 30% of non-biodegradable waste volumes. Moreover, disposable diapers contain dioxin, which is an extremely toxic by-product of the paper-bleaching process. This factor is anticipated to restrain the growth of the global baby diaper market over the forecast period. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Surface Treatment Equipments Market 2017 – Diener Electronic, Jebsen Industrial, Corotec Corporation, Pillar Technologies, Plasma Etch Next PostNext Sleeve Label Market to Cross US$ 16 Bn by 2024 Search Recent Posts Gladstone Investment Increases Monthly Cash Distributions to Common Stockholders and Announces Cash Distributions for April, May, and June 2017, Including Supplemental Distribution to Common Stockholders Organovo Announces CEO Transition Nasdaq Announces End-of-Month Open Short Interest Positions in Nasdaq Stocks as of Settlement Date March 31, 2017 La technologie de reconnaissance des mots basée sur l’apprentissage profond de Hikvision remporte le premier prix au concours de lecture robuste ICDAR 2016 Hikvisions Deep Learning-basierte Worterkennungstechnologie belegt 1. Platz bei ICDAR Robust Reading Competition 2016 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Toothpaste 2017 Global Key Players – Colgate, P&G, Unilever, Henkel, Lion Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Toothpaste Market Toothpaste Market 2017 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Toothpaste Market -Market Size,Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Toothpaste in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request for Sample report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1142934-global-toot… Global Toothpaste market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Colgate P&G Church & Dwight Unilever GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Henkel Lion Sunstar Kao LG household & Health Care Darlie Johnson & Johnson YUNNANBAIYAO Amore Amway SHISEIDO DENCARE J?S?N Kiss My Face Marvismint NICE Liby On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Regular Cavity Protection Whitening For Sensitive Teeth For Sensitive Gums On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Toothpaste for each application, including Adults Children To get complete report visit@ www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1142934-global-toothpaste-… Key Points in Table of Content: Global Toothpaste Market Research Report 2017 1 Toothpaste Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Toothpaste 1.2 Toothpaste Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Toothpaste Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Toothpaste Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Regular 1.2.4 Cavity Protection 1.2.5 Whitening 1.2.6 For Sensitive Teeth 1.2.7 For Sensitive Gums 1.3 Global Toothpaste Segment by Application 1.3.1 Toothpaste Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Adults 1.3.3 Children 1.4 Global Toothpaste Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Toothpaste Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Toothpaste (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Toothpaste Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Toothpaste Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) …… 7 Global Toothpaste Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Colgate 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Colgate Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 P&G 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 P&G Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Church & Dwight 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Church & Dwight Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Unilever 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Unilever Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Henkel 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Henkel Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Lion 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Lion Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Sunstar 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Sunstar Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Kao 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Kao Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 LG household & Health Care 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Toothpaste Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 LG household & Health Care Toothpaste Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Darlie 7.12 Johnson & Johnson 7.13 YUNNANBAIYAO 7.14 Amore 7.15 Amway 7.16 SHISEIDO 7.17 DENCARE 7.18 J?S?N 7.19 Kiss My Face 7.20 Marvismint 7.21 NICE 7.22 Liby Continued… Buy this report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… Contact Us: NORAH TRENT Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pv… ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories. ADDRES: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Brake Pads Market 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Global Bolt Anchor Markets Report 2017 includes Industry Overview, Up and Down Stream Industry Analysis, Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Escalating Energy Demands Driving Global Offshore Drilling Market Warehouse Robots Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Global Campaign Management Software Market Spurred by Increasing Focus on Improving Digital User Experience High Adoption of Contactless Payment Solutions Boosts Growth of Global Payment Gateways Market Global Canal Hearing Aids Market Driven by Growing Patient Counts with Hearing Loss Issues Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos Videos Topics Live PNG 29/4 (8.3) - UAE (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Malcolm Turnbull Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal Home Money Experiments with 'truth' (Thinkstock) Shares4 Collin Furtado | Wed, 12 Apr 2017-07:20am , DNA In ad wars, brands are now resorting to smarter ways to prove their version of truth Recently advertisements have been the point of battle for brands such Amul, Hindustan Unilever (HUL), Airtel and Reliance Jio. While HUL has taken its battle with Amul to the Bombay High Court, Reliance Jio has registered a complaint with the Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) against an ad of Airtel. The Amul ad called 'Amul is Real Milk, Real Ice Cream' shows that since the product is made using milk it is a real ice-cream and not frozen desert made using "vanaspathi ghee", taking a dig at most of HUL's Kwality Wall's frozen deserts. The Airtel ad, on the other hand, took a dig at competitor Reliance Jio by claiming that it is the fastest network by quoting a third party speed test company Ookla's results. The lawyers of FMCG giant HUL recently argued in court that Amul's ads were guilty of disparaging frozen dessert. While Reliance Jio was vindicated as ASCI on March 31 as the self-regulatory body asked Airtel to withdraw or modify their fastest network ad. Upholding the complaint filed by rival Reliance Jio Infocom, the ASCI said that the TV commercial (TVC) was "misleading" and "contravened Chapters" of its code as well as guidelines on disclaimers clauses. "We have advised the advertiser to modify appropriately or to withdraw the said TVC and the website advertisement by April 11, 2017," ASCI said in its order. A bit earlier Baba Ramdev-led brand Patanjali Ayurveda had been engaged in a bitter ad war with competitor Dabur over its honey ad. It has also taken on many other large FMCG brands through its ads. It is not an unusual sight for brands to bad mouth competitors in their ads. We have seen countless times in the past brands waging a war with competitors through their advertisements. For instance, in 2013 Reckitt Benckiser launched Dettol Kitchen cleaning products and created a TV ad which compared the cleaning product to HUL's Vim. HUL took it to Calcutta High Court for a stay order, saying that the ads were not true. But HUL was denied the order. However, HUL hit back with an ad on the front page of leading dailies claiming that Lifebuoy works better than Dettol antiseptic liquid. Hyundai and Maruti Suzuki also saw their rivalry come alive through their ads as Hyundai came out with a marketing campaign in 2012 called 'Trendsetter vs Follower' which claimed that its EON was much superior than Alto 800 of Maruti Suzuki. In 2010, HUL featured a P&G's Tide Natural pack prominently in a Rin commercial saying "Tide se kahin behtar safedi de Rin". Even HUL's Clinc All Clear shampoo ad spoofed P&G's Head & Shoulders product that year. However, while many ads earlier directly showed their rival product or beeped the name, it seems that brands today have become much smarter in the game of ad wars. Take for instance, the recent controversial ads of Airtel and Amul. Both these ads neither mention, beep the name or show the rival products directly. Both of the brands base their ads on proof to back their claim. For instance, Airtel used the Ookla certification to create the ad. While ASCI had disregarded Airtel's claim as it had only submitted Ookla certificate, it did not give the methodology. Similarly, Amul is right in calling itself a real 'ice-cream' as by definition ice-cream is "a soft, sweet frozen food made with milk and cream" and not a frozen deserts which are made with vegetable oil. While not using the competitor product or mentioning the brand name is just common sense, the second way of basing it on proof or fact is a much smarter way for brands to wage ad wars. So while brands get smarter at advertising wars, does it make the job of organisations such as ASCI or the High Courts harder? Shweta Purandare, secretary general of ASCI said, "Not really. ASCI is a 30 year old organisation and the people working in it are those involved in the business of advertising". She said that according to the ASCI Code Chapter 4, brands can make claims against competitors. However, there has to be fairness in the claim against competition, it has to be factually correct and the brand has to able to substantiate its claim. Most importantly, "they should not denigrate other brands," she said. Purandare says that they take tough decisions as they have sector specific exports who analyse these ads. They check the data from both parties thoroughly and look at what kind of testing agencies, research methodologies are used, whether scientific methods are used, where it is published, among others. BROAD-CAST AWAY In 2013, Reckitt Benckiser created a TV ad which compared its kitchen cleaning product to HUL’s Vim HUL, when denied an order in HC, hit back with an ad that claimed Lifebuoy was better than Dettol antiseptic liquid Hyundai came out with a campaign which claimed that its EON was much superior to Alto 800 of Maruti Suzuki In 2010, HUL in an ad said “Tide se kahin behtar safedi de Rin” and also spoofed P&G’s Head & Shoulders Collin Furtado Info Collin Furtado brings with him over 4 years of experience in the financial reporting team. He writes on financial markets, policies, brands, various sectors and advertising.    TOP TOP < DNA Local Edit: Unusual dengue-chikangunya outbreak should be a wak-up call   Comments   Also Read Money Here's how to ensure HRA tax benefit isn't declined Money Rupee may not breach 64/$ level Money Experiments with 'truth' Money Opening up of coal sector may run into pricing hurdle Money We are prepared for GST, our trade partners aren't: Ki Wan Kim Money Peak electricity demand to soar 7% this summer < Previous ArticleNext Article > DNA Local Edit: Unusual dengue-chikangunya outbreak should be a wak-up call Live Cricket Score Live PNG 29/4 (8.3) UAE (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related We plan to open 20 Baggit stores this year: Nina Lekhi Is social media all talk and no action when it comes to brands? Opening up of coal sector may run into pricing hurdle Video WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding WATCH: Safari park visitor screams in shock as a camel pokes its face inside her car View all Tags India Business Report advertising Amul Hindustan Unilever (HUL) Airtel Reliance Jio Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) Bombay High Court Maruti Suzuki Hyundai Reckitt Benckiser Dabur Baba Ramdev Patanjali Ayurveda FMCG Shweta Purandare SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News WRAPUP 3-China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of N.Korea tensions in call with Trump China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of North Korea tensions in call with Trump Amit Shah to open three-day Savarkar meet on Apr 21 Abu Sayyaf leader behind execution of foreigners is killed, Philippines says MP cop, who was ridiculed by Shobhaa De on Twitter loses 15 kg, resumes work Sport NHL-Hope renewed for Canadian clubs in Stanley Cup playoffs Soccer-Elmohamady endorses fearless approach for Hull to survive Expected comeback in Pak squad after successful domestic season, says `surprised` Butt Cricket-No balls, wides reign as Bangladesh bowler protests umpiring NHL-Hope renewed for Canadian clubs in Stanley Cup playoffs Entertainment After TVF's Arunabh Kumar row, a ScoopWhoop employee accuses co-founder Suparn Pandey of sexual harassment Baarish from Half Girlfriend: Arjun Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor's romance begins from the rains! SHOCKING! Vidyut Jammwal now LEAKS audio of a drunk Ram Gopal Varma calling Tiger Shroff a transgender 'Thor Ragnarok' becomes 'most watched trailer' for Marvel, Disney Big B shares nostalgic picture of 'Superstar of the day' Money InnoVen Capital doubles deployment pace, aims to fund more startups Hunting reports positive Q1 EBITDA as U.S. shale activity rises Raw sugar imports unlikely to affect sugar prices negatively in the near term Sensex makes a U-turn, drops 165 pts as investors hold back Karnataka Bank slips after ICICI Bank clarifies stock exposure Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Brands differ on GST News, 12 April 2017 MUMBAI: As the implementation of India's Goods and Services Tax (GST) nears, two of the country's largest consumer goods companies are taking opposite views of the reform's impact, but, regardless, Indian consumers can expect to pay more for soaps, shampoos and toothpaste. The GST, set to be implemented at the start of July, has been hailed as one of the most important tax reforms since independence, but companies face a lack of clarity as they set strategies to prepare for the reforms. In anticipation of the GST changes, Hindustan Unilever (HUL) is increasing its production run with the expectation that the reforms will lower its tax burden, while Procter & Gamble (P&G) has taken the opposite view, industry officials told the Economic Times. "HUL has taken the view that tax rates on some of its product categories may come down after GST," according to one of the people close to the developments. "This would mean that the margins may go up, due to which HUL has increased its production." Most retail goods are expected to attract taxes anywhere between 18% and 28%. The rate paid by HUL currently sits at around 23%, a burden the company assumes will drop to 18%. Conversely, in expectation of a rate rise to the full 28%, P&G is "down-stocking its products with retailers, and has even reduced the manufacturing of some of its products". A tax expert speaking to the Economic Times said, "up-stocking and down-stocking would mean there could be a blip in the GDP recorded after GST is rolled out. "If things go according to what HUL has envisaged and the tax rates are lowered, HUL would reduce its production and first try to sell products manufactured before the GST date, on which old tax rates apply." Whatever the approach of individual companies, it is anticipated the changes will benefit the wider economy. An assessment by EY, the professional services firm, observed that a "well-designed GST is expected to simplify and rationalize the current indirect tax regime, eliminate tax cascading and put the Indian economy on high-growth trajectory." The GST reforms will subsume various taxes including excise, services, octroi and other levies. Proceeds will be divided between the central and state governments. Under the new regime, goods will be taxed at the point of consumption, rather than multiple times at different rates. Data sourced from Economic Times, The Asian Age, Wikipedia, EY; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Mobile video drives digital adspend growth News Mobile video requires different strategy: Facebook News Media neutrality vital in multichannel planning News TV viewers build bespoke bundles News Georgia-Pacific's bias-free brand strategy News United Airlines counts cost of 're-accommodation' News WARC Prize for Asian Strategy: judges named News Brands differ on GST View more News and Opinion More from WARC Hindustan Unilever: Swachh Aadat Swachh Bharat Hindustan Unilever: The story of an unborn child - Chamki Building new markets in India: insights from Unilever and Ford Procter & Gamble embraces brand activism Tide Naturals: Riding the Tide in rural India Get a demo 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Search Contact Us Advertise My Account facebook twitter youtube google_plus linkedin RSS Menu News Crime Business Legal Sports Team Spotlight College signings Obituaries Features Spotlight Arts & Entertainment Commentary Announcements Births Recipes Religion Puzzles Contribute Submit a news tip Submit a sports tip Submit a letter to the editor Submit a calendar event Obituary Information Birth announcement form Anniversary announcement form Engagement announcement form Wedding announcement form Financial Institution Guide questionnaire Women In Small Business Suggestion Box Contests Riverbend Sports Trivia answer Granite City Sports Trivia answer Edwardsville Sports Trivia answer Pro Picks Challenge Reader's Choice 2016 Nominations - Granite City Advertise Business advertising Garage Sales Classifieds Sunday circulars Love Lines Novena ad Celebration ad Memorial ad Graduation ad Bridal Event Booth Space Veterans Day ad Events Submit events Garage Sales About Contact us Pickup locations Careers Archives Team Spotlight College signings Home Sports Gymnastics championships to tumble into St. Louis Gymnastics championships to tumble into St. Louis April 11, 2017 1:15 PM Back to Search Results RSS Print The St. Louis Sports Commission continues its run of producing high-profile national gymnastics events with the NCAA Women’s Gymnastics Championships at Chaifetz Arena April 14-15.   The region and commission previously hosted the 2016 Men’s Olympic Trials and P&G Women’s Gymnastics Championships, and the 2000 and 2012 USA Gymnastics Championships. A limited number of tickets are available, starting at $18. All-session tickets, providing admission to all three sessions during the championships, remain available. Tickets can be purchased at NCAA.com/WGymnastics, (800) 745-3000 or at the arena’s box office. Six teams are scheduled to compete in each semifinal session. The first semifinal, at noon Friday, April 14, includes No. 1 Oklahoma, No. 4 Utah, No. 5 UCLA, No. 8 Oregon State, No. 9 Denver and No. 13 Washington.  The second semifinal, at 7 p.m., includes No. 2 LSU, No. 3 Florida, No. 6 Alabama, No. 7 Michigan, No. 10 Georgia and No. 14 Nebraska.  The top three teams from each semifinal advance to the finals at 8 p.m. Saturday, April 15.   The event includes all-around and individual qualifiers from non-advancing teams from each of the six regional sites. Those competitors can be found by clicking here.     The University of Missouri and the St. Louis Sports Commission serve as hosts for the event, taking place in St. Louis for first time. Mizzou and the sports commission will also host the 2018 NCAA Women’s Gymnastics Championships at Chaifetz Arena. Additionally, Chaifetz will be the site of the 2018 SEC Gymnastics Championship.  NCAA WOMEN’S GYMNASTICS CHAMPIONSHIPS SCHEDULE *All times listed as Central × Expand Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter Tags featured gymnastics April 11, 2017 1:15 PM Local News News Crime Business Legal Sports Team Spotlight College signings Obituaries Features Spotlight Arts & Entertainment Commentary Announcements Births Recipes Religion Puzzles Contribute Submit a news tip Submit a sports tip Submit a letter to the editor Submit a calendar event Obituary Information Birth announcement form Anniversary announcement form Engagement announcement form Wedding announcement form Financial Institution Guide questionnaire Women In Small Business Suggestion Box Contests Riverbend Sports Trivia answer Granite City Sports Trivia answer Edwardsville Sports Trivia answer Pro Picks Challenge Reader's Choice 2016 Nominations - Granite City Advertise Business advertising Garage Sales Classifieds Sunday circulars Love Lines Novena ad Celebration ad Memorial ad Graduation ad Bridal Event Booth Space Veterans Day ad Events Submit events Garage Sales About Contact us Pickup locations Careers Archives Team Spotlight College signings Contact Us Advertise My Account AdVantage News | 1000 W. Homer Adams Pkwy, Godfrey, IL 62035 | Phone: 618.463.0612 | Copyright 2014 Built with Metro Publisher™  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Research Report Explores Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2017 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2017 Summary  Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market -Market Size, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. Leading vendors in the market are included based on sales; price, sales regions, products and profile etc. Vendors mentioned as follows: Procter & Gamble L’Oreal Unilever Taisho Henkel Merck Shiseido Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Rohto Lifes2Good Gerolymatos International Toppik Nanogen Oxford BioLabs Ltd. Ultrax Labs Avalon Natural Products Bayer Pharma Medico Kirkland Signature Phyto Ales Group Amplixin Kerafiber Phyto Keranique DS Healthcare Group Kaminomoto Softto Bawang Zhang Guang 101 Request for Sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1057006-global-hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-market-2012-2022 Based on products type, the report describes major products type share of regional market. Products mentioned as follows: By Type Hair Loss and Growth Devices Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product Others  Based on region, the report describes major regions market by vendor, products and application. Regions mentioned as follows: Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Australia, Indonesia, Thailand Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain, Russia, etc.) North America (USA, Canada, Mexico) South America (Brazil, Argentina, etc) Middle East & Africa (Saudi Arabia, Iran, Egypt, South Africa, etc)  Based on application, the report describes major application share of regional market. Application mentioned as follows: Homecare Hair Loss Treatment Clinic Others  To get complete report visit@  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1057006-global-hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-market-2012-2022 Key Points in Table of Content: 1 Market Overview 1.1 Objectives of Research 1.1.1 Definition 1.1.2 Specifications 1.2 Market Segment 1.2.1 by Product 1.2.1.1 Hair Loss and Growth Devices 1.2.1.2 Shampoos and Conditioners 1.2.1.3 Medicine Product 1.2.1.4 Others 1.2.2 by Application 1.2.2.1 Homecare 1.2.2.2 Hair Loss Treatment Clinic 1.2.2.3 Others 1.2.3 by Regions 1.2.3.1 Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Australia, Indonesia, Thailand 1.2.3.2 Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain, Russia, etc.) 1.2.3.3 North America (USA, Canada, Mexico) 1.2.3.4 South America (Brazil, Argentina, etc) 1.2.3.5 Middle East & Africa (Saudi Arabia, Iran, Egypt, South Africa, etc) 2 Industry Chain 2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.2.1 Raw Material 2.2.2 Major Equipment 2.2.3 Manufacturing Cost Structure 2.2.4 Manufacturing Process 2.3 Market 2.3.1 SWOT 2.3.2 Dynamics 3 Environmental Analysis 3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry 4 Major Vendors 4.1 Procter & Gamble 4.1.1 Profile 4.1.2 Business Performance 4.2 L’Oreal 4.2.1 Profile 4.2.2 Business Performance 4.3 Unilever 4.3.1 Profile 4.3.2 Business Performance 4.4 Taisho 4.4.1 Profile 4.4.2 Business Performance 4.5 Henkel 4.5.1 Profile 4.5.2 Business Performance 4.6 Merck 4.6.1 Profile 4.6.2 Business Performance 4.7 Shiseido 4.7.1 Profile 4.7.2 Business Performance 4.8 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. 4.8.1 Profile 4.8.2 Business Performance 4.9 Rohto 4.9.1 Profile 4.9.2 Business Performance 4.10 Lifes2Good 4.10.1 Profile 4.10.2 Business Performance 4.11 Gerolymatos International 4.12 Toppik 4.13 Nanogen 4.14 Oxford BioLabs Ltd. 4.15 Ultrax Labs 4.16 Avalon Natural Products 4.17 Bayer 4.18 Pharma Medico 4.19 Kirkland Signature 4.20 Phyto Ales Group 4.21 Amplixin 4.22 Kerafiber 4.23 Phyto 4.24 Keranique 4.25 DS Healthcare Group 4.26 Kaminomoto 4.27 Softto 4.28 Bawang 4.29 Zhang Guang 101 Continued…             Buy this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1057006 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT                Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com  Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym       CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Industry, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Manufacturers, Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Metal Organic Frameworks Market Development and Trends Forecasts Report 2016-2021 Next PostNext Super precision bearing Market: Global Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts Side Shaft Market Key Player, Regions, Manufacturers Analysis, Application and Specification, Cost Analysis, Price and Gross Margin by 2017-2022 collagenase Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Sales Forecast and Supply Demand to 2021 Hybrid Cars and EV Market Analysis by Current Industry Status & Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players, Target Audience and Forecast to 2022 Global Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Therapeutics Market Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Cardiac Troponin Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Ad Specifications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN New guidelines point to an augmented future New guidelines point to an augmented future 65 organizations agree on augumented reality guidelines for the factory floor Matt Hamblen (Computerworld (US)) 12 April, 2017 03:23 - - - - print email Distributors DNA Connect Comments Lockheed Martin, Proctor & Gamble and Caterpillar have joined with 62 other organizations to create hardware and software guidelines for using augmented reality (AR) on the manufacturing floor. The guidelines are designed to guide AR technology vendors in developing future products for industrial businesses, both large and small. UI Labs and the Augmented Reality for Enterprise Alliance (AREA) announced the guidelines in a document released on Tuesday. Enterprises will benefit from these guidelines, also called "functional requirements," because they will encourage interoperability among hardware and software products and make it easier to request bids for AR products, AREA said. The guidelines are obviously voluntary but still deemed to be a consensus among many manufacturers, including AR device makers, that could contribute to greater adoption of AR. Even so, AREA didn't use the term "standards" in referring to the guidelines. "One of the major challenges of deploying AR and VR [virtual reality] has been the lack of standards for hardware, software and interfaces," said Jack Gold, an analyst at J. Gold Associates. "Anything that can help get standards in place will accelerate the adoption and deployment of AR. That said, this is a first step, not the endpoint," Gold said. "This effort is imp Dima Tokar, an analyst at Machnation, said AR has the "potential to revolutionize many industrial use cases, but without a standard, it's difficult to implement a solution that works across multiple vendors." Just in the enterprise internet of things category, AR guidelines could affect vendors that provide devices, connectivity, middleware, applications, integration and services, he said. AR technology is different from virtual reality (VR) in that AR displays new information on top of an existing environment. A worker can use glasses, headsets or tablet computers to provide a composite view of the real and virtual worlds. For example, an aerospace worker could try out a virtual design for an aircraft wing on an existing fuselage. A shop foreman could see where a new part needs to be inserted in a complex assembly line. The hardware guidelines from AREA outline storage, connectivity, battery and other requirements for AR devices. For example: Device batteries should have a minimum life of 12 hours and be able to be swapped out in less than five minutes while wearing gloves. The latest low-power Bluetooth and Wi-Fi wireless standard should also be used. Minimum on-board storage should be 128 GB. AR goggles, headsets or tablets should provide a 3D view with a minimum of 85 degrees for field of visions in both directions -- horizontal and vertical. AR devices should support a web browser. AR devices should support a pointer control and a wireless microphone with noise cancellation. For AR software, the guidelines call for: A user interface that "can be learned by non-software literate personnel," meaning not just a computer science engineer, software engineer or technical writer. Support for several 3D model software input formats, including Creo, AutoDesk, Siemens PLM, Catia, SAP Visual Enterprise and STEP Files. An output application that can be used by phones, tablets and both binocular and monocular head-mounted displays. Content storage to support 128-bit encryption in transit and at rest, as well as two-factor authentication. Wearable head-mounted displays that allow a manufacturing worker to pinch fingertips on right and left hands and then pull hands together to zoom in and pull hands apart to zoom out. Displays that allow workers to rotate fingertips to rotate 3D content. There are also a series of recommendations for software support extended to workers at small and medium enterprises and for the ability to link internet of things data through the use of QR codes, Near Field Communications and Bluetooth. UI Labs and AREA said the new documents are designed to help improve performance and efficiency for manufacturers in the areas of employee training and safety, factory and field operations, machine assembly, inspection and repair, and manufacturing floor space and product design. Lockheed Martin, Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble initiated the guidelines process through a UI Labs collaboration group called the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute(DMDII). The other 62 organizations assisting in the process included AR providers, universities and government agencies. AR has the potential to transform manufacturing, but wider adoption requires collaboration among industrial companies and AR providers, said Thomas McDermott, executive director of DMDII, in a statement. AREA said the guidelines should be viewed as "living documents" subject to further development. AREA is creating a "Functional Requirements Committee" to ensure the requirements become integral in the further development of an enterprise AR ecosystem. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news What Resellers Can Gain From Attending Cisco Live 2017 More from Cisco Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next ShoreTel to promote Ben Swanson to A/NZ regional director Megaport launches new marketplace for technology providers Inside the AWS Summit in Sydney ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Inside the AWS Summit in Sydney As the dust settles on the 2017 AWS Summit in Sydney, ARN looks back an action packed two-day event, covering global keynote presentations, 80 breakout sessions on the latest technology solutions, and channel focused tracks involving local cloud stories and insights. Inside the AWS Summit in Sydney Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne Kaspersky Lab hosted partners during the opening Formula One race of the season, at the Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne. Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN kick-started the 2017 awards season with its annual Judges’ Lunch in Sydney, welcoming current and new judges to the panel. Set for September 14, the ARN ICT Industry Awards will honour the channel across vendor, distributor and partner categories, while also rewarding outstanding individuals and their achievements. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch Related Whitepapers Case Study | Protecting customers' data with all-in-one solution from Solarwinds MSP Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Aussie IT businesses dominate Westpac’s 200 Businesses of Tomorrow tally   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:35AM Losses throw Toshiba's ability to continue into question 11:30AM TPG to pump $1.9B into Aussie mobile network rollout 11:06AM Huawei flags public cloud drive 10:59AM How the channel helped this Aussie start-up penetrate the enterprise sphere More News TPG to pump $1.9B into Aussie mobile network rollout Huawei flags public cloud drive ARN Events 16 May Emerging Leaders 2017 30 Jul EDGE 2017 14 Sep ARN ICT Industry Awards 2017 Industry Events 25 May ManageEngine Seminar: Bring IT together 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Rising brokerage earnings indicate Chinese stock market comeback Coca-Cola kicks off biggest plant in central China China factory-gate inflation eases slightly LeEco axes acquisition of Vizio Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Ying Yong meets his counterpart from Basel, Switzerland Innovative design center Snow Dragon home from the ice City learns about Parkinson’s After 2 years a baby sturgeon spotted Restored ballroom brings back legendary 1930s Shanghai vibe Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Explosions hit Dortmund team's bus, one player injured North American WCup bid SIPG’s first overseas fan’s group set up in Japan Jiangsu 1st into ACL knockout stage Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Expeditions to send huge trash bags to clean Mt Everest Georgia: Pearl of the great Caucasus Dongchuan: the home of Yunnan’s red earth Huangdaopo Hall opens after renovation The readings of Lu Xun: a modern great Kept in translation: Shanghai studio’s 60 years in bringing foreign films to China Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Obsession with economic convenience may lead to marital discontent, failures Applying Joseph Nye’s concept of ‘soft power’ In mobile social networks, China’s WeChat points way forward for foreign counterparts Dollar and Chinese currency: mysteries revealed Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Oral history book explores true meaning of tradition by recounting the revival of qin Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Take a breath, and stop to smell all those tulips Pungent idea has whiff of success in Italy It’s all about writing about ‘the slop’ What if Sally had met Gozilla? A bright, spacious place to live life Furniture that is not just made for sitting on Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Taiwan bans eating dogs and cats Xi, Trump talk over phone on Peninsula, Syria issues Rising brokerage earnings indicate Chinese stock market comeback Coca-Cola kicks off biggest plant in central China China factory-gate inflation eases slightly The story appears on Page A11 April 12, 2017 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 In China, this is science fiction’s golden age 在中国，科幻小说正处于黄金时代 View more » Photo Sets Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund View more » Home » World Ad sparks transgender debate in India Source: Agencies | 00:01 UTC+8 April 12, 2017 | Print Edition A television commercial that tells the real-life story of a transgender woman and her adopted daughter has sparked a conversation about transgender rights in India, where the community still faces deep biases despite gaining rights. The advertisement for Procter & Gamble’s Vicks brand is narrated by Gayatri, who was adopted as a young girl after the death of her birth mother, a sex worker. The 3.5 minute commercial has racked up more than 9 million views on YouTube since its release two weeks ago. As Gayatri, 15, tells the story of how she came to live with “mummy,” who cooks her favorite foods and watches horror films with her, her mother is revealed to be a transgender woman. “Mom has faced so many problems in life,” Gayatri says. “Everyone is entitled to basic rights. Then why is my mom denied them? That’s why ... I will become a lawyer. For my mom.” In a landmark judgment in 2014, India’s Supreme Court ruled that transgender people had equal rights under the law and granted legal status to the third gender. Transgender women, known as hijras, have long been considered auspicious in India. They feature in Hindu mythology, and their blessings are sought at weddings and births. But most of the country’s 2 million transgender people face discrimination. Sawant, a social worker, said, “We have more rights, but people still view us differently. We just want to be educated, go to work and be able to raise children, like everyone else.” World <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Shanghai plans to build airport No. 3 Outrage as passenger forced off United flight Restored ballroom brings back legendary 1930s Shanghai vibe Xi welcomes new Hong Kong leader Officials at pains to tackle catkin menace Xi arrives in US for first meeting with Trump Illegal taxi gang busted Foreigners dine a la Metro but venue choice gets thumbs down United passenger dragged off overbooked flight 1st freight train leaves Britain for China French bakery executives held and all outlets closed in stale flour raid Hongqiao airport gets its biggest facelift since its opening in 1921 Popular French bakery Farine suspended for using expired flour Mental patient held for stabbing wardmates to death with chopstick ‘3.15’ TV show punctures Nike’s air cushion claims <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Taiwan bans eating dogs and cats Xi, Trump talk over phone on Peninsula, Syria issues Rising brokerage earnings indicate Chinese stock market comeback Coca-Cola kicks off biggest plant in central China China factory-gate inflation eases slightly View more » Latest World News Outrage as passenger forced off United flight Twitter users offer slogans for airline that forced a man from his seat North Korea warns of nuclear attack UN warns of mass starvation in Africa Sexual harassment claims to be probed Swedes observe silence for truck attack victims View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Education Health Brexit Royals Investigations Entertainment Pictures More Telegraph News Pope opens free launderette for homeless  Pope Francis Josephine McKenna, Rome 11 April 2017 • 5:30pm In his latest effort to ease the suffering of the poor, Pope Francis has opened a free launderette so the homeless can wash their clothes and blankets in the heart of Rome. Six washing machines and six dryers have been donated by Whirlpool and Procter & Gamble have donated detergent for the pope’s laundromat which opened Monday in the city’s vibrant Trastevere quarter. It’s the latest initiative from a pope who has made it a priority to provide the homeless with showers, housing, medical care and hair care since he was elected four years ago. The laundromat will be run by volunteers from the Catholic charity, Comunity of St Egidio. Palm Sunday: Pope Francis celebrates Mass at the Vatican 01:17 “This is a free service offered to the poorest people, in particular to the homeless who can wash, dry and iron their own clothes and blankets,” said the pope’s chief almsgiver, Archbishop Konrad Krajewski, in a statement. The statement from the Vatican almsgiver’s office said the pope had wanted to do something a “concrete” following the Jubilee Year of Mercy last year and the initiative “gives concrete form to charity and works of mercy aimed at restoring dignity to so many people who are our brothers and sisters.” Little girl steals Pope's hat 00:37 The laundromat follows the pope’s controversial move to open showers for the homeless under the sweeping white colonnade of St Peter’s Basilica in 2015 and he has also provided them with free haircuts, meals and medical assistance on the streets of the Italian capital. In the coming months showers, barbers and medical services will also be added to the new laundromat which will be run by volunteers. The pope frequently preaches more should be done to help the poor but his move to open showers beneath the extravagant apostolic apartments where he refused to live after his election was seen as provocative. To mark his 78th birthday the pope gave hundreds of sleeping bags to the homeless in Rome in 2014. Share this article View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Related Topics Pope Francis Rome Show more Galleries Gallery 12 Apr 2017, 7:02am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 12 April 2017 Gallery 11 Apr 2017, 6:49pm Gallery: Telegraph cartoons, April 2017 Gallery 11 Apr 2017, 2:46pm Gallery: Elephants have a splashing time during the Songkran Water Festival in Thailand, in pictures News latest Gallery 12 Apr 2017, 7:02am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 12 April 2017 12 Apr 2017, 6:58am China's Xi calls for 'peaceful resolution' to North Korea in telephone call to President Trump 00:32 12 Apr 2017, 6:58am Donald Trump on Bashar al-Assad: Vladimir Putin is backing 'truly an evil person' 12 Apr 2017, 6:47am Taiwan bans sale and consumption of dog and cat meat  12 Apr 2017, 6:25am Donald Trump's 'armada' steams on as North Korea warns of nuclear strike if provoked 12 Apr 2017, 6:01am 'Clean eating' is a ticking timebomb that puts young at risk of fractures 12 Apr 2017, 6:01am Two in five GPs could quit soon with money 'not worth' the workload 12 Apr 2017, 6:01am NHS to offer tracking apps to those at risk of suicide and self-harm 12 Apr 2017, 5:24am Meth-addicted python among dozens of reptiles in Australian prison rehab 12 Apr 2017, 5:13am Donald Trump refuses to say whether he still has confidence in Steve Bannon 12 Apr 2017, 3:50am FBI reportedly investigated Trump campaign advisor's Russia links 12 Apr 2017, 2:23am UN Security Council will vote Wednesday on Syria gas attack probe, say US diplomats 12 Apr 2017, 1:48am America could take military action against Syrian regime in response to chlorine gas attacks, US defence secretary suggests 12 Apr 2017, 1:47am Condom-clogged pipe provides police clue in cracking Texas brothel 12 Apr 2017, 1:22am Leicester fans arrested after clashes with Spanish police ahead of Champions League match  12 Apr 2017, 1:15am New River Thames road crossing route to be unveiled 00:58 12 Apr 2017, 1:13am Sean Spicer criticised after saying Adolf Hitler 'didn't use chemical weapons' 12 Apr 2017, 12:30am White House getting ready to trumpet 100 day achievements 12 Apr 2017, 12:01am EU referendum may have been targeted by foreign cyber hackers intent of influencing result 12 Apr 2017, 12:00am Rock'n'roll shrimp named after Pink Floyd because of its deafening vocal ability 11 Apr 2017, 11:11pm Parliament's Carriage Gates, scene of Westminster terror attack, are replaced Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 The Future of Higher Education General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Technology V12 names chief marketing officer By Eric Strauss, April 11, 2017 at 12:20 PM Red Bank-based omnichannel data company V12 Data has named a new chief marketing officer, it announced Tuesday. Karen Mascott joins the company from Digitas, where she was vice president and group marketing director, leading Procter & Gamble’s digital marketing efforts for its female care brands and overseeing omnichannel marketing programs for brands such as The Home Depot and General Motors. “As V12 Data continues to grow, Karen will help us build our brand, drive demand for our products and evolve our value proposition,” V12 CEO Anders Ekman said in a prepared statement. “We couldn’t be more thrilled to welcome Karen to the team as we continue to build our momentum as the leading omnichannel data provider.” Before entering the marketing industry, Mascott worked in the political arena, V12 said. “Marketers are increasingly seeking to create constantly optimized omnichannel audiences to solve business problems,” she said in a statement. “V12 Data has developed a truly unique and robust set of solutions that bridge the right data across channels to power right-time omnichannel engagement when, where and how a brand’s customers and prospects prefer. I’m thrilled to be part of such a dynamic team and to apply my experience in driving V12 Data forward.” More From This Industry • Systems integrator and services provider names CEO, president • V12 names chief marketing officer • Emergency equipment safety a major priority: Company emphasizes excellence in service despite challenges Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Eric Strauss Follow @acerimrat Eric Strauss is the Managing Editor of NJBIZ. He has been a reporter and editor for newspapers in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, as well as for a number of websites. You can contact him at erics@njbiz.com. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Kearny Bank breaks ground on North Arlington branch Industry Insights: 5 finance concepts millennial entrepreneurs need to know 3 N.J. business leaders inducted into Hall of Fame Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 3 N.J. business leaders inducted into Hall of Fame 2 Update: Christie wants 800 psychiatric beds in N.J.; Vitale says he may get 150 3 Last week should be last warning: Gateway Project needs to be fast tracked 4 Editorial: Promising future for 'America's playground' 5 Somerset Development adds insurance tenant to Bell Works 1 When needs and neighbors collide: JCP&L facing opposition to a transmission line it has been ordered to construct (4) 2 State-of-the-art, $190M arts center coming to New Brunswick (2) 3 Ricoh cutting 77 jobs in West Caldwell as part of nationwide changes (1) Featured News Seton Hall-Hackensack med school board features several big names in the region NAIOP to recognize JLL, other real estate industry leaders at annual gala Breaking Glass: N.J. companies react to Bill O'Reilly allegations Sussex Bank, Community Bank of Bergen County in $45M merger Rockefeller announces latest office project at The Green at Florham Park Colliers International opens office in Woodbridge NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Home News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers Ad Rates 3,338 6 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA Obituaries Billie Ray “Papa” Goodnight By Contributor From page A2 | April 12, 2017 0SHARES FacebookTwitter 0 SHARES FacebookTwitter May 14, 1933 – March 17, 2017 Billie Ray “Papa” Goodnight, of Shingle Springs, Calif., passed away in his favorite place, Mazatlan, Mexico, on March 17, 2017, at the age of 83. He was born May 14, 1933, in Yuba City, Calif., to Clyde and Emma Goodnight. He was raised in Sacramento, Calif., and attended Crocker Elementary School and California Junior High School and graduated from C.K. McClatchy High School in 1951, where he ran track and played football. Bill joined the U.S. Marine Corp in November 1951 and was discharged November 1954. He married his high school sweetheart, Betty Lou Kiel, April 16, 1955. The had two sons, Jeff and Scott. They tragically lost Jeff, 16, in a skiing accident at Sierra Tahoe. Bill attended the University of Utah from 1956 to 1960. He was employed at P&G (is this Procter & Gamble?) for 30 years. He served as a scout master, volunteer fireman, little league coach and a member of the Buckeye School board. He was member of the Masonic Lodge, Union Tehama Lodge No. 3, for more than 60 years. He was an avid hunter, collected coins, loved traveling and enjoyed camping. He was a great handyman, very rarely calling a repair man. Bill moved to Shingle Springs in 1969. He was a lover of bricks; he laid thousands of them around his home. He collected them from Crocker, Calif. Junior High School when it was torn down to be rebuilt and El Dorado High School, or where ever he could find them. He loved his family, home, friends and Mazatlan. Bill was preceded in death by his parents; brothers, Clyde and Lyle; sisters, Vivian and Colleen; and his beloved son, Jeff. He is survived by his wife of 61 years, Betty; son, Scott (Charlotta); granddaughter, Ashlie Goodnight Thomas (David); and two great-grandchildren, Hunter and Lilly; as well as many nieces and nephews. A celebration of life will be held April 22 at 2 p.m. at the Shingle Springs Community Center, 4440 South Shingle Road in Shingle Springs. Please join us. Bring your memories and maybe a dessert or finger food to share (remember, Bill loved sweets). Drinks will be provided. Bill’s favorite charity was Shiners Hospital for Children, 2425 Stockton Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95817. 0 SHARES FacebookTwitter Contributor Story Archive Search Recent Posts Fish on Fishing derby Fine time for felines Cat show School administrators recognized Millions more approved for EID storm related repairs Riders battle elements, deteriorating course Sports Scene Larson, Abreu to race at Placerville track Outside with Charlie: More snow Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed Stars and Stripes, April 10, 2017 Home Source, April 7, 2017 The Gold Mine, April 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Good Living, November 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Fall Home Improvement 2016 Health and Wellness 2016 Adventures Spring/Summer 2016 Summer Sunsational 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Spring/Summer 2016 Happy Healthy Pets 2016 Top Achievers of 2015 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 Reader’s Choice 2015 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Women’s Health 2015 Medical Profiles 2015 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Don't Miss: IT Salary Survey 2017: Highlights What C-level leaders need to know about cybersecurity Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. IT Resume Makeover: Transitioning from IT pro to IT leader What it takes to become an application security engineer Review: Amazon QuickSight covers the BI basics Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite management More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Enterprise Applications CRM IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Business Software in the App Age By Ben Kepes, star Thought Leader, Computerworld | Apr 11, 2017 7:58 AM PT Opinions expressed by ICN authors are their own. News Analysis Sprinklr takes on the big boys of customer experience It’s a busy space with some high-profile players, so you’d be forgiven for being unaware of Sprinklr. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Michael Mol More like this Get to know the Premier 100 Class of 2017 Dell Boomi bringing startup mentality to hybrid cloud market Nasuni CEO: ‘We’re going to liberate you from the bottleneck around your files’ Video Choosing technologies to drive digital transformation So-called customer experience management (CXM) is a general term for technology solutions that help companies deliver all of the stuff that faces their customer -- marketing, advertising, support services and the actually commercial transaction functions. Different vendors approach it in different ways. Adobe, for example, comes to it from a creative perspective and goes heavy on the content creation tools. Salesforce and Microsoft, by comparison, have their start in CXM in the customer-relationship management aspects and hence are heavier on this more transactional area. But whichever way they approach it, increasingly the big technology vendors are thinking about what CXM means for them and how they can grasp the huge market opportunity that exists. One company that doesn’t normally appear in the examples alongside Microsoft, Salesforce, Adobe and the other big players is Sprinklr. The company calls itself a $1.8 billion startup -- something of a contradiction from what I know of the startup world. No matter the nomenclature, who is this Sprinklr crowd? The company has a presence in 150 countries and involvement with 1,200 customers including such high-profile ones as Nike, McDonald’s, Microsoft (!), P&G and Samsung. Sprinklr’s 1200 employees help these customers create customer experiences across the myriad of different social channels available to them. And while relatively unknown, it’s still a real player, having raised around a quarter of a billion dollars in investment in the few years since its founding. The company is today announcing five extensions to its CXM offering with specific tailored solutions for the different customer-facing parts of a business -- marketing, advertising, research, care and commerce. While individual solutions that work on a standalone basis, they all fall under a consistent global platform. Thus Sprinklr is fulfilling both the point solution requirement, and the broad horizontal platform one. In its briefing notes related to the launch, Sprinklr is quick to differentiate the situation today from when it was founded back in 2009: “When Sprinklr was founded, most enterprises thought the rise of social meant finding a way to 'manage' the proliferation of new channels. Today, they’re realizing something more. They’re seeing that social is really about managing the disruption caused by connected customers who trust one another more than they trust brands; who expect to be known and served on-demand and on their terms; and who advocate and criticize with equal and forceful power.” All good stuff. But what are the platform requirements to handle this new, more mature, complex and nuanced relationship? According to Sprinklr it’s all about plugging email and CRM into the experience platform and thereby reducing the silos that exist in terms of customer data -- by combining all of this information, Sprinklr suggests that data can be extracted and placed alongside the human context that only social can provide to create a comprehensive view of each customer -- one that recognizes them not as data points, but as a person. So all of that is a long-winded way of saying that these five new discrete offerings all help, in their specific areas, to combine and connect customer information to enable more targeted and, hence, more effective engagement. Building influence, better targeting, tighter personalization and more effective planning all drops out of that. MyPOV It’s very hard to simultaneously talk about the efficiencies of a cohesive platform and also push the idea of discrete solutions. Every larger vendor struggles with this -- but whereas a Microsoft or a Salesforce has sufficient cloud to overcome the potential messaging difficulties around a vast and sprawling platform, Sprinklr doesn’t have quite that impact yet. It is, therefore, articulating a message which, by definition, is somewhat contradictory. That’s not to say that what Sprinklr is offering doesn’t have value -- it certainly does. But unless you’re a customer who is implementing the entire platform across every part of your customer-facing footprint, you’re going to find it hard to avoid those silos and issues that Sprinklr talks about. Time will tell how effective they are at resolving those issues. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? Related: CRM Cloud Computing Ben Kepes covers how technology helps business compete. Follow 10 hidden features in the new Windows 10 Creators Update You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources White Paper A New Methodology For Quantifying Risks Case Study Sponsored Case Study: School District Cuts Communications Costs by 75% adopting Cloud-Based Unified Communications White Paper Cloud-based Unified Communications Buyer's Guide White Paper Cloud Communications: Proven Implementation Strategies Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Migration: Move for Windows Demonstration Go Top Stories Boeing turns to 3D-printed parts to save millions on its 787 Dreamliner Boeing will begin using at least four, and perhaps as many as 1,000, 3D-printed titanium parts to... Review: Windows 10 Creators Update is here and worth the download (with video) Windows 10 Creators Update, the latest version of Microsoft's new operating system update, offers some... Why smart stores don't check out Amazon, Starbucks and Apple want you to walk into their stores, pick up your items, then walk right... How A.I. could help United Airlines avoid overbooking problems It's artificial intelligence to the rescue for United Airlines' passenger problems. Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Dental Veneers Market – Global Industry Key Players, Development Status, Type and Application, Forecast 2017 – 2022 WiseGuyReports.com adds “Dental Veneers Market 2017 Global Analysis, Growth, Trends, Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database. PUNE, INDIA, April 11, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Dental Veneers Market: Executive Summary In this report, the global Dental Veneers market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Dental Veneers in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1171584-global-dental-veneers-market-research-report-2017 Global Dental Veneers market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Colgate-Plmolive Dentsply International Zimmer PHILIPS DenMat Ultradent Products Lion Henkel Trident Sirona Dental Systems A-Dec Align Technology Biolase Planmeca Oy P&G Unilever Johnson & Johnson Church & Dwight On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Natural Dental Veneers Plant Dental Veneers On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Dental Veneers for each application, including Hospital Clinic Access Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1171584-global-dental-veneers-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Dental Veneers Market Research Report 2017 1 Dental Veneers Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Dental Veneers 1.2 Dental Veneers Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Dental Veneers Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Dental Veneers Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Natural Dental Veneers 1.2.4 Plant Dental Veneers 1.3 Global Dental Veneers Segment by Application 1.3.1 Dental Veneers Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospital 1.3.3 Clinic 1.4 Global Dental Veneers Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Dental Veneers Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Dental Veneers (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Dental Veneers Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Dental Veneers Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Dental Veneers Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Dental Veneers Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Dental Veneers Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Dental Veneers Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Dental Veneers Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Dental Veneers Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Dental Veneers Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Dental Veneers Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Dental Veneers Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Dental Veneers Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion … 7 Global Dental Veneers Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Colgate-Plmolive 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Colgate-Plmolive Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Dentsply International 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Dentsply International Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Zimmer 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Zimmer Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 PHILIPS 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 PHILIPS Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 DenMat 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 DenMat Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Ultradent Products 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Ultradent Products Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Lion 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Lion Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Henkel 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Henkel Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Trident 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Trident Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Sirona Dental Systems 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Sirona Dental Systems Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 A-Dec 7.12 Align Technology 7.13 Biolase 7.14 Planmeca Oy 7.15 P&G 7.16 Unilever 7.17 Johnson & Johnson 7.18 Church & Dwight …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1171584 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Offshore Wind Turbine Installation Vessel Market Professional Survey Report 2017-Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Handmade Eyelash 2017 Global Market Share,Growth,Trends & Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Produce Safety a Hot Topic at Global Food Safety Initiative’s 2017 Conference HouseCallsNow Inc. and SecondOpinionExpert Inc. form Strategic Partnership Stetson Law Students Win Awards in Three Categories at International Moot Court Competition in Hong Kong Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES INDIA April 12, 2017 | Last updated 4 minutes ago 24KGold-- usd---- 26Events in next 7 days   Hot Topics: IPL Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News UAE36 Courts4 Crime1 Education3 Emergencies Environment2 Government13 Health6 Culture2 Property Leisure2 Media Society11 Tourism2 Transport5 Weather More20 General top stories in UAE Look: RTA, Police chiefs play foosball UAE to give Dh500m in aid to famine-hit Somalia Rulers attend wedding reception Gulf8 Bahrain1 Kuwait1 Oman1 Qatar1 Saudi Arabia3 Yemen1 top stories in Gulf Philippine and Saudi leaders hold talks High accident payouts choke insurance companies Call to give citizenship to stateless rejected Mena18 Algeria Djibouti Egypt3 Eritrea Iran Iraq3 Jordan Lebanon Libya Mauritania Morocco Palestine1 Somalia1 South Sudan Sudan2 Syria6 Tunisia Turkey top stories in Mena 'No doubt' Syrian regime behind chemical attack Egypt’s parliament approves state of emergency US, Russia jab over Syria before talks in Moscow Europe6 UK2 Germany France1 Italy Spain Netherlands Switzerland Russia1 Other2 top stories in Europe Stockholm suspect admits terrorist crime Rich countries criticised over aid priorities All bomb suspects from Central Asia — Russia Africa2 South Africa2 Nigeria Kenya Other top stories in Africa South Africa: Pressure on Zuma builds Court to hear case for secret ballot on Zuma Gunmen ambush near Lagos kills six Asia29 Afghanistan Australia2 India13 Pakistan6 Philippines1 Sri Lanka Bangladesh China3 Japan North Korea2 South Korea Nepal Other top stories in Asia Tensions simmer over spy’s death sentence India warns Pakistan against executing ‘spy’ Asian doctor dragged off plane due to race? Americas12 USA10 Canada Mexico1 Brazil Argentina Other top stories in Americas At last! United chief sorry for plane episode Plane nose down after highway landing United Airlines officer put on leave Offbeat Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport 4 Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Indian TV advert showing adored transgender mother goes viral The 3.5-minute commercial has racked up more than 9 million views on YouTube Image Credit: Vicks India/Facebook The advert for Vicks is narrated by Gayatri, who was adopted as a young girl after the death of her birth mother. Published: 15:59 April 11, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Mumbai: A television commercial that tells the real-life story of a transgender woman and her adopted daughter has sparked a conversation about transgender rights in India, where the community still faces deep biases despite gaining rights. The advertisement for Procter & Gamble’s Vicks brand is narrated by Gayatri, who was adopted as a young girl after the death of her birth mother, a sex worker, by Gauri Sawant. The 3.5 minute commercial has racked up more than 9 million views on YouTube since its release two weeks ago. As Gayatri, 15, tells the story of how she came to live with “mummy”, who cooks her favourite foods and watches horror films with her, her mother is revealed to be a transgender woman. “Mom has faced so many problems in life,” Gayatri says. “Everyone is entitled to basic rights. Then why is my mom denied them? That’s why ... I will become a lawyer. For my mom.” In a landmark judgement in 2014, India’s Supreme Court ruled that transgender people had equal rights under the law and granted legal status to the third gender. Transgender women, known as hijras, have long been considered auspicious in India. They feature in Hindu mythology, and their blessings are sought at weddings and births. But most of the country’s 2 million transgender people face discrimination from a young age. They now have the right to marry and inherit property, and are eligible for quotas for jobs and in educational institutions, but they are not allowed to adopt. Several transgender people use loopholes to become a guardian rather than a parent, but the process is arduous and uncertain, said Pallav Patankar at LGBTQ organisation Humsafar Trust. “The ad rightly shows that trans women can also be loving, capable mothers,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. “Why not allow them to adopt kids who are otherwise languishing in homes?” Since being included in India’s census survey for the first time in 2011, there have been moves to extend more benefits to transgender people, including pension and housing. A pop band of transgender women even featured on the soundtrack of a Bollywood movie last year. But biases still persist, said Sawant, a social worker. “My family threw me out of the house when I was 18, and hasn’t made contact since,” she said. “We have more rights, but people still view us differently. We just want to be educated, go to work and be able to raise children, like everyone else.” More from India India warns Pakistan against executing ‘spy’ Timeline of Indian spies sentenced in Pakistan Former revenue boss’ property seized in Bihar To stop lovers eloping, village bans cell phones Indian fishermen save Pakistanis from drowning Malayalam to be compulsory in Kerala schools Taking the web to children in India desert Andhra likely to reopen Ayesha Meera case tags from this storyIndia follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsAsiaIndia tagsIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In IndiaIndia warns Pakistan against executing ‘spy’ Framed Gallery Duterte's state visit to Saudi Arabia Pics: Explosion rocks Turkish city of Diyarbakir GNTV Videos PlayChronic parking space shortage in Gold Souq Global Village breaks language barriers Follow us Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Anchor reads news of husband’s death 02Indian ad showing transgender mum goes viral 03Young son's death leaves Azhar devastated Play Chronic parking space shortage in Gold Souq Apr 09, 2017 Play Global Village breaks language barriers Mar 22, 2017 Play Syria: Six years of war in six minutes Mar 14, 2017 Play Dubai celebrates happiness day Mar 18, 2017 7Images Bus, car plunge into crater as road caves in Apr 10, 2017 12Images Jobseekers throng Careers UAE fair Apr 10, 2017 7Images Duterte's state visit to Saudi Arabia Apr 11, 2017 1Image Modi-Turnbull day out in New Delhi Apr 11, 2017 Country in Focus India Capital:New Delhi Population:1.237 billion (WB, 2012) Languages:Hindi, Bengali, Telugu, Marathi, Tamil, Urdu, Gujarati, Kannada, Malayalam, Oriya, Punjabi, Head of State:President Pranab Mukherjee (since 22 July 2012) Follow India on My Gulf News+mgn India Economic Data Select a CountryUnited Arab EmiratesArgentinaBangladeshBahrainBrazilCanadaSwitzerlandGermanyEgyptSpainIranItalyKenyaKoreaKuwaitSri LankaMexicoNigeriaNetherlandsOmanPakistanQatarRussian FederationSyrian Arab RepublicUnited KingdomYemenSouth Africa Select an index From To     powered by India: Weather today today-weatherNew DelhiMumbaiBengalooruAgraKolkataThiruvananthapuramChennai weather-volume Celcius Fahrenheit Most Popular on Gulf News Isra'a Wal Miraj holiday announced in UAE 2017 UAE holidays Indian expat fired over social media abuse Came with no passport, stayed 48 years Anchor reads news of husband’s death Massage card barrage frustrates residents Tough times ahead for Karama’s strip mall Drug mule with 115 pills in stomach held Emirati girl, 5, killed in Dubai fire Close Recommended For You Bridging Dubai’s housing gap with low-cost homesPUBLISHED ON Apr 12, 2017 Alternative investment: serviced apartmentsPUBLISHED ON Apr 12, 2017 4 jailed for disposing of prostitute's bodyPUBLISHED ON Apr 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. to Combine with Atkins Nutritionals Inc. to Form The Simply Good Foods Company NEW YORK and DENVER, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: CPAA) („Conyers Park„), a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company, and an affiliate of Atkins Nutritionals, Inc. („Atkins”), a leading developer, marketer and seller of branded nutritional food and snacking products currently owned by affiliates of Roark Capital Group („Roark”), announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, Conyers Park and Atkins will combine under a new holding company, The Simply Good Foods Company („Simply Good Foods”), which will list on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the symbol SMPL upon closing of the proposed transaction. The new company will have an anticipated initial enterprise value of approximately $856 million, or 11.6x Atkins’ estimated Calendar Year 2017 Pro Forma EBITDA of $74 million. Jim Kilts and Dave West, executive founders of Conyers Park and longtime business leaders in the consumer food sector, will serve as Chairman and Executive Vice Chairman of Simply Good Foods, respectively. Brian Ratzan, also an executive founder of Conyers Park, will become a director of Simply Good Foods. Joseph Scalzo, current Chief Executive Officer of Atkins, will continue in that role and lead the new company. Mr. Kilts commented: „I am excited to help build the Atkins® brand and its promise of simply good and nutritious food. Throughout my career, I have worked on numerous brands that both delight and satisfy consumers. We plan to add to our Simply Good Foods portfolio over time with brands that bring simple goodness, happiness and positive experiences to consumers and their families.” „Atkins is an iconic American brand that has pioneered innovative food and snacking products for consumers who are focused on overall health and wellness,” said Mr. Scalzo. „Atkins is the original innovator of the low-carb, low-sugar, protein-rich approach to nutrition and healthier weight that has been very compelling to our consumers who want to make smarter and healthier choices. As a result, Atkins has become a destination brand in its aisle, and the company has achieved eight consecutive years of retail sales growth. „Roark has been a uniquely valuable and supportive partner to the entire Atkins management team. Their insights and support have helped us thoughtfully grow the brand and business. Looking forward, access to public capital markets, combined with the operating experience and wisdom of Jim and Dave, will allow us to build on Atkins’ brand heritage and consumer loyalty as we focus on growing our brand and introducing it to new consumers,” continued Mr. Scalzo. Mr. West said: „Atkins has many of the attributes that we find compelling: ownership of a unique consumer idea, a solid business model, relevance with key retailers, and a very exciting growth opportunity. With Atkins as the first part of the platform, Simply Good Foods is poised to become a dynamic vehicle for future long-term growth and M&A within both the snacking space and broader food category.” Additional Transaction Terms and Conditions This transaction will be funded through a combination of cash, stock, and debt financing. The selling equity owners of Atkins will receive $730,125,000 in total consideration, inclusive of 10,250,000 shares of common stock of Simply Good Foods valued at $10.00 per share, subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the definitive agreement. The selling equity owners will also be entitled to cash payments pursuant to a Tax Receivable Agreement relating to certain Atkins’ income tax attributes. Along with the $402.5 million of cash held in Conyers Park’s trust account, Conyers Park has secured commitments for a $100 million common stock private placement at $10.00 per share from large institutional investors including certain funds managed by Fidelity Management and Research Company or its affiliates, one or more funds managed by Capital Research and Management Company, and funds and accounts advised by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. The proposed stock ownership of Simply Good Foods includes the investment in Conyers Park’s initial public offering (57%), the selling equity owners of Atkins (15%), Conyers Park Founders (14%), and the common stock private placement investment (14%). Goldman Sachs & Co. acted as placement agent on the common stock private placement in connection with the transaction. The proposed transaction includes committed debt financing from Barclays and Goldman Sachs & Co. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is acting as financial and capital markets advisor to Atkins. Kirkland & Ellis LLP is acting as legal advisor to Conyers Park. King & Spalding LLP is acting as legal advisor to Atkins. The board of directors of Conyers Park has unanimously approved the proposed transaction.  Completion of the proposed transaction, which is expected in June 2017, is subject to customary and other closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, receipt of approvals from Conyers Park’s stockholders, and completion of the offer for Conyers Park’s stockholders to redeem their shares. Conference Call Information At 8:00 AM ET on April 11, 2017, Conyers Park will be holding an investor teleconference and web presentation to discuss the transaction. The call and webcast can be accessed by dialing (877) 865-3006 (domestic toll-free number) or (973) 935-8772 (international) using conference ID: 4485597 or by visiting http://event.on24.com/clients/messagebank/ConyersPark. A replay of the teleconference and webcast will also be available from April 11, 2017 to April 18, 2017. The replay can be accessed by dialing (800) 585-8367 (domestic toll-free number) or (404) 537-3406 (international) using conference ID: 4485597 or by visiting http://event.on24.com/clients/messagebank/ConyersPark. A replay of the teleconference as well as the investor presentation will also be available on Conyers Park’s website, www.centerviewcapital.com/conyers-park. Media Contacts Christina Stenson / Julien Trosdorf Brunswick Group 415-671-7545 cstenson@brunswickgroup.com  jtrosdorf@brunswickgroup.com  About Atkins Nutritionals, Inc. Atkins Nutritionals, Inc. is a growing developer, marketer and seller of branded nutritional food and snacking products. Its highly-focused product portfolio consists primarily of nutrition bars, ready-to-drink shakes, snacks and confectionery products marketed under the Atkins®, SimplyProtein®, Atkins Endulge®, Atkins Harvest Trail, and Atkins Lift brand names. Over the past 45 years, Atkins has become an iconic American brand rooted in the nutritional principles of reduced sugar and carbohydrates, with optimal protein and good fats. Atkins products are available online at Atkins.com and in more than 43,000 locations throughout the U.S. and internationally. To learn more about Atkins, visit www.atkins.com. About Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. Conyers Park is a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in July 2016. Conyers Park was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or business combination with one or more businesses. Conyers Park is sponsored by Conyers Park LLC, which was formed for the express purpose of acting as the sponsor for Conyers Park. Conyers Park LLC is an affiliate of Centerview Capital, an investment company founded in 2006 by Mr. Jim Kilts, former Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Gillette, former Vice Chairman of the Board of The Procter & Gamble Company, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Nabisco, former Executive Vice President of The Philip Morris Companies, former President of Kraft USA and Oscar Mayer, and former Chairman of the Board of Nielsen Holdings N.V. For more information, please visit www.centerviewcapital.com/conyers-park. Conyers Park common stock, units and warrants are listed on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange under the symbols „CPAA”, „CPAA.U” and „CPAA.W”, respectively. About Roark Capital Roark focuses on franchised and multi-unit business models in the retail, restaurant, consumer and business services sectors. Since inception, affiliates of Roark have invested in 59 franchise/multi-unit brands, which have generated $24 billion in annual system revenues from 27,000 locations in 50 states and 75 countries. Roark’s current brands include Anytime Fitness, Arby’s, Atkins Nutritionals, Batteries Plus Bulbs, CKE Restaurants (the owner of Carl Jr.’s and Hardee’s), Corner Bakery, Driven Brands (the owner of Maaco, Meineke, CARSTAR, 1-800 Radiator and Take 5 Oil Change), Drybar, FOCUS Brands (the owner of Auntie Anne’s Pretzels, Carvel Ice Cream, Cinnabon, McAlister’s Deli, Moe’s Southwest Grill, and Schlotzsky’s), Great Expressions Dental Centers, Il Fornaio, Jimmy John’s, Massage Envy, Miller’s Ale House, Naf Naf Grill, Orangetheory Fitness, Pet Retail Brands (the owner of Pet Supermarket and Pet Valu), Primrose Schools, and Waxing the City. For more information, please visit www.roarkcapital.com. About The Simply Good Foods Company The Simply Good Foods Company, or „Simply Good Foods”, is the company created by the business combination of Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. and Atkins Nutritionals. Simply Good Foods will look to expand its platform through investment opportunities in the snacking space and broader food category. Over time, Simply Good Foods will look to become a portfolio of brands that bring simple goodness, happiness and positive experiences to consumers and their families. Simply Good Foods will list its common stock and warrants on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the symbols „SMPL” and „SMPL.W”, respectively. Forward Looking Statements This communication includes „forward-looking statements” regarding Atkins and Conyers Park that reflect the current views of management of Atkins and Conyers Park that are based on information currently available, including their financial conditions, their results of operations, the proposed transaction between Conyers Park and Atkins, the estimated or anticipated future results of the combined company and the benefits of the proposed transaction, the likelihood and ability of the parties to successfully consummate the proposed transaction, and future opportunities for the combined company. This information is, where applicable, based on estimates, assumptions and analyses that Atkins and Conyers Park believe, as of the date hereof, provide a reasonable basis for the information contained herein.  Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as „may,” „will,” „would,” „could,” „expect,” „intend,” „plan,” „aim,” „estimate,” „target,” „anticipate,” „believe,” „continue,” „objectives,” „outlook,” „guidance” or other similar words, and include statements regarding the plans, strategies, objectives, targets, and expected financial performance of Atkins and Conyers Park.  These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside the control of Atkins and Conyers Park and their respective officers, employees, agents, or associates, including: changes in the business environment, including general financial, economic and regulatory conditions affecting the industry in which Atkins operates; changes in taxes, governmental laws, and regulations; competitive product and pricing activity; difficulties of managing growth profitably; the loss of one or more members of Atkins’ or Conyers Park’s management teams; the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the proposed transaction, including the risk that the required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed transaction or that the approval of the stockholders of Conyers Park is not obtained; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction, including as a result of a delay in consummating the proposed transaction; the inability to realize the expected amount and timing of cost savings and operating synergies; the risks discussed in Conyers Park’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 under the heading „Risk Factors,” as updated from time to time by Conyers Park’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other documents of Conyers Park on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”) or in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 that will be filed with the SEC by The Simply Good Foods Company (the „Registration Statement”). There may be additional risks that neither Conyers Park nor Atkins presently know or that Conyers Park or Atkins currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially and potentially adversely from any projections and forward-looking statements and the assumptions on which those forward-looking statements are based. There can be no assurance that the data contained herein is reflective of future performance to any degree. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a predictor of future performance as projected financial information, cost savings, synergies, and other information are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to various significant risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of Atkins and Conyers Park. All information herein speaks only as of the date hereof.  Atkins and Conyers Park undertake no duty to update or revise the information contained herein, publicly or otherwise. Forecasts and estimates regarding Atkins’ industry are based on sources Atkins and Conyers Park believe to be reliable, however there can be no assurance these forecasts and estimates will prove accurate in whole or in part. Disclaimer This communication shall neither constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Additional Information and Where to Find It For additional information on the proposed transaction, see Conyers Park’s Current Report on Form 8-K, which will be filed promptly. In connection with the proposed transaction, The Simply Good Foods Company intends to file a Registration Statement on Form S-4, which will include a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus of Conyers Park. Conyers Park will mail a definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents to its stockholders. Investors and security holders of Conyers Park are advised to read, when available, the preliminary proxy statement, and amendments thereto, and the definitive proxy statement in connection with Conyers Park’s solicitation of proxies for its special meeting of stockholders to be held to approve the proposed transaction because the proxy statement/prospectus will contain important information about the proposed transaction and the parties to the proposed transaction.  The definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to stockholders of Conyers Park as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed transaction.  Stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement, proxy statement/prospectus, and Form 8-K, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Participants in the Solicitation Conyers Park and Atkins and their respective directors, executive officers, other members of management, and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Conyers Park’s stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction.  Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names and interests in the proposed transaction of Conyers Park’s directors and officers in Conyers Park’s filings with the SEC, including Conyers Park’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on March 31, 2017, and Conyers Park’s Current Report on Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on April 11, 2017, and such information will also be in the Registration Statement to be filed with the SEC by The Simply Good Foods Company, which will include the proxy statement/prospectus of Conyers Park for the proposed transaction. Non-GAAP Financial Measure and Related Information This communication includes Pro Forma EBITDA, a financial measure that is not prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles („GAAP”). The items excluded from Pro Forma EBITDA are important in understanding Pro Forma EBITDA. Pro Forma EBITDA is defined as EBITDA (which is defined as net income (loss), before interest expense, income tax benefit (expense), and depreciation and amortization expense) as explained in the investor presentation filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Conyers Park with the SEC today. Atkins management believes that this non-GAAP measure of financial results provides useful information to management and investors regarding certain financial and business trends relating to Atkins’ financial condition and results of operations. You should review the reconciliation of Atkins’ non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures which will be contained in the Registration Statement and investor presentation to be filed by The Simply Good Foods Company, and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate Atkins’ business. In addition, certain of the financial information of Atkins contained herein is unaudited and does not conform to SEC Regulation S-X and as a result such information may be presented differently in future filings by The Simply Good Foods Company with the SEC. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/conyers-park-acquisition-corp-to-combine-with-atkins-nutritionals-inc-to-form-the-simply-good-foods-company-300437878.html SOURCE Conyers Park Acquisition Corp. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers, Conference Call Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Axovant Sciences Ltd. Announces Pricing of $125M Public Offering of Common Shares Next PostNext Insurance Wholesaler Socius Insurance Services, Inc. Celebrates Twenty Years of Business Search Recent Posts Criminal Victimization, 2015 Jails in Indian Country, 2015 Publicly Funded Forensic Crime Laboratories: Resources and Services, 2014 Determining the Optimal Number of Interview Waves in a Panel Survey with Application to the NCVS: Evaluation and Recommendations State-Administered Indigent Defense Systems, 2013 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan The Express Tribune > Pakistan   Indian TV commercial showing adored transgender mother goes viral Share Tweet Indian TV commercial showing adored transgender mother goes viral The 3.5 minute commer­cial has racked up more than nine millio­n views on YouTub­e since its releas­e two weeks ago By Thomson Reuters Foundation Published: April 11, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email A screengrab from the TV ad. MUMBAI: A television commercial that tells the real-life story of a transgender woman and her adopted daughter has sparked a conversation about transgender rights in India, where the community still faces deep biases despite gaining rights. The advertisement for Procter & Gamble’s Vicks brand is narrated by Gayatri, who was adopted as a young girl after the death of her birth mother, a sex worker, by Gauri Sawant. Transgender women teach underprivileged children The 3.5 minute commercial has racked up more than nine million views on YouTube since its release two weeks ago. As Gayatri, 15, tells the story of how she came to live with “mummy”, who cooks her favourite foods and watches horror films with her, her mother is revealed to be a transgender woman. “Mom has faced so many problems in life,” Gayatri says. “Everyone is entitled to basic rights. Then why is my mom denied them? That’s why … I will become a lawyer. For my mom.” In a landmark judgment in 2014, India’s Supreme Court ruled that transgender people had equal rights under the law and granted legal status to the third gender. Transgender women, known as hijras, have long been considered auspicious in India. They feature in Hindu mythology, and their blessings are sought at weddings and births. But most of the country’s 2 million transgender people face discrimination from a young age. They now have the right to marry and inherit property, and are eligible for quotas for jobs and in educational institutions, but they are not allowed to adopt. Several transgender people use loopholes to become a guardian rather than a parent, but the process is arduous and uncertain, said Pallav Patankar at LGBTQ organisation Humsafar Trust. “The ad rightly shows that trans women can also be loving, capable mothers,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. “Why not allow them to adopt kids who are otherwise languishing in homes?” Since being included in India’s census survey for the first time in 2011, there have been moves to extend more benefits to transgender people, including pension and housing. Pakistan’s first transgender model makes debut with stunning photoshoot A pop band of transgender women even featured on the soundtrack of a Bollywood movie last year. But biases still persist, said Sawant, a social worker. “My family threw me out of the house when I was 18, and hasn’t made contact since,” she said. “We have more rights, but people still view us differently. We just want to be educated, go to work and be able to raise children, like everyone else.”   Watch the video below:   Read more: Advertisement , india , Latest Read full story Recommended Stories 'Use technology to fight for transgender rights' Activist Kami Sid urges youth to be more accepting, understanding of transgender persons Rights of transgender persons The rights that they have been given on paper should be given in reality as well Breaking trans barriers one barbell at a time in Vietnam The Vietnamese government is drafting a landmark law that could allow some trans people to legally change their gender Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 These countries offer visa-free entry to Pakistanis 2 Prince Saad bin Faisal of Saudi Arabia passes away 3 Panamagate verdict will last for centuries: judge 4 India will go out of its way to save Yadav from death row: Sushma Swaraj 5 Self-confessed Indian spy awarded death sentence 6 RAW, NDS want to kill me: Afghan MP 7 India should support Balochistan separation if Yadav is executed: BJP MP 8 This Pakistani artist's futuristic depiction will blow you away 9 Man 'loses' car for making 'easy money' 10 Uzair Baloch taken into military custody: ISPR Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof More in PakistanRAW, NDS want to kill me: Afghan MP © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search Indian TV commercial showing adored transgender mother goes viral by Rina Chandran | @rinachandran | Thomson Reuters Foundation Tuesday, 11 April 2017 08:53 GMT In this 2014 archive photo a participant holds a rainbow coloured placard during Delhi Queer Pride Parade, an event promoting gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender rights, in New Delhi. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi About our Humanitarian coverage From major disaster, conflicts and under-reported stories, we shine a light on the world’s humanitarian hotspots Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Evictions could force out 10,000 Syrian refugees from Lebanon Kenyan herders flout trespassing law in conflict over grazing World can peak planet-warming emissions by 2020 Evangelicalism grows in Brazil's favelas amid poverty and violence Argentina grants 1,000 scholarships to Syria refugees Commercial sparks a conversation about transgender rights in India, where the community still faces deep biases despite gaining rights By Rina Chandran MUMBAI, April 11 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A television commercial that tells the real-life story of a transgender woman and her adopted daughter has sparked a conversation about transgender rights in India, where the community still faces deep biases despite gaining rights. The advertisement for Procter & Gamble's Vicks brand is narrated by Gayatri, who was adopted as a young girl after the death of her birth mother, a sex worker, by Gauri Sawant. The 3.5 minute commercial has racked up more than 9 million views on YouTube since its release two weeks ago. As Gayatri, 15, tells the story of how she came to live with "mummy", who cooks her favourite foods and watches horror films with her, her mother is revealed to be a transgender woman. "Mom has faced so many problems in life," Gayatri says. "Everyone is entitled to basic rights. Then why is my mom denied them? That's why ... I will become a lawyer. For my mom." In a landmark judgment in 2014, India's Supreme Court ruled that transgender people had equal rights under the law and granted legal status to the third gender. Transgender women, known as hijras, have long been considered auspicious in India. They feature in Hindu mythology, and their blessings are sought at weddings and births. But most of the country's 2 million transgender people face discrimination from a young age. They now have the right to marry and inherit property, and are eligible for quotas for jobs and in educational institutions, but they are not allowed to adopt. Several transgender people use loopholes to become a guardian rather than a parent, but the process is arduous and uncertain, said Pallav Patankar at LGBTQ organisation Humsafar Trust. "The ad rightly shows that trans women can also be loving, capable mothers," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. "Why not allow them to adopt kids who are otherwise languishing in homes?" Since being included in India's census survey for the first time in 2011, there have been moves to extend more benefits to transgender people, including pension and housing. A pop band of transgender women even featured on the soundtrack of a Bollywood movie last year. But biases still persist, said Sawant, a social worker. "My family threw me out of the house when I was 18, and hasn't made contact since," she said. "We have more rights, but people still view us differently. We just want to be educated, go to work and be able to raise children, like everyone else." (Reporting by Rina Chandran @rinachandran, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.) Themes Human Rights Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE Humanitarian NEWS Two Indonesians face 100 strokes of cane if found guilty of gay sex Original INTERVIEW-Human trafficking risks to LGBTQ people poorly understood - campaigner Original Dutch men hold hands in protest against anti-gay violence Nightmare looms for transgender Thais at army draft About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Millions of migrant Gulf workers forced to pay for right to work - report INTERVIEW-Nepal quake survivors at risk again with a third of homes poorly built Indian police widen trafficking probe after death of 12-year-old maid Rich countries criticised for using aid money to host refugees instead of tackling poverty Indian TV commercial showing adored transgender mother goes viral Post-Brexit Britain more politically active - study Kenya learns to cook with solar power – even when the sun doesn’t shine El Nino linked to cholera outbreaks in Africa - study Evictions could force out 10,000 Syrian refugees from Lebanon's Bekaa valley - UN Residents say one dead, shacks razed as Lagos defies court ban on slum eviction Join Us
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Goodluck India shines on plans to setup new manufacturing unit Rural Electrification Corporation leads gainers on BSE's 'A' group Business Standard FMCG shares advance Capital Market  April 11, 2017 Last Updated at 13:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUuukq ALSO READ Strong market breadth Market slides further on weak European cues Shares jump on strong global signals Sensex, Nifty hit over two-week high Shares hover in range Key benchmark indices hovered in a narrow range in positive zone in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 170.35 points or 0.58% at 29,746.09. The Nifty 50 index was up 40.85 points or 0.44% at 9,222.30. Domestic bourses bucked weak trend witnessed in most of the European and Asian markets. Market held firm after extending initial gains after witnessing a positive opening. The BSE Mid-Cap index rose 0.32%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index advanced 0.63%, outperforming the Sensex. The breadth, indicating overall health of the market, was strong. On BSE, 1,655 shares rose and 1,056 shares fell. A total of 123 shares were unchanged. Among sectoral stocks, pharma counter witnessed a mixed. Wockhardt (up 1.24%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.62%), Lupin (up 0.58%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.22%) and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.09%) edged higher. Ipca Laboratories (down 1.48%), Cipla (down 0.9%), Alkem Laboratories (down 0.85%), GlaxoSmithkline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.79%) and Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.09%) edged lower. FMCG shares advanced. Bajaj Corp (up 2.38%), Dabur India (up 0.54%), Britannia Industries (up 0.45%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (up 0.36%), Marico (up 0.32%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.03%) edged higher. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.28%), Nestle India (down 0.26%) and Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.1%) edged lower. Goodluck India rose 4.11% after the company announced that it is coming up with new manufacturing facility for its existing line of business in Gujarat. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 10 April 2017. The company's existing manufacturing capacity is 2.30 lakh MTPA and presently running at optimal capacity utilization. The proposed manufacturing facility of about 72,000 MTPA will add in the company's total production capacity, Goodluck India said. The proposed manufacturing facility is coming up at company's already owned land in Gujarat with the total investment of Rs 74 crore which will be met by debt and internal accruals/promoters contribution. The plant is expected to be commissioned by April 2018, the company said. Overseas, European and Asian stocks declined as rising tensions in the Middle East and political uncertainty in Europe kept investors on edge, underpinning safe assets such as the yen, gold and treasuries. The upcoming French presidential election and the heightened tensions in the Middle East following the US strikes on Syria have left investors nervous even as a raft of global data over recent months have pointed to a steadily improving global economy. In France, polls for many weeks have been showing centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen on track to top the first round of voting on 23 April and go through to a 7 May runoff. US stocks closed fractionally higher yesterday, 10 April 2017, amid geopolitical tensions while investors looked ahead to the start of earnings season. Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen indicated yesterday that the era of extremely stimulative monetary policy was coming to an end. In a public discussion at the University of Michigan, Yellen said the Fed was moving away from its efforts to revive a recession-scarred economy and focusing instead on maintaining the gains of the past few years. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Shares | Bse | Ist | Nifty | Sensex | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Enhance Your Negotiation Skills with MIT Faculty. FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Learn Negotiation Strategies and Tactics from MIT New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep FMCG shares advance Key benchmark indices hovered in a narrow range in positive zone in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 170.35 points or 0.58% at 29,746.09. The Nifty 50 index was up 40.85 points or 0.44% at 9,222.30. Domestic bourses bucked weak trend witnessed in most of the European and Asian markets. Key benchmark indices hovered in a narrow range in positive zone in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 170.35 points or 0.58% at 29,746.09. The Nifty 50 index was up 40.85 points or 0.44% at 9,222.30. Domestic bourses bucked weak trend witnessed in most of the European and Asian markets. Market held firm after extending initial gains after witnessing a positive opening. The BSE Mid-Cap index rose 0.32%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index advanced 0.63%, outperforming the Sensex. The breadth, indicating overall health of the market, was strong. On BSE, 1,655 shares rose and 1,056 shares fell. A total of 123 shares were unchanged. Among sectoral stocks, pharma counter witnessed a mixed. Wockhardt (up 1.24%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.62%), Lupin (up 0.58%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.22%) and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.09%) edged higher. Ipca Laboratories (down 1.48%), Cipla (down 0.9%), Alkem Laboratories (down 0.85%), GlaxoSmithkline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.79%) and Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.09%) edged lower. FMCG shares advanced. Bajaj Corp (up 2.38%), Dabur India (up 0.54%), Britannia Industries (up 0.45%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (up 0.36%), Marico (up 0.32%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.03%) edged higher. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.28%), Nestle India (down 0.26%) and Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.1%) edged lower. Goodluck India rose 4.11% after the company announced that it is coming up with new manufacturing facility for its existing line of business in Gujarat. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 10 April 2017. The company's existing manufacturing capacity is 2.30 lakh MTPA and presently running at optimal capacity utilization. The proposed manufacturing facility of about 72,000 MTPA will add in the company's total production capacity, Goodluck India said. The proposed manufacturing facility is coming up at company's already owned land in Gujarat with the total investment of Rs 74 crore which will be met by debt and internal accruals/promoters contribution. The plant is expected to be commissioned by April 2018, the company said. Overseas, European and Asian stocks declined as rising tensions in the Middle East and political uncertainty in Europe kept investors on edge, underpinning safe assets such as the yen, gold and treasuries. The upcoming French presidential election and the heightened tensions in the Middle East following the US strikes on Syria have left investors nervous even as a raft of global data over recent months have pointed to a steadily improving global economy. In France, polls for many weeks have been showing centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen on track to top the first round of voting on 23 April and go through to a 7 May runoff. US stocks closed fractionally higher yesterday, 10 April 2017, amid geopolitical tensions while investors looked ahead to the start of earnings season. Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen indicated yesterday that the era of extremely stimulative monetary policy was coming to an end. In a public discussion at the University of Michigan, Yellen said the Fed was moving away from its efforts to revive a recession-scarred economy and focusing instead on maintaining the gains of the past few years. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 FMCG shares advance Key benchmark indices hovered in a narrow range in positive zone in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 170.35 points or 0.58% at 29,746.09. The Nifty 50 index was up 40.85 points or 0.44% at 9,222.30. Domestic bourses bucked weak trend witnessed in most of the European and Asian markets. Market held firm after extending initial gains after witnessing a positive opening. The BSE Mid-Cap index rose 0.32%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index advanced 0.63%, outperforming the Sensex. The breadth, indicating overall health of the market, was strong. On BSE, 1,655 shares rose and 1,056 shares fell. A total of 123 shares were unchanged. Among sectoral stocks, pharma counter witnessed a mixed. Wockhardt (up 1.24%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.62%), Lupin (up 0.58%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.22%) and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.09%) edged higher. Ipca Laboratories (down 1.48%), Cipla (down 0.9%), Alkem Laboratories (down 0.85%), GlaxoSmithkline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.79%) and Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.09%) edged lower. FMCG shares advanced. Bajaj Corp (up 2.38%), Dabur India (up 0.54%), Britannia Industries (up 0.45%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (up 0.36%), Marico (up 0.32%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.03%) edged higher. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.28%), Nestle India (down 0.26%) and Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.1%) edged lower. Goodluck India rose 4.11% after the company announced that it is coming up with new manufacturing facility for its existing line of business in Gujarat. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 10 April 2017. The company's existing manufacturing capacity is 2.30 lakh MTPA and presently running at optimal capacity utilization. The proposed manufacturing facility of about 72,000 MTPA will add in the company's total production capacity, Goodluck India said. The proposed manufacturing facility is coming up at company's already owned land in Gujarat with the total investment of Rs 74 crore which will be met by debt and internal accruals/promoters contribution. The plant is expected to be commissioned by April 2018, the company said. Overseas, European and Asian stocks declined as rising tensions in the Middle East and political uncertainty in Europe kept investors on edge, underpinning safe assets such as the yen, gold and treasuries. The upcoming French presidential election and the heightened tensions in the Middle East following the US strikes on Syria have left investors nervous even as a raft of global data over recent months have pointed to a steadily improving global economy. In France, polls for many weeks have been showing centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen on track to top the first round of voting on 23 April and go through to a 7 May runoff. US stocks closed fractionally higher yesterday, 10 April 2017, amid geopolitical tensions while investors looked ahead to the start of earnings season. Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen indicated yesterday that the era of extremely stimulative monetary policy was coming to an end. In a public discussion at the University of Michigan, Yellen said the Fed was moving away from its efforts to revive a recession-scarred economy and focusing instead on maintaining the gains of the past few years. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live PNG 30/4 (9) - UAE (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Malcolm Turnbull Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal Home Lifestyle Indian TV commercial showing adored transgender mother goes viral Shares1 Tue, 11 Apr 2017-02:28pm , Reuters By Rina Chandran MUMBAI, April 11 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A television commercial that tells the real-life story of a transgender woman and her adopted daughter has sparked a conversation about transgender rights in India, where the community still faces deep biases despite gaining rights. The advertisement for Procter & Gamble's Vicks brand is narrated by Gayatri, who was adopted as a young girl after the death of her birth mother, a sex worker, by Gauri Sawant. The 3.5 minute commercial has racked up more than 9 million views on YouTube since its release two weeks ago. As Gayatri, 15, tells the story of how she came to live with "mummy", who cooks her favourite foods and watches horror films with her, her mother is revealed to be a transgender woman. "Mom has faced so many problems in life," Gayatri says. "Everyone is entitled to basic rights. Then why is my mom denied them? That's why ... I will become a lawyer. For my mom." In a landmark judgment in 2014, India's Supreme Court ruled that transgender people had equal rights under the law and granted legal status to the third gender. Transgender women, known as hijras, have long been considered auspicious in India. They feature in Hindu mythology, and their blessings are sought at weddings and births. But most of the country's 2 million transgender people face discrimination from a young age. They now have the right to marry and inherit property, and are eligible for quotas for jobs and in educational institutions, but they are not allowed to adopt. Several transgender people use loopholes to become a guardian rather than a parent, but the process is arduous and uncertain, said Pallav Patankar at LGBTQ organisation Humsafar Trust. "The ad rightly shows that trans women can also be loving, capable mothers," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. "Why not allow them to adopt kids who are otherwise languishing in homes?" Since being included in India's census survey for the first time in 2011, there have been moves to extend more benefits to transgender people, including pension and housing. A pop band of transgender women even featured on the soundtrack of a Bollywood movie last year. But biases still persist, said Sawant, a social worker. "My family threw me out of the house when I was 18, and hasn't made contact since," she said. "We have more rights, but people still view us differently. We just want to be educated, go to work and be able to raise children, like everyone else." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Lifestyle Jain community observes nine-day long Navpada Oli festival Lifestyle Ice, Ice Baby Lifestyle Expect voices from fringe at 2018 Kochi biennale Lifestyle Why multi-generational conversations are important Lifestyle We’re here, we’re queer: Flash mob’s message Lifestyle A family that cubes together stays together Next Article > These stories of students who got accepted into all 8 Ivy League schools will inspire you! Live Cricket Score Live PNG 30/4 (9) UAE (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node These stories of students who got accepted into all 8 Ivy League schools will inspire you! Related If something happens to me, I don't want her to return to the streets: Gauri Sawant Video WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding WATCH: Safari park visitor screams in shock as a camel pokes its face inside her car View all Tags Gayatri Thomson Reuters Foundation Humsafar Trust Mumbai India Supreme Court Gauri Sawant Pallav Patankar Rina Chandran SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News WRAPUP 3-China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of N.Korea tensions in call with Trump China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of North Korea tensions in call with Trump Amit Shah to open three-day Savarkar meet on Apr 21 Abu Sayyaf leader behind execution of foreigners is killed, Philippines says MP cop, who was ridiculed by Shobhaa De on Twitter loses 15 kg, resumes work Sport NHL-Hope renewed for Canadian clubs in Stanley Cup playoffs Soccer-Elmohamady endorses fearless approach for Hull to survive Expected comeback in Pak squad after successful domestic season, says `surprised` Butt Cricket-No balls, wides reign as Bangladesh bowler protests umpiring NHL-Hope renewed for Canadian clubs in Stanley Cup playoffs Entertainment After TVF's Arunabh Kumar row, a ScoopWhoop employee accuses co-founder Suparn Pandey of sexual harassment Baarish from Half Girlfriend: Arjun Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor's romance begins from the rains! SHOCKING! Vidyut Jammwal now LEAKS audio of a drunk Ram Gopal Varma calling Tiger Shroff a transgender 'Thor Ragnarok' becomes 'most watched trailer' for Marvel, Disney Big B shares nostalgic picture of 'Superstar of the day' Money InnoVen Capital doubles deployment pace, aims to fund more startups Hunting reports positive Q1 EBITDA as U.S. shale activity rises Raw sugar imports unlikely to affect sugar prices negatively in the near term Sensex makes a U-turn, drops 165 pts as investors hold back Karnataka Bank slips after ICICI Bank clarifies stock exposure Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion » The Corporate Outsider Last Modified: Wed, Apr 12 2017. 04 59 AM IST Reliance Jio is exploiting the gaps left by Airtel What Reliance Jio has done, at great cost, is to move into all those spaces that were either left vacant or were just not visible to incumbents like Bharti Airtel Subscribe to our newsletter. Sundeep Khanna Over the last six years, Reliance had made its intentions quite clear, first acquiring the broadband network needed to roll out 4G services and then buying a pan-India spectrum. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint Through all the fur that’s been flying around ever since Reliance Jio launched its services in September 2016, it is difficult to escape the conclusion that the existing market leader Bharti Airtel was simply not prepared for the ferocity and the intensity of the churn it would trigger. Reliance Jio’s entry was no surprise. Indeed, the repeated delays in the launch of its services, gave Bharti as well as the other rivals more time to batten down the hatches. Over the last six years, Reliance had made its intentions quite clear, first acquiring the broadband network needed to roll out 4G services and then buying a pan-India spectrum. Indeed, Bharti of all companies already had a taste of what a behemoth like Reliance would mean as a competitor. Reliance’s objective in 2016, as it was in 2002, is to grow the size of the market exponentially and to make money from the ensuing volumes. In 2002, Reliance Infocomm succeeded in opening up the Indian market by crashing prices all the way from Rs8 per minute for incoming calls to less than Re1, with incoming calls and value-added services thrown in free. Within a fortnight of its launch, Infocomm had a million subscribers. Strangely, at that stage, Bharti was a small company lacking in the resources to counter such a capital-intensive battle. But the telecom market of 2017 is vastly different from the one in 2004 that Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani was forced to quit. In these intervening years, Airtel has been the leading market player with a share of over 30%. But being big can sometimes be a handicap. Companies with high market shares in their industries have actually been more vulnerable than would seem—IBM, Gillette, Eastman Kodak, Procter & Gamble, Xerox, General Motors and Caterpillar are some of the companies which lost big to new entrants. The classic case is that of Pan American World Airways, popularly known as known as Pan Am, which was the largest international airline for nearly 70 years since it began operations in 1927. But hit hard by the deregulation of the US airline industry and its failure to come up with a viable domestic network led to a steep and precipitous fall leading to its final bankruptcy in 1991. What Reliance Jio has done, at great cost it must be said, is to move into all those spaces that were either left vacant or were just not visible to incumbents. Free voice as a part of a package where a customer is already paying for data, seems in hindsight an obvious facility. What’s more, by plumbing for an all-data strategy, Jio also seems to have read the changing requirements of Indian customers better. In a statement in February, Ambani claimed India had become the world leader in mobile data usage with Jio users consuming more than 100 crore gigabytes (GB) of data per month. That’s borne out by numbers from market regulator Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) which shows that the entry of Jio in September 2016 led to a sharp rise in data volumes. Even though that is being attributed to Jio’s free offers, what is clear is the latent appetite for data usage in the country. While there is no guarantee that Jio’s market share will lead to commensurate profits, given the massive investments it is throwing behind its many free schemes, it has forced Bharti along with other companies into matching offers. The dynamic would have been vastly different had Airtel chosen to make the same offers a year ago when Jio’s position was relatively uncertain. Now, it is Mukesh Ambani who’s calling the shots, forcing the erstwhile market leader into playing catch-up. Of course, Jio is leveraging the strong balance sheet of its promoter and analysts are right in questioning the viability of such a scorched-earth policy in the long run. But those analyses are based on seeing the market as it is today. What if, as happened a decade ago with voice, the Indian market for data explodes? Jio’s tariff tactics may end up looking quite smart. In any case, it isn’t the first company to use competitive pricing to gain market share. One of the most successful examples of the use of pricing against competition came from an incumbent, Frito-Lay. In the 1980s, under attack from beer-maker Anheuser-Busch’s newly launched snack foods under the Eagle Brand, Frito-Lay struck back with deep across-the-board price cuts eventually forcing the newcomer to capitulate and in 1996 sell off its plants to Frito-Lay and the Eagle snacks brand name to Procter & Gamble Co. The Jio vs Airtel war is just beginning and it is too early to speculate on the winner. But in the early rounds, it is the underdog who has notched up the first points. Sundeep Khanna is a consulting editor at Mint and oversees the newsroom’s corporate coverage. The Corporate Outsider will look at current issues and trends in the corporate sector every week. Click here to read more from The Corporate Outsider. Sundeep Khanna Topics: Reliance Jio Airtel Jio free offers telecom market revenue More From Livemint READ MORE Donald Trump’s H-1B visa curbs might push Indian tech sector Volatile mix of global politics arouses appetite of gold bulls Smartphones that don’t clutter Android First Published: Tue, Apr 11 2017. 12 41 PM IST Editor's Picks How India’s buffalo trade has been battered by vigilantes Is the investment cycle about to turn? Ram Vilas Paswan’s proposed food portion fix throws restaurants into a tizzy Latest News Donald Trump’s H-1B visa curbs might push Indian tech sector Volatile mix of global politics arouses appetite of gold bulls Smartphones that don’t clutter Android UK keen to deepen ties with Narendra Modi regime: Greg Clark Syria will pay heavy price for use of chemical weapons: US Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Liquid Detergent Global Market, Scope, Analysis and Forecasts to 2019 ReportsWeb.com published Liquid Detergent Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 11, 2017 ) Covering: This market research report presents the segmentation of the global liquid detergent market by retail format (hypermarkets and supermarkets, independent stores, and convenience stores) and by geography (Americas, APAC, Europe, and MEA). The report also includes an insightful analysis of the leading companies in the market such as Church & Dwight, Henkel, P&G, Reckitt Benckiser, Clorox, and Unilever. Market analysis of the liquid detergent market Publisher's market research analyst predicts the global liquid detergent market to witness a steady growth at a rate of 8% during the forecast period. The increase in working women population and the rise in disposable income are the key drivers for the growth of this market. The rise in penetration of washing machines in developing countries is also contributing to the need for automated laundry products like liquid detergent. During 2014, nearly 77% of the Chinese population has access to washing machines. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/global-liquid-detergent-market-2015-2019 The rising demand for eco-friendly liquid detergents is also expected to fuel the growth of this market during the forecast period. Eco-friendly or green products are made of natural substances; chemicals, artificial additives, and other synthetics are not used during the production process. For instance, Seventh Generation is an American company that manufactures a variety of natural and plant-based liquid detergent. Segmentation by retail format and analysis of the liquid detergent market - Hypermarkets and supermarkets - Independent stores - Convenience stores During 2014, hypermarkets and supermarkets accounted for the largest contribution of around 45% of the revenue generated in the market. The contribution of liquid detergent products sales from this store format is more for the developed nations such as the US when compared to the developing nations like India and China. Geographical segmentation and analysis of the global liquid detergent market - Americas - APAC - Europe - MEA Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001202040/sample The Americas dominated the global market during 2014 with a market share of around 45%. The high demand for concentrated liquid detergent is an important driver for this region. The US, Canada and Brazil are the key markets in this region. Competitive landscape and key vendors The global liquid detergent market is highly competitive with the presence of well-established suppliers. The providers in this market compete on the basis of product differentiation, portfolio, and pricing. The report predicts the expansion of the leading vendors in emerging markets during the forecast period. The leading vendors in the market are - - Church & Dwight - Henkel - P&G - Reckitt Benckiser - Clorox - Unilever Other vendors in the market include Dreft, Guangzhou Liby, Kao, LG, Lion Corp, Phoenix Brand, Pigeon, PZ Cussons, Sears Daily Necessities, Seventh Generation, The Sun Products, Wipro, and Zhejiang Yuanmin. Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001202040/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Color Cosmetics Market Analysis 2017 Latest Development Trends The report on Color Cosmetics market is the latest addition to the huge database of DecisionDatabases.com. This research study is segmented on the basis of applications, technology, geography, and types. The Report provides a detailed Color Cosmetics Industry overview along with the analysis of industry’s gross margin, cost structure, consumption value, and sale price. The leading companies of the Color Cosmetics Market, manufacturers, and distributors are profiled in the report along with the latest Industry development current and future trends. Access the Report and full TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/1352-color-cosmetics-industry-market-report This report studies Color Cosmetics in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering * L’Oreal * Estee Lauder * P&G * LVMH * Shiseido * Amway * Clarins * Coty * Chanel * Kao * Unilever Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Color Cosmetics in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like * North America * Europe * China * Japan * Southeast Asia * India Download Free sample Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-1352 Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into * Facial Makeup * Eye Makeup * Lip Makeup * Nail Makeup Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Color Cosmetics in each application can be divided into * Men * Women Table of Contents-Snapshot 1 Market Overview 2 Global Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Purchase a copy of Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-1352 View Related Reports @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/search-results?q=Cosmetics About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research Report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For More Details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsChemicals, Color Cosmetics Industry Analysis, Color Cosmetics Industry Share, Color Cosmetics Market, Color Cosmetics Market growth, Color Cosmetics Market Outlook, Color Cosmetics Market Report, Color Cosmetics Market Research Report, Consumer, Consumer Goods, Cosmetic, global Color Cosmetics Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Rilpivirine Market Analysis and Forecast: Based On Latest Research 2021 Next PostNext Research Report and Overview on Die Cut Lids Market, 2017-2027 Search Recent Posts 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon Pulls the Wheels Tang Prize Laureates to Speak on Gene-Editing Revolution at EB and FEBS Bio-Tech Flavors Market to Rise at 11% CAGR by 2024 Bed Bug Control Services Market in UK to Rise at 4.7% CAGR by 2026 Wireless Connectivity Market Projected to Reach USD 30.4 Billion by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News How to preserve your good name in the era of fake news The use of the term “fake news” has exploded since the recent presidential campaign. Yet two experts with deep experience say the reputational damage caused by false stories is nothing new and that every organization should prepare to combat misinformation. The two will speak at Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit in New York City from April 5–7. Christopher Barger, a founding partner at the executive consultancy Brain+Trust Partners, will discuss “The science of trust: The communicator’s survival guide for the ‘age of post-factualism.’” John P. David, president of David PR Group, plans to offer tactics and strategies in his session, “How to Protect or Destroy Your Online Reputation” Post-factualism has been around for a long time, Barger says. The problem is that people are wired to believe and respond to negative information, making it harder for organizations to tamp down the flames of rumor-mongering. Procter & Gamble Co. had to battle false rumors in the 1980s that its logo was a satanic symbol, Barger notes. Tommy Hilfiger said last fall he is still burned by a two-decade-old viral lie that he had made racist comments on “The Oprah Winfrey Show.” “This is not just about politics,” Barger says. “This is not just about one particular candidate or one particular set of voters.” Old or new, the dangers to reputation are serious, and organizations are judged on how they are depicted online. Yet many in the PR profession don’t know all the things that can be done to fight back, David says. Just ask Often people think the only thing you can do is flood the internet with positive info to push false rumors or negative information lower in the search results, he says, but there are other steps as well. Often you can ask politely and get false stories taken down from websites, David says. Many blogs and corporate websites will respond positively to a request. Just don’t go in with guns blazing, or you’ll hurt your cause. Another tactic is to get providers to take down malicious content. All online content has to move through the conduits, whether the falsehoods are spread via AT&T, Verizon, YouTube, GoDaddy, Google or other means. “Every piece of online content has to abide by lots of different rules and lots of different conditions,” David says. If you can show, say, managers of a blogging platform that a malicious user is breaking the rules, you sometimes can get it removed. Even if you can’t remove a post, Google often respond to complaints and causes malicious posts to disappear from search results. Bad internal data Bad information isn’t cooked up only by guys in their underwear scarfing Cheetos and spreading fake news from their basements. It can emerge internally as well. Bad information can spread internally when people are trying to force data to fit what the chief executive wants to see, Barger says. It can also come as rival departments jockey for budget and position, thereby interpreting data in ways that are favorable to themselves. Similarly, vendors can twist the facts to highlight their own accomplishments. For example, when the Washington Redskins set up a website for its 2014 training camp, third-party media monitoring services claimed that the site drew a staggering 7.8 billion unique visitors to the site. “They issued a release saying there were more unique visitors coming to that website to check out their training camp than there are people on earth,” Barger says. “Very clearly, badly interpreted data.” To avoid such problems, it’s important to establish internal safeguards to ensure integrity of data, Barger says. Does everybody have access to the same information? Is there agreement throughout your organization on the definition of key performance indicators? Employees now targeted As reputational crises blow up online, organizations must understand that their employees might find themselves in the line of fire. Nordstrom’s shares tumbled after President Donald Trump tweeted in February that the chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. The retail chain said that decision was based on sales performance. Most people won’t have access to the CEO at Nordstrom, Barger says, but they might know a cashier at the perfume counter or their neighbor who sells shoes at the store. Nowadays these individuals can become a focal point of contention during crises. “They become the person who is going to for better or worse is influence the audience’s perception of the company,” he says. Organizations should train and better inform employees, empowering them to recognize the role they play. “In a polarized environment,” Barger says, “employees are now on the front line in terms of potentially being on the receiving end of threats, being on the receiving end of bullying.” Cyber security isn’t the responsibility of just the technology folks, David says. If your business touches any kind of private data—credit card records, medical records, Social Security numbers—you’re vulnerable to a cyber attack, he says. “We have to start looking at reputation as crossing multiple areas of a company,” David says. “We have to have plans in place so that our employees understand that, and we have to prepare them and educate them about how they impact the equation.” To learn more about saving your reputation and combatting false news, sign up here for Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit. @byworking (Image via) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aircraft Component MRO Market | Global Industry Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Helicopter Avionics Market Trend, Price, Demand, Growth and Forecasts To 2020 Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News How to preserve your good name in the era of fake news The use of the term “fake news” has exploded since the recent presidential campaign. Yet two experts with deep experience say the reputational damage caused by false stories is nothing new and that every organization should prepare to combat misinformation. The two will speak at Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit in New York City from April 5–7. Christopher Barger, a founding partner at the executive consultancy Brain+Trust Partners, will discuss “The science of trust: The communicator’s survival guide for the ‘age of post-factualism.’” John P. David, president of David PR Group, plans to offer tactics and strategies in his session, “How to Protect or Destroy Your Online Reputation” Post-factualism has been around for a long time, Barger says. The problem is that people are wired to believe and respond to negative information, making it harder for organizations to tamp down the flames of rumor-mongering. Procter & Gamble Co. had to battle false rumors in the 1980s that its logo was a satanic symbol, Barger notes. Tommy Hilfiger said last fall he is still burned by a two-decade-old viral lie that he had made racist comments on “The Oprah Winfrey Show.” “This is not just about politics,” Barger says. “This is not just about one particular candidate or one particular set of voters.” Old or new, the dangers to reputation are serious, and organizations are judged on how they are depicted online. Yet many in the PR profession don’t know all the things that can be done to fight back, David says. Just ask Often people think the only thing you can do is flood the internet with positive info to push false rumors or negative information lower in the search results, he says, but there are other steps as well. Often you can ask politely and get false stories taken down from websites, David says. Many blogs and corporate websites will respond positively to a request. Just don’t go in with guns blazing, or you’ll hurt your cause. Another tactic is to get providers to take down malicious content. All online content has to move through the conduits, whether the falsehoods are spread via AT&T, Verizon, YouTube, GoDaddy, Google or other means. “Every piece of online content has to abide by lots of different rules and lots of different conditions,” David says. If you can show, say, managers of a blogging platform that a malicious user is breaking the rules, you sometimes can get it removed. Even if you can’t remove a post, Google often respond to complaints and causes malicious posts to disappear from search results. Bad internal data Bad information isn’t cooked up only by guys in their underwear scarfing Cheetos and spreading fake news from their basements. It can emerge internally as well. Bad information can spread internally when people are trying to force data to fit what the chief executive wants to see, Barger says. It can also come as rival departments jockey for budget and position, thereby interpreting data in ways that are favorable to themselves. Similarly, vendors can twist the facts to highlight their own accomplishments. For example, when the Washington Redskins set up a website for its 2014 training camp, third-party media monitoring services claimed that the site drew a staggering 7.8 billion unique visitors to the site. “They issued a release saying there were more unique visitors coming to that website to check out their training camp than there are people on earth,” Barger says. “Very clearly, badly interpreted data.” To avoid such problems, it’s important to establish internal safeguards to ensure integrity of data, Barger says. Does everybody have access to the same information? Is there agreement throughout your organization on the definition of key performance indicators? Employees now targeted As reputational crises blow up online, organizations must understand that their employees might find themselves in the line of fire. Nordstrom’s shares tumbled after President Donald Trump tweeted in February that the chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. The retail chain said that decision was based on sales performance. Most people won’t have access to the CEO at Nordstrom, Barger says, but they might know a cashier at the perfume counter or their neighbor who sells shoes at the store. Nowadays these individuals can become a focal point of contention during crises. “They become the person who is going to for better or worse is influence the audience’s perception of the company,” he says. Organizations should train and better inform employees, empowering them to recognize the role they play. “In a polarized environment,” Barger says, “employees are now on the front line in terms of potentially being on the receiving end of threats, being on the receiving end of bullying.” Cyber security isn’t the responsibility of just the technology folks, David says. If your business touches any kind of private data—credit card records, medical records, Social Security numbers—you’re vulnerable to a cyber attack, he says. “We have to start looking at reputation as crossing multiple areas of a company,” David says. “We have to have plans in place so that our employees understand that, and we have to prepare them and educate them about how they impact the equation.” To learn more about saving your reputation and combatting false news, sign up here for Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit. @byworking (Image via) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aircraft Component MRO Market | Global Industry Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Helicopter Avionics Market Trend, Price, Demand, Growth and Forecasts To 2020 Search Recent Posts Global Probiotic Ingredients Market Size, Growth, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2020 Research Developments Project Hot Beverages Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2021 Akzo Nobel N.V. (AKZOY: OTCQX International Premier) | AkzoNobel strongly supports Chairman of the Supervisory Board OriginClear, Inc. (OCLN: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Global Egg Products Market Analysis and Forecast 2020 by Size, Share and Growth Rate Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Scented Candles Market Global Key Vendors, Manufacturers, Suppliers and Analysis Market Report 2022 Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — Market Overview Scented candles refer to the candles that have artificial/synthetic or natural fragrance material mixed into the wax emitting pleasant smell while burning. Scented Candles are commercially available in different shapes, sizes, and colors which are used as decorative items or for gifting purpose. Scented candles are mostly used to create ambience and relieve stress. The high sales of these candles can be attributed to growing popularity of various e-commerce sites, which has helped in creating a strong connection between manufacturers, suppliers and buyers. The upcoming trend of organic scented candles and customizing candle flavors is also leading to surge in sales of scented candles. The high sales of these candles can also be attributed to growing popularity of various e-commerce sites, which has helped in creating a strong connection between manufacturers, suppliers and buyers. Scented candles in glass containers and earthen wares are the best sellers, as it gives a festive look to the home interior decoration. Moreover increasing globalization, various religious festivals are celebrated across the globe, has also boasted the sales of candles on a larger scale. Growing demand for luxurious lifestyle, increase in disposable income and urbanization, yoga and meditation trend and increasing variety of scented candles are the growth drivers responsible for the growth of global scented candles market. Globally, scented candles market is growing at the rate of 5% during 2016 to 2022. Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/scented-candles-market-2495 Market Forecast With the growing consumer awareness & their increasing interest in natural scented candles, the demand for natural scented candles will drive the market growth from 2016 to 2022. Also, with increasing popularity of aroma therapy and spa treatments, increase in levels of stress in work life, has led to the adoption of the scented candles, to relieve stress after coming back home from office. These factors will play a key role in the growth of scented candles market at the CAGR of 5% during 2016-2022. Key Players – Reckitt Benckiser (Air Wick) (U.K.), – P&G (U.S.), – Yankee Candles (U.S.), – Colonial Candle (U.S.), – The Conscious Candle (Australia), – Welburn Candles Pvt. Ltd. (India), – Parcan (Netherland) Downstream analysis- Vanilla is the most preferred fragrance for scented candles, amounts to almost 50% of the total sales of scented candles. Other popular fragrances include cinnamon, strawberry, peach, apple or spiced apple scented candles. Increasing consumer interest in organic scented candles along with with increasing demand of customized customized fragrances, which are generally blends of two types of fragrances from spas and other therapeutic centres. The various health benefits associated with use of various herbs in scented candles is key driving force for scented candles market. Growing number of internet users across the globe and rise in the popularity of e-commerce, key players are launching & promoting their product line on various e-commerce site so as to reach out to various consumers. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 110 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on „Global Scented candles Market Research Report- Forecast to 2022„ Browse full report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/scented-candles-market-2495 There is growing demand for soy candles, since it is made up of soybean oil, it reduces carbon-dioxide emission, and burns 50% longer than paraffin candles. Moreover, soy candles are non-toxic and have lower melting point. Supporting this key players also trying out various promotion options for scented candles by promoting the soy candles on e-commerce, so as to reach out to various consumer class. And also, key players are investing scented candles with various health benefits to help relieve headaches, and others. The global scented candles market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world (ROW). The North America dominates the scented candles market, followed by Europe. Emerging markets like India and China have been considered as potential markets for scented candles due to growing urbanization. Intended Audience – Scented candles manufacturers – Raw material suppliers – Wax manufacturers – End users (food industry) – Retailers and wholesalers – E-commerce companies – Traders, importers and exporters Related Report Global Oilseed & Grain Seed Market By Types(Grains and Oilseed) By Biotech Trait(Seed with Biotech Trait, Herbicides Tolerant, Insecticide Resistant, Stacked Trait ) By Geography(North America, Asia Pacific, Europe) – Forecast to 2027.Know more about this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/global-oilseed-grain-seed-market-805 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infrastructure and Disruptive Technology Gamechanger for SA’s Economy Next PostNext Global Bioinformatics Partnering Terms and Agreements 2010 to 2017 – Market Research Hub Search Recent Posts SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Produce Safety a Hot Topic at Global Food Safety Initiative’s 2017 Conference HouseCallsNow Inc. and SecondOpinionExpert Inc. form Strategic Partnership Stetson Law Students Win Awards in Three Categories at International Moot Court Competition in Hong Kong Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Market 2017 – Covers Production, Price, Revenue and Market Share for Key Manufacturer Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/10/2017 — This report studies Battery-Powered Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2011 to 2015, and forecast to 2021. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering – Philips Sonicare – Oral-B (P & G) – Panasonic – Omron Healthcare – Colgate-Palmolive – FOREO – Wellness Oral Care – PURSONIC – Smilex – Kolibree Get a Sample Research PDF with TOC: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=921186 By types, the market can be split into – Rechargeable Battery – Non-rechargeable Battery By Application, the market can be split into – Adults – Children By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) – North America – China – Europe – Southeast Asia – Japan – India Table of Contents: 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Battery-Powered Toothbrush 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Battery-Powered Toothbrush 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Battery-Powered Toothbrush 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Battery-Powered Toothbrush Enquiry at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=921186 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Battery-Powered Toothbrush 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Battery-Powered Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Interactive Projector Market Globally to Reach $2,618.05 Mn by 2022 Next PostNext Global Devices for Pediatric Audiometry Market Expected to Maintain Rapid Growth During Forecast Period 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Disruptive Renewable Energy Technology Imitates Nature to Deliver Beauty and Power Go Orange, Queenstown Rafting and Kiwi Discovery Merger ASML Welcomes HMI Shareholder Vote that Approves Acquisition of HMI ASML Welcomes HMI Shareholder Vote that Approves Acquisition of HMI Strong Logic Demand Drives Third-Quarter Results, on Track for Record 2016 Sales Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Wednesday April 12 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Papal laundrette helps Rome’s homeless to wash away cares Philip Willan, Vatican City April 12 2017, 12:01am, The Times The launderette has washing and drying machines donated by Whirlpool and detergent from Proctor & Gamble. Soon the facility will be joined by showers and a barber shop for Rome’s homeless peopleANGELO CARCONI/EPA The Pope has added a free launderette to the Vatican’s list of social services for homeless people in Rome. The service, in the tourist quarter of Trastevere, is part of what charity workers describe as a “humanitarian corridor” for the dispossessed. “We will soon open showers and a barber shop so our friends can take care of their bodies while they wait for the clothes,” said Augusto D’Angelo of the Community of St Egidio, a Catholic charity that will run the facility. Using six washing machines and six tumble dryers donated by Whirlpool, and detergent from Procter & Gamble, the centre will be able to handle 4.5 tonnes of washing a week. Users of the service said it meant they would no longer have to… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Founders of The Scale Collective Jory Des Jardins and Stephanie Agresta join the Board of SheWorx Pair Take on Advisory Role and Equity Stake as SheWorx Scales NEW YORK, NY – 11 Apr, 2017 – Jory Des Jardins and Stephanie Agresta, founders of The Scale Collective, have joined the Board of SheWorx and are taking an equity stake in the company.  Held on November 2, 2016, in NYC and sponsored by Microsoft and other corporate partners, The Scale Collective gathered 300 investors, female founders of technology companies and industry experts to accelerate growth for women entrepreneurs. Des Jardins and Agresta will now support the portfolio of SheWorx products in an advisory capacity, provide counsel to SheWorx founders, and evangelize the organization’s global mission. The Scale Collective will now live within the SheWorx global brand. Founded by Lisa Wang and Yin Lin, SheWorx is a global collective supporting women entrepreneurs and the leading event series connecting women to top mentors. Grounded in the values of Ambition, Action, and Altruism, SheWorx has launched in 6 global cities, reached over 20,000 women, and curated nearly 100 dynamic events to provide women with actionable business strategies and access to investors.  With synergistic missions, networks and a shared dedication to high-quality events and content, the four women will now pool resources and experience to further aid women entrepreneurs using a mutually supportive “all boats rise” approach. Jory Des Jardins commented, “With SheWorx operational scale and our shared vision and values it makes entire sense we join forces and seize the huge opportunities to help empower the next wave of successful female founders.” Lisa Wang added, “This partnership is a true embodiment of this cycle of altruism as we bring two generations of female leaders together. Stephanie and Jory bring their experience, wisdom, and respective success stories into the momentum that Yin and I have created with SheWorx.  Together we will continue to grow the ecosystem of people and companies committed to women entrepreneurs building successful, scalable companies.”    About Jory Des Jardins & Stephanie Agresta Jory Des Jardins co-founded BlogHer, a venture backed, category-defining women’s digital lifestyle company that was acquired by SheKnows Media in late 2014. She spent 10 years on the founding team, enabling strategy from pre-venture funding through post-acquisition phase. Jory is a tireless crusader for women entrepreneurs and business leaders, sharing her personal growth story, contacts, and insights learned from 10 years of growth hacking, digital community building, strategy development and fundraising. She sits on the boards of several female-led or founded startups. For more information, visit: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jorydesjardins/ Stephanie Agresta is an award-winning, digital-first advisor who helps technology companies, startups, marketing teams and individuals build important ecosystems of influence. Named #6 among digital creators, innovators, and strategists by PR Week, Business Insider also cited her as one of the top 25 advertising executives on Twitter.  A strategic counselor, instrumental in developing digital and social media initiatives for major brands such as Comcast, PayPal, P&G, Samsung, PepsiCo and Microsoft, Stephanie has previously served in senior executive roles at world-class agencies including MSLGROUP, Weber Shandwick and Porter Novelli. A widely respected thought leader and a regular speaker at industry events, Stephanie works with clients to accelerate growth through influencer relationship management, partnership development, evangelism, and strategic counsel on marketing, communications, and advertising. She has also spent the last 25 years advocating on behalf of women’s issues and equality in the work place. For more information, visit: https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephagresta/ About Lisa Wang & Yin Lin Lisa Wang is the Co-Founder of SheWorx, the global collective of ambitious female entrepreneurs redefining leadership. Lisa is a former 4x USA National Champion Gymnast and 2014 inductee into the prestigious U.S. Hall of Fame for her landmark contributions to the progress of gymnastics in America. She began her professional career as a hedge fund analyst on Wall Street and later transitioned into working at a top mobile development and design agency. Previously, she founded a foodtech company incubated in Food-X, the world’s #1 food innovation accelerator. Lisa is passionate about helping women recognize their innate strengths and mentors on the power of “Enoughness.” She has been an Entrepreneur Insider for Fortune Magazine, featured in Forbes, Inc., WSJ, and recognized as one of the Top 20 Entrepreneurs to watch in 2017 by CIO. Lisa is a graduate of Yale University. For more information, visit: https://www.linkedin.com/in/lisawang007/ Yin Lin is the co-founder of SheWorx, the global collective for ambitious female entrepreneurs redefining leadership. Previously, she co-founded a design and development agency that helped early stage startups to build out their brand and technology at their most critical juncture. Clients that have leveraged their expertise have gone on to raise over $27M in funding. She was an associate Techstars, one of the most selective technology incubators in the world. Yin started her career as a Teach for America NY corps member teaching special education at an all-girls inner-city public school in Brooklyn. Yin has been recognized by Inc. as one of “17 Inspiring Women to Watch in 2017” and by CIO as one of the “Top 20 Female Entrepreneurs to Watch in 2017”. Yin speaks often about entrepreneurship and most recently spoke at the United Nations. She graduated with honors from Tufts University and serves as a board member for FWD.us, the inaugural Teach for America NY Alumni Association, and a co-host of the Immigrant Dinners. She is a triathlete and a 5-time marathon runner with plans to run a marathon and climb a summit on every continent — yes, even Antarctica! Yin’s life motto and advice to others is to “be uncomfortable”. For more information, visit: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yin2011/ Media Contact Company Name: Stephanie Agresta Consulting, LLC Contact Person: Stephanie A Agresta Email: stephanie.agresta@gmail.com Phone: 646-408-3318 Country: United States Website: http://www.stephanieagresta.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Financial Market, Marketing & Sales, Media & Communications, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Software Defined Networking Market Research Report- Global Forecast 2022 Next PostNext NZ Small and Mid-Cap stocks should list on the NZX Search Recent Posts EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) High-Calcium Limestone Market Report 2017 NZ Small and Mid-Cap stocks should list on the NZX Founders of The Scale Collective Jory Des Jardins and Stephanie Agresta join the Board of SheWorx Global Software Defined Networking Market Research Report- Global Forecast 2022 Global ADHD Therapeutics Market Research Report- Forecast to 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Men’s Grooming Products Market to Rise at 8.4% CAGR by 2024 New York City, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/11/2017 — In terms of market value, the US$ 54 billion global market for men’s grooming products will expand at a CAGR of 8.4% through 2024. Germany, France, and the UK remain the top three markets, collectively accounting for over half of the revenue share of the Europe men’s grooming products market. North America, the second largest market globally, will rake in US$ 29 Bn in revenues by 2024. Key Regional Findings – In North America, shave care products and fragrances will be the top-selling men’s grooming products – The market in Asia Pacific will continue to post steady gains on account of rapidly growing sales in China Persistence Market Research’s study on the global men’s grooming products market has been compiled in the report titled „Global Men’s Grooming Products Sales Estimated to Reach US$ 104,199.2 Million by 2024 End; Europe’s Revenue Share to Remain Dominant.” Personalized shopping through e-commerce outlets has been identified as a key driving factor men’s grooming products globally. Increasing FDI in e-tailing businesses is further urging manufacturers of men’s grooming products to intensify their distribution operations through online retail channels. Easy accessibility and low costs are key factors for the rising men’s grooming products sales through e-commerce and online retail websites. Over the forecast period, online distribution channels will give rise to an absolute increment of more than US$ 12 billion. Nevertheless, sales of men’s grooming products through supermarkets and independent retail outlets remain key for companies looking to improve their sales potential by catering to impulsive buying and focusing on customer rapport. Globally, the sales of men’s shave care products such as trimmers will be way higher than any other types of grooming products. Being the highest-selling products in the global market, consumption of men’s shave care products will be valued at over US$ 40 billion by the end of 2024. Subsequently, men’s grooming products sales under fragrances will account for nearly 35% of the global market over the projected period. Hair care products sales will register a market value share of about 10%, while the demand for men’s toiletries will be pared down as compared to the above types of grooming products. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/mens-grooming-products-market/toc Higher disposable incomes don’t necessarily instrument higher sales of men’s grooming products in the premium price range. Half of the global men’s grooming products revenues are concentrated in the mid-price range, with over 7,000 million expected to be sold globally over the forecast period. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11581 Procter & Gamble Co. will retain its competitive position as the global leader in shave care products. Independently, the company will also be dominant in the overall global men’s grooming products market by accounting for more than 10% market share. However, local manufacturers of men’s grooming products will collectively dominate the global market by accounting for nearly one-third of its market value. Accordingly, acquisition of such native players will be a strategic measure of expanding market presence for global leaders in consumer goods. Johnson & Johnson Private Limited, Koninklijke Philips N.V., ITC Limited, Coty Inc., Unilever PLC., Colgate-Palmolive Company, and Edgewell Personal Care Co., among others, are some leading manufacturers of men’s grooming products that intend to expand their businesses through acquisitions. Furthermore, L’Oréal S.A. and Beiersdorf AG are also some of the recognized players participating in the growth of the global men’s grooming products market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bio Active Protein and Peptides Market to Rise at 8.2% CAGR by 2026 Next PostNext Vitamin Ingredients Global Market Industry Analysis Research Reports and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Search Recent Posts Global Cell-Free DNA (CfDNA) Testing Market – Forecast to 2022 The Mega Data Centers Market Exceed to Reach USD $359.7 Billion by 2023 Data Quality Tools Market Analysis by Enterprise and Government Applications 2017 Smart Roads Market Experiences Escalating Demand Worldwide with a Forecast Growth During 2027 Worldwide Cesium Hydroxide Market -Industry News, Applications and Trends Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu LAGGING Two-thirds of Australians support gay marriage, but politicians are too worried for their jobs to pass it Written by Andrew Barclay April 11, 2017 Let's get on with it mate. (EPA/Matt Roberts) Share Written by Andrew Barclay April 11, 2017 Sydney, Australia Australia is often heralded as one of the world’s most progressive nations, but stands out as a country where marriage equality remains elusive. There is certainly no lack of public acceptance of same-sex relationships. Support for marriage equality stands at a record two-thirds of the population. Prime minister Malcolm Turnbull, a social liberal, also supports marriage equality. But Turnbull—and same-sex marriage—are being held hostage by conservative forces in the political arena in Australia’s capital, Canberra. “It is the world of politics that is failing to reflect the values of the Australian people,” said Tiernan Brady, the director of the Equality Campaign in Australia who spearheaded the push for marriage equality in Ireland, which legalized it in 2015. “Australia entrenched discrimination in the Marriage Act as the rest of the world was moving on,” Penny Wong, Australia’s first female, openly gay federal parliamentarian, recently wrote, referring to a 2004 amendment to the law that specified marriage was between a man and a woman.  “It is the world of politics that is failing to reflect the values of the Australian people.” Since then, 21 same-sex-marriage related bills have been introduced into parliament, all of which have failed. During that time, over 20 other nations have made marriage equality a reality, including the US, the UK (excluding Northern Ireland), and Canada. New Zealand, Australia’s neighbor, legalized same-sex marriage in 2013. Elsewhere in the region, Taiwan is currently debating marriage equality, and could become the first place in Asia to legalize it. Turnbull faces a balancing act. He leads a divided party after taking over as prime minister from Tony Abbott in 2015, a conservative who once studied for the priesthood. He must corral his own Liberal party members, some of whom still support a return of Abbott to the job. The 2016 election also returned Turnbull’s Liberal-National Coalition government with such a slim majority that his own standing within his party is weak. The election result means Turnbull must woo a disparate band of populists in the senate, many of whom don’t support marriage equality, to pass laws. For now, the prime minister is committed to the plan of holding a non-binding referendum over the issue, an idea that was floated by the Abbott government. It is a controversial and unpopular move. Critics argue it would be costly and divisive, and are calling instead for parliament to vote on the issue—a study conducted last year found that the marriage equality referendum in Ireland had a “highly detrimental” effect on members of the LGBT community. Nor is there enough parliamentary support for Turnbull to pass a bill in order to hold a referendum, leaving the process all but dead in the water. Turnbull has said that if the plebiscite isn’t held, marriage equality will likely be off the agenda until the next federal election—due in 2019. “Until we all belong” Now, a coalition including unions, local councils, and community groups—spearheaded by a push from some of the best-known companies in the world—is hoping to break the impasse over marriage equality. “We’re in new territory on this journey and politicians can no longer avoid the momentum,“ said Alex Greenwich, co-chair of Australians for Marriage Equality. “The campaign has never been stronger and never had so much support.” Global companies like American Express, Procter & Gamble, GE, Google, and eBay have all voiced their support for marriage equality in Australia. Airbnb, for example, recently launched a campaign called “Until we all belong,” which asks people to wear an incomplete ring symbolizing the “gap in marriage equality that we need to close.” CEO Brian Chesky said in a statement he hoped the initiative would put marriage equality on the top of the nation’s political agenda. “Business has stepped up and shown real leadership”, said the Equality Campaign’s Brady. Airbnb’s “Until we all belong” campaign supporting marriage equality in Australia. (Airbnb) The chief executives of 30 of Australia’s largest companies, including Qantas and Commonwealth Bank of Australia, also argued in a recent letter to Turnbull that marriage equality makes good business sense. “We urge you to legislate for marriage equality,” said the letter. “Equality and diversity are strategic business issues.” Coopers Brewery, Australia’s largest domestic beer-maker, learned that lesson the hard way. It was recently forced to distance itself from The Bible Society, an organization opposed to same-sex marriage, after the group used Coopers Brewery beer in a video discussing the topic. A social media backlash followed and several bars in Sydney and Melbourne took the beer off tap in protest. Coopers Brewery subsequently publicly endorsed same-sex marriage and apologized for their involvement with the Bible Society. “Stick to your knitting” Conservative critics argue that companies have been coerced into accepting marriage equality out of fear of a public backlash. Peter Dutton, Australia’s immigration minister and a conservative politician in Turnbull’s party, told the CEOs involved in the same-sex marriage push to “stick to their knitting.”  “The reality is that some companies are morally coerced into supporting campaigns.” “The reality is that some companies are morally coerced into supporting campaigns in fear of being extorted by an online social media push to boycott their product,” he said. “[Companies should] stop shoving politically correct nonsense down our throats.” Another politician Turnbull must negotiate with is the staunchly conservative senator Cory Bernadi. Bernadi recently left the Liberal party to start his own party, the Australian Conservatives, and has in the past linked same-sex marriage to bestiality. Turnbull has so far rebuffed the efforts of the chief executives, saying he won’t change course on same-sex marriage. “We have a commitment on a plebiscite, which we took to the election—that’s our policy,” Turnbull said last month. “The way to ensure gay marriage is allowed is to have a plebiscite.” Australian campaigners, however, remain upbeat. Alex Greenwich from Australians for Marriage Equality, who married his partner in Argentina in 2012, said they are focused on the bigger picture. “I understand people are frustrated,” he said. “But remember our current position is not the destination.” Penny Wong, the openly gay politician, agrees. “Australians no longer ask, ‘Why?’ They ask, ‘Why not?’” Most Popular Nearly every way the United incident could have ended differently—in one flowchart Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Experts to dissect 30 years of noted Organization Development research at Benedictine event Printer-friendly version April 11, 2017 Featuring OD scholars Richard W. Woodman, Ph.D., and William A. Pasmore, Ph.D. Lisle, Illinois ~ Two recognized leaders in organization development (OD), Richard W. Woodman, Ph.D., and William Pasmore, Ph.D., will reflect on more than 30 years of research in the field known for examining the structures and processes that influence employee behavior and lead to better, more efficient and high-performing workplaces. The two scholars will present “The Past, the Present and the Future of OD,” from 9:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m. on Saturday, April 22, on the fourth floor of Goodwin Hall at Benedictine University. The lecture is presented as part of the Ph.D. in Organization Development and Master of Science in Management and Organizational Behavior programs’ Contemporary Trends in Change Management Lecture Series. These annual forums allow for a vast array of professionals from across a variety of fields to have networking and professional development opportunities. Both Woodman and Pasmore are the editors of the renowned “Research in Organizational Change and Development,” a book series which began with volume 1 in 1987 as a collection of scholarly articles detailing actions that can be taken on the part of researchers and practitioners to expand and extend current approaches to organization development. Now in its 24th volume, the text has since become a premier source for well-integrated reviews of literature, advances in research methods and ideas about practice in OD that open new ways of working with organizations to create more successful and sustainable approaches to change. In their review of recent research contributions, Woodman and Pasmore note a number of shifts that are causing both scholars and practitioners to rethink how they intervene in organizations today. These shifts, and their effects on individuals, organizations and society, have opened up exciting possibilities for the advancement of OD. These two experts will also discuss how high rates of failure in organizational change efforts call attention to the need to identify and address persistent problems that threaten success. Woodman is the Lawrence E. Fouraker Professor of Business and former head of the Department of Management at Texas A&M University. His research interests focus on organizational change and organizational creativity, and his published work can be found in the top management, psychology and organizational leadership journals. He has been a distinguished member of several editorial boards, and has served as national program chair and division chair of the Organization Development and Change Division of the Academy of Management. Previously, Woodman was a military intelligence officer in the U.S. Army, worked in both the petroleum and banking industries and served for several years as vice president of a financial institution. Pasmore has been advising leaders for nearly 40 years. He is actively involved in delivering services to clients as a coach to CEOs and is a trusted advisor in matters pertaining to leadership and change. His clients have included GE, Procter & Gamble, Ingersoll Rand, NOVA Chemicals, Alcatel-Lucent, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc., United Airlines, Levi Strauss & Co., Unilever, Polaroid, Kaiser Permanente and Amoco Corporation, among many others. As a thought leader in the field of organization development, Pasmore has published 28 books and numerous articles, including “Leading Continuous Change,” “Developing a Leadership Strategy,” “The Board’s New Roles in Succession Planning,” “Choosing the Next Best CEO,” “Designing Effective Organizations,” “Creating Strategic Change,” and “Relationships that Enable Enterprise Change.” He is a frequent international keynote speaker. This event is free and open to the public. Lunch will be made available for purchase. Please RSVP by going to ben.edu/manage. For more information, contact Elizabeth Reniche at ereniche@ben.edu or (630) 829-6361. Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <br />
<a href=”http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/experts-dissect-30-years-noted-organization-development-research-benedictine-event” class=”active”>Experts to dissect 30 years of noted Organization Development research at Benedictine event</a><br />
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infants show racial bias toward members of own race and against those of other races Next PostNext Global Electronic Flight Bag Market Forecast 2016-2021 Focusing on UTC Aerospace Systems, International Flight Support (IFS), Astronautics, Boeing, CMC Electronics, GEE (NavAero), Airbus, Rockwell Collins, L-3 and Communications Holdings Search Recent Posts Center for Autism and Related Disorders Opens New Treatment Center in Richmond, CA STEM Students Compete to Join Philippe Cousteau Jr. On an Underwater Expedition As Part of Xploration Station’s First Ever #StudentExplorer Contest UW project brings Milky Ways ionized hydrogen into focus Media Advisory: Marylands Top Cancer Scientists Discuss Research on Tracking and Treating Cancer Can António Guterres Fend Off America’s War on the UN? Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Baby Diapers Market Size and Trends To 2024 East Africa Baby Diapers Market: Overview In recent years, the demand for baby diapers has grown steadily in various nations of East Africa. Baby diaper forms a key hygiene product required to be worn by infants for the purpose of incontinence. The increasing awareness of urban as well as rural population toward maintaining hygiene of infants to ensure their proper growth have led parents to use diapers for their babies. With constant advances in manufacturing technology, the market has witnessed the launch of super-absorbent diapers containing natural odor-blockers that are gentle and soft on the infants’ skin. Recent product innovations have stimulated the use of plant-based and sustainable materials in manufacturing baby diapers, which has boosted their use. The report provides an in-depth insight into the key market dynamics, emerging trends, recent design innovations, and competitive landscape. The study offers a thorough statistical analysis related to the market share and size of segments and analyzes the key factors shaping the competitive dynamics. Recent efforts by governments of various countries and private players in East Africa are highlighted and their impact on the pricing strategies of vendors are evaluated. The study takes a closer look at the development of distribution channels in various developing and developed nations which help investors identify lucrative avenues. To Get Sample Of the Reports @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… East Africa Baby Diapers Market: Trends and Opportunities The East Africa baby diapers market is primarily driven by a continuous decline in the infant mortality rate in developing nations, an upsurge in urban population with significant disposable incomes, and increasing awareness related to the hygiene of infants. Coupled with this, intensive and consistent efforts made by several governmental and non-governmental organizations to create awareness among rural population have led to an increasing use of baby diapers to promote the healthy growth of infants. Growing shift toward the use of eco-friendly and sustainable materials in manufacturing baby diapers has resulted in various product innovations. The growing popularity of diapers made with naturally derived and plant-based materials has opened exciting opportunities for manufacturers. Furthermore, the advent of ultra-soft and hypoallergenic diapers made without the use of any additives is expected to propel the market over the forecast period. However, the growing trend of parents preferring longer in-between changing times of diapers has resulted in skin rashes and infections among babies. Various studies reiterating the role of disposable diapers in causing testicular cancer among males are likely to hinder the growth of the market to an extent. On the other hand, the increasing awareness toward proper practices of changing baby diapers among parents is expected to boost the market in the coming years. East Africa Baby Diapers Market: Regional Outlook The major countries analyzed in the research report are Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi. Kenya is the most lucrative market for baby diapers in East Africa. The impressive demand for baby diapers in Kenya is propelled by the significant rise in birth rate combined with a substantial decline in the infant mortality rate compared to other developing nations of East Africa. Tanzania is the second largest revenue contributing country in the East Africa diapers market. The Tanzania market is poised to expand at an impressive rate along the forecast period. East Africa Baby Diapers Market: Leading players are also developing sustainable products made with biodegradable materials to attract parents who are conscious of the environmental impact of disposing diapers. Major manufacturers are making product innovations and actively boosting their distribution channels to consolidate their presence across major countries. Key players operating in this market include Procter and Gamble, Unicharm Corporation, Johnson and Johnson, INDEVCO Group, SCA Hygiene Products GmbH, Mega Soft (Fujian) Hygiene Products Co. Ltd., and Interconsumer Products Ltd. To Get Full Detail of The Reports @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/east-africa-baby-diape… Major countries analyzed under this research report are: • Kenya • Uganda • Tanzania • Rwanda • Burundi • Rest of East Africa This report gives you access to decisive data such as: • Market growth drivers • Factors limiting market growth • Current market trends • Market structure • Market projections for the coming years Key highlights of this report • Overview of key market forces propelling and restraining market growth • Up-to-date analyses of market trends and technological improvements • Pin-point analyses of market competition dynamics to offer you a competitive edge • An analysis of strategies of major competitors • An array of graphics and SWOT analysis of major industry segments • Detailed analyses of industry trends • A well-defined technological growth map with an impact-analysis • Offers a clear understanding of the competitive landscape and key product segments To Get Discount Of the Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR’s data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Antimicrobial Packaging Market Trends To 2024 Next PostNext Non-lethal Biochemical Weapons Market Size and Trends To 2024 Search Recent Posts Criminal Victimization, 2015 Jails in Indian Country, 2015 Publicly Funded Forensic Crime Laboratories: Resources and Services, 2014 Determining the Optimal Number of Interview Waves in a Panel Survey with Application to the NCVS: Evaluation and Recommendations State-Administered Indigent Defense Systems, 2013 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Ashley HomeStore Taps Empower for Media Strategy, Planning By Megan Graham - 20 minutes ago Array 0 PRWeek Tamps Down Its Own Little United Airlines-Related PR Crisis By Simon Dumenco - 27 minutes ago Array 0 How Acura Built its New TV Campaign for Mobile By E.J. Schultz - 50 minutes ago Array 0 Burnett's Andrew Swinand: Race Is On for Shops to Beat Consultants By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Progressive, Hyundai, Chipotle and More 1 hour ago Array 0 Digital Media Means TV's Golden Age Is Anything but, Say Writers Readying Strike 5 hours ago 0 'Fate of the Furious' Tie-ins Force Their Way Onto the Viral Video Chart (Which Excludes Movies) 4 hours ago 0 Johnsonville Sausage Employees Continue to Be Adorable With Their Advertising Ideas By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Can It, Haters! Here's What Pepsi Did Right By Dave Barton - 7 hours ago 0 United Airlines' Passenger Ejection May Cause Permanent Brand Damage, Experts Say By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 United Airlines' Passenger Ejection May Cause Permanent Brand Damage, Experts Say By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Watch 'SNL' Take on Pepsi's Kendall Jenner Protest Ad - 2 days ago 0 Chipotle Seeks Laughs (and Distance From Food Safety Concerns) in Biggest Campaign Yet By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Chobani CMO: Earned Media Is as Important as TV or Events By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Why We Killed the Account Manager By Karen Jacobs and John Trahar - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Burnett's Andrew Swinand: Race Is On for Shops to Beat Consultants By Lindsay Stein. Published on April 11, 2017. Leo Burnett North America CEO Andrew Swinand Credit: Courtesy Leo Burnett Most Popular Leo Burnett has launched The Core, a new offering that brings together the group's existing data, analytics, research, CRM and search technology capabilities with the goal of creating more personalized content for clients. The Core, which will serve as a resource for the entire Leo Burnett Group, including Leo Burnett, Arc and Rokkan, is being led by John Lowell, former VP-product strategy at Uptake. Mr. Lowell previously co-founded Ardent with Andrew Swinand, who joined Leo Burnett North America as CEO earlier this year. Upon Mr. Swinand's appointment, Burnett acquired Ardent and The Abundancy, two digital shops from the portfolio of Abundant Venture Partners, an accelerator network of startups and tech firms that Mr. Swinand began when he left SMG in 2011. Ad Age discussed with Mr. Swinand exactly "The Core" is and why he believes it can provide a competitive advantage for the Leo Burnett Group in going up against other agencies and consultancies. Ad Age: Where did the idea come from for The Core? Mr. Swinand: I spent the last eight years focused on data and analytics. When I got to Leo, I saw that we had hundreds of specialists and I looked at all of these capabilities that weren't consolidated or integrated and immediately had the idea for an integrated team and offering to create simplicity and transparency because clients want a single source and a single view of their data. Ad Age: The offering houses the agency's capabilities, such as Personifi, HumanLab and Ardent search technology. What does it do beyond serving as an umbrella unit for these capabilities? Mr. Swinand: The thing that's really cool about it, for example, is HumanLab has been doing segmentation research and customer lifecycle and lifetime value research. What we'll be able to do by bringing it all together is link all of that segmentation work with data management platforms, so working with Adobe and Krux to integrate their segments to ours, but also taking their segments and actual ad propensity metrics and emotional metrics on top of behavioral analytics. So for me, it's the ability to marry EQ and IQ and that creates a huge source of competitive advantage for us, as well as being able to leverage behavioral data and insights and add emotion and persuasion on top of it to inform more personalized creative messages and content. Ad Age: Is this a way of also competing with the Accentures and Deloittes of the world? Mr. Swinand: One hundred percent. The race that's on is: can creative agencies learn to integrate data and analytics into their creative culture faster than consultancies can buy creative agencies and become creative content producers? The idea of putting data and analytics at our core basically leverages that. Leo Burnett has the largest creative department under one roof in the country and feeding all of those creatives with behavior analytics and insights will allow us to produce more personalized content, allowing us to compete and win against consultancies and other competitors who are trying to use data to their competitive advantage. Ad Age: Why is John Lowell the right person to lead The Core? Mr. Swinand: Uptake was Brad Keywell's startup, who was the founder of Groupon, and John was in charge of all of the analytics. John has a huge amount of experience, managing huge data sets and he helped me cofound Ardent and he basically was the head of product at Flite, which is the dynamic video content technology that became the platform standard for Procter & Gamble and Microsoft. He's a data rock star. I'm excited because it's a much bigger group with more capabilities than anything else I've seen, and having John with his diverse experience leading it will be something really special. Ad Age: Will you be trying to tap more into media with The Core? Mr. Swinand: For me, the big idea is an integrated view. What's interesting right now is that creative agencies have their creative analytics team, search agencies have their search analytics teams and media agencies have their media analytics teams, and by creating The Core, we're bringing together all of these skills. Content and context are so intertwined. I don't think it's about media planning and buying. For me it's about providing clients with a holistic view of what consumers want and do and I believe that holistic view includes content and context and clients want an integrated view more and more and they want partners that can deliver that. In this article: Agencies CRM Research Search Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Global Perfume Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Forecast and Industry Report 2017-2022 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/11/2017 — Perfume which was earlier considered to be a trivial commodity, has now turned into an everyday personal grooming product. It provides pleasant smell which adds to one’s personality and boosts confidence. Perfume also offers aromatherapeutic benefits such as relieving stress, easing out mind and increasing energy levels. According to a new report by Expert Market Research, the global perfume market reached a value of US$ 37 Billion in 2016 and is further expected to reach US$ 49 Billion by 2022. Over the past few years, the market for perfumes has witnessed several changes with increasing competition and fluctuating consumers’ preferences. Consumers have become extra conscious about their personal appearance and grooming in order to fit in today’s society. This has led to the trend of a higher spending on products like perfumes which enhances one’s personality. A high demand for premium perfumes with exotic and unique fragrances has also been observed. Further, manufacturers are venturing into the use of natural and renewable ingredients in order to reach a wide consumer base. Keeping in mind the convenience, the packaging methods of perfumes have also improved as they are now available in the form of rollerballs, travel sprays, etc. Increasing global population, rising urbanisation rates, aggressive marketing by manufacturers and a growing demand from emerging markets such as Asia-Pacific are some of the other forces that have broadened the growth aspects of the global perfume market. Request Sample of the Report: http://www.expertmarketresearch.com/request?type=report&id=42&flag=B Key findings from the report: The two different types of perfumes are premium products and mass products. Premium products dominated the market with a share of more than a half of the global perfume market in 2016. Region-wise, North America represented the biggest market for perfumes in 2016. Some of the other major markets include South America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Middle East and Africa. Some of the key players operating in the global perfume market are Avon Products Inc., Natura Cosméticos S.A., Chanel S.A., Coty, Inc., LVMH, L’Oréal Groupe, Estée Lauder Comapanies Inc., Procter & Gamble Co., Botica Comercial Farmacêutica Ltda, and others. These players are coming up with new and different fragrances along with convenient packaging methods so as to meet consumers’ fluctuating demands. Browse report summary with Table of Contents: http://www.expertmarketresearch.com/reports/perfume-market Expert Market Research has analysed the global perfume market according to type, major regions and top players: Market breakup by Type Premium Products Mass Products Market breakup by Region North America South America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa Top players Avon Products, Inc. Natura Cosméticos S.A. Chanel S.A. Coty, Inc. LVMH L’Oréal Groupe Estée Lauder Companies Inc. Procter & Gamble Co. Botica Comercial Farmacêutica Ltda Others More from EMR’s Cutting-edge Intelligence: Tobacco Market Report and Forecast 2017-2022: http://www.expertmarketresearch.com/reports/tobacco-market Ink Market Report and Forecast 2017-2022: http://www.expertmarketresearch.com/reports/ink-market About Expert Market Research Expert Market Research (EMR) is a market research and consultancy firm providing syndicated and custom research along with consultancy services to a wide clientele base which includes Fortune 1000 companies as well as small and medium enterprises. With our tailored approach, the clients gain valuable and unbiased insights that help to improve their competitive edge and realize sustainable growth. With a keen focus on the qualitative aspect as well as accuracy of the reports, we align our resources and services as per the client’s requirement and offer a flexible engagement model that best suits their needs. We offer market intelligence across a range of industry verticals which include Pharmaceuticals, Food and Beverage, Technology, Retail, Chemical & Materials, Energy & Mining, Packaging and Agriculture. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Award-Winning Salon in Royal Oak Expands Variety of Specialty Services Next PostNext HVAC Controls Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Search Recent Posts Pharma Trade At MIA Soars Higher In 2016 StemCyte Partners with Save the Cord Foundation to Bring Cord Blood Education to Intel ISEF 2017 TeamHealth Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Oliver Rogers, Announces Retirement; Mike Wiechart Named as Successor Vencore Appoints Kevin Boyle as Senior Vice President and General Counsel New Delta by Marriott Hotel And Watters Creek Convention Center To Open in Allen, Texas in 2018 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Hair Dryer Market 2017-2021 News provided by Reportlinker Apr 11, 2017, 14:01 ET Share this article NEW YORK, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Hair Dryer Hair dryers are considered as personal care appliances that are used for drying hair. Some hair dryers are also used for different hair styling. Within the personal care appliances space, other than hair dryers, hair straighteners and hair stylers have been considered in the other segment. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04821872/Global-Hair-Dryer-Market.html Technavio's analysts forecast the global hair dryer market to grow at a CAGR of 4.60% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hair dryer market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail volume and value sales of the market. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - MEA Technavio's report, Global Hair Dryer Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Conair - Dyson - Koninklijke Philips - Panasonic - TESCOM Other prominent vendors - Beauty Elite Group - Bio Ionic - Devacurl - Drybar - elchim - Farouk Systems - HARRYJOSH.COM - Helen Of Troy - Jemella - John Paul Mitchell Systems - Kao - L'Oréal - Ligo-Electric - LVMH - NuMe - P&G - Rusk - Solano International - Spectrum Brands - Sultra - T3 Micro - Trade Box - Turbo Ion - Unilever Market driver - Product innovation in terms of operations, features, and design highly influence new and upgrade purchases - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Fragmented market and mature category - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increase in demand for lightweight hair dryers - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04821872/Global-Hair-Dryer-Market.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-hair-dryer-market-2017-2021-300438141.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Apr 11, 2017, 14:04 ET Preview: Private Tutoring Market In China 2017-2021 Apr 11, 2017, 13:58 ET Preview: Epiomic Epidemiology Series: Cholera Forecast for selected Asian Markets 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 11, 2017, 15:18 ETAsia-Pacific Ethernet Cable Market (2016 - 2022) Apr 11, 2017, 15:16 ETGlobal Smart Glass & Smart Window Market (2016 - 2022) Explore More news releases in similar topics Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Hair Dryer Market 2017-2021 News provided by Reportlinker Apr 11, 2017, 14:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Submitted updated: 4/11/2017 12:21 PM Experts to dissect 30 years of noted Organization Development research at Benedictine event Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Ryan Blackburn Two recognized leaders in organization development (OD), Richard W. Woodman, Ph.D., and William Pasmore, Ph.D., will reflect on more than 30 years of research in the field known for examining the structures and processes that influence employee behavior and lead to better, more efficient and high-performing workplaces. The two scholars will present "The Past, the Present and the Future of OD," from 9:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m. on Saturday, April 22, on the fourth floor of Goodwin Hall at Benedictine University. The lecture is presented as part of the Ph.D. in Organization Development and Master of Science in Management and Organizational Behavior programs' Contemporary Trends in Change Management Lecture Series. These annual forums allow for a vast array of professionals from across a variety of fields to have networking and professional development opportunities. Both Woodman and Pasmore are the editors of the renowned "Research in Organizational Change and Development," a book series which began with volume 1 in 1987 as a collection of scholarly articles detailing actions that can be taken on the part of researchers and practitioners to expand and extend current approaches to organization development. Now in its 24th volume, the text has since become a premier source for well-integrated reviews of literature, advances in research methods and ideas about practice in OD that open new ways of working with organizations to create more successful and sustainable approaches to change. In their review of recent research contributions, Woodman and Pasmore note a number of shifts that are causing both scholars and practitioners to rethink how they intervene in organizations today. These shifts, and their effects on individuals, organizations and society, have opened up exciting possibilities for the advancement of OD. These two experts will also discuss how high rates of failure in organizational change efforts call attention to the need to identify and address persistent problems that threaten success. Woodman is the Lawrence E. Fouraker Professor of Business and former head of the Department of Management at Texas A&M University. His research interests focus on organizational change and organizational creativity, and his published work can be found in the top management, psychology and organizational leadership journals. He has been a distinguished member of several editorial boards, and has served as national program chair and division chair of the Organization Development and Change Division of the Academy of Management. Previously, Woodman was a military intelligence officer in the U.S. Army, worked in both the petroleum and banking industries and served for several years as vice president of a financial institution. Pasmore has been advising leaders for nearly 40 years. He is actively involved in delivering services to clients as a coach to CEOs and is a trusted advisor in matters pertaining to leadership and change. His clients have included GE, Procter & Gamble, Ingersoll Rand, NOVA Chemicals, Alcatel-Lucent, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc., United Airlines, Levi Strauss & Co., Unilever, Polaroid, Kaiser Permanente and Amoco Corporation, among many others. As a thought leader in the field of organization development, Pasmore has published 28 books and numerous articles, including "Leading Continuous Change," "Developing a Leadership Strategy," "The Board's New Roles in Succession Planning," "Choosing the Next Best CEO," "Designing Effective Organizations," "Creating Strategic Change," and "Relationships that Enable Enterprise Change." He is a frequent international keynote speaker. This event is free and open to the public. Lunch will be made available for purchase. Please RSVP by going to ben.edu/manage. For more information, contact Elizabeth Reniche at ereniche@ben.edu or (630) 829-6361. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Naperville Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: News Aurora Bolingbrook Downers Grove Elmhurst Glen Ellyn Hinsdale Lisle Lombard Naperville North Aurora Northbrook Oak Brook Submitted Content News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale Little Rock Tech Park to hold grand opening on April 24, 16 tenants have signed leases Visit Rogers hires digital marketers to promote tourism The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Witnesses describe botched executions in Oklahoma, Alabama; American Bar objects to executions Opponents: Exonerations show death penalty should be banned Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance Trump’s EPA drops stipulated penalties on Fort Smith’s federal consent decree ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale Visit Rogers hires digital marketers to promote tourism Trump’s EPA drops stipulated penalties on Fort Smith’s federal consent decree Willie Nelson, the Outlaw Music Tour to play the Walmart AMP in Rogers Video / Podcasts Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule Senate Majority Leader Hendren says tax reform, highway funding linked TB&P Daily: Michael Tilley on a tightening state budget TB&P Daily: SXSW with CJRW’s Zack Hill Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Carriers merge to form a $6 billion company Little Rock slackwater harbor expansion awaiting Trump administration approval Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Longtime golf pro Paul Eiserman leaves Pinnacle Country Club Northwest Arkansas by Paul Gatling (pgatling@nwabj.com) 14 hours ago 280 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet The par-5 14th hole at Pinnacle Country Club in Rogers. Pinnacle Country Club, the private club in Rogers whose core clientele is the executive set, has had a shakeup in its management team. Longtime golf professional Paul Eiserman left the club in mid-March. General manager Tim Johnson confirmed the departure but did not disclose the reason for the exit. “Paul did a fantastic job for us while he was here, there’s no question,” Johnson said Tuesday (April 11). “We decided to go in a different direction. That’s really about all I can say about it. I wish him nothing but the best. He’s a good man.” Eiserman was recruited in April 2003 from St. Albans Country Club in St. Louis to be Pinnacle’s head golf professional. He later assumed the title of director of golf. “I’ve been in the golf business a long time and Pinnacle has been very good to my family,” Eiserman said. “But things change. I wish everybody there the best. I’ve got some good things happening, but I can’t really comment on what those are because they haven’t happened yet, so I am hoping those come to fruition.” Rogers native D.J. Ransom, a fixture at the club for several years, was promoted to head golf professional in 2011, and will continue in that role. Johnson said the director of golf position has been eliminated. Pinnacle currently has 418 golf memberships, said Johnson, who replaced Pat Hennessy as general manager in October 2015. The club also hosts an annual stop on the LPGA Tour. The Walmart NW Arkansas Championship presented by P&G is scheduled this year the week of June 19-25. Pinnacle was founded in 1990 as Champions Golf & Country Club. It endured a litany of early financial troubles tied to its initial developer, a promoter from Fredonia, Kan., named Fred Berckefeldt. The mismanagement was so shaky that Berckefeldt’s dealings strapped the development with an $18.5 million debt. In 1992, a group of local developers — led by the late James T. “Red” Hudson — bought the club when it was on the verge of bankruptcy, and ran Berckefeldt out of town. Hudson, founder and chairman of poultry giant Hudson Foods Inc. of Rogers, eventually bought Pinnacle outright in 2002. Hudson died of lung cancer in August 2006 at the age of 81, but his family still owns the club, with his son Mike Hudson serving as president. Comments comments Previous post Jebaraj to lead CBER quarterly economic update Next post Women in Banking panel scheduled April 27 at Clinton Library Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Latest Popular Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale 5 hours ago Witnesses describe botched executions in Oklahoma, Alabama; American Bar objects to executions 5 hours ago Opponents: Exonerations show death penalty should be banned 8 hours ago Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance 9 hours ago Little Rock Tech Park to hold grand opening on April 24, 16 tenants have signed leases 9 hours ago Walmart U.S. to cut 10% of local tech division jobs, Sam’s Club also cutting staff 13,874 views Jonesboro may lose one of its two convention center projects 2,546 views Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market 2,381 views ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates 1,629 views Fort Smith-based Beaty Capital buys Masonic Temple in Cleveland, closer to opening Fort Smith Temple 1,206 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 45° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today A mainly sunny sky. High 74F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 54F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 12, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Loews to buy Consolidated Container for $1.2 billion Reuters 13 hrs ago (…) Loews Corp., a hotel, energy and financial services conglomerate, said it would buy plastic packaging manufacturer Consolidated Container Co. from Bain Capital Private Equity for about $1.2 billion. Consolidated Container, which provides packaging solutions for beverages, food and household chemicals, will become a part of a newly created segment called Loews Packaging Group, adding a new industry to Loews' already diverse portfolio. "We have been analyzing the packaging industry for some time because it fits our key acquisition criteria," Loews Chief Executive James Tisch said in a statement. "It is a fragmented industry that generates strong cash flows and we believe it is unlikely to be subject to major technological disruption." Who's hired? Check our People in Business Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring The deal is expected to be funded with about 50 percent cash on hand and 50 percent debt, Loews said. Atlanta-based Consolidated Container's customers include Colgate-Palmolive, Procter & Gamble and Dean Foods among others. Bain Capital Private Equity in March bought Diversey Care, the cleaning and chemicals systems division of Sealed Air Corp., for about $3.2 billion.   Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Consolidated Container Co. Company Finance Commerce Packaging Private Equity Economics View (…) comments Most popular Stores are closing at a pace that rivals the last U.S. recession Another St. Louis company sold: Panera Bread goes for $7.5 billion Brothers turn toward the unconventional with St. Charles County shrimp farm The troubles at the American mall are coming to a boil St. Louis isn't alone in losing corporate headquarters Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News The 2016 Holiday Hiring Season: Higher Wages Ahead Train Your Team to be a Recruiting Machine Flexible Scheduling for Today’s Seasonal Workers Customer Service Strategies that Help Maximize Holiday Sales Signing High Demand Talent: Intel from Staffing Experts Latest in section Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs Senate advances new rules for Uber and Lyft, nixes fingerprint checks for local taxis U.S. stock indexes end little changed; oil price recovers Laclede Gas files first rate increase in four years Volkswagen offers 6-year warranty to win back U.S. customers Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Look for our new section in Sunday's Post-Dispatch. Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV Features TV Industry Struggles to Agree on Ratings Innovation Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk The Voorhes for Variety April 11, 2017 | 10:00AM PT When Nielsen announced plans last year to offer Total Content Ratings, an initiative to measure audiences no matter what screen is being watched, Hulu seemed an ideal beneficiary. This story first appeared in the April 11, 2017 issue of Variety. Subscribe today.See more. The streaming service makes everything from “Empire” to “The Golden Girls” available on every conceivable device, from tablets to smartphones. But just as Nielsen was preparing in December for an early 2017 launch of the metric, NBCUniversal, which has an ownership stake in Hulu, and other media companies successfully argued for a narrower rollout. Part of their objection was how measurement of shows on Hulu “was significantly incomplete, and therefore would actually offer misguided direction,” says Krishan Bhatia, executive vice president of business operations and strategy for the ad sales division at NBCU. Megan Clarken, president of product leadership at Nielsen, says her employer will be better equipped to capture every set of eyeballs looking at Hulu after the implementation of TCR tracking software, which should be in place by July. The Voorhes for Variety It’s not easy to embrace new ways of doing business after decades of sticking to the same methodology that has been in place since the “The Honeymooners” first flickered on screen. But if the industry can’t come to a consensus on which solution is best to evolve TV’s hopelessly broken measurement system beyond its current reliance solely on Nielsen monitoring of linear TV audiences, it risks losing no small portion of the approximately $44 billion in advertising dollars that ad-buyer Magna Global says was spent on national TV last year. Getting everyone on the same page “is in [the TV networks’] best interests, as well as mine,” says Amy McNeil, head of digital media for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, which spent north of $758 million on TV commercials last year, according to Kantar Media. That makes the car manufacturer one of the nation’s biggest TV-ad spenders. If the industry can’t agree, it risks giving rise to a cacophony of ratings systems. “We will come up with partnerships that allow us to force a measuring methodology that’s going to be different than the person who is 30 miles down the road from me,” McNeil says. “That becomes really messy.” The way rates are set now, TV networks, from CBS to ESPN to Food Network, rely on Nielsen’s count of the number of people between the ages of 18 and 49 who watch TV ads either live or up to three days later — or, in some cases, even a week after the program they accompany debuts. The measure is known as “commercial ratings” plus the given number of days — “C3” or “C7.” With more people viewing in ways that aren’t always easily monetized through advertising, such as more than seven days after the initial airing or streaming on digital platforms, Nielsen totals are shrinking, and the networks wind up seeing money slip away. The remedy for this has been for media giants like Viacom, Time Warner’s Turner, and NBCUniversal to cobble together new techniques that show how much viewership they can really accumulate as TV fans move from one screen to another. A growing phalanx of data tools — set-top box patterns, shopping behavior, and web tracking — has allowed many of the networks to build proprietary measurement products that let advertisers such as AT&T, Pepsi, and General Motors find pockets of their most likely customers, whether they be high-income technophiles, soda guzzlers, or first-time car buyers. Because each media company has crafted its own yardstick, however, Madison Avenue fears the industry may never work under a unified structure again. “We have fracturing consumer usage that we know is going from linear TV to ‘over the top,’ to VOD, to mobile — and we don’t have a good way to re-aggregate those audiences that is believable and reliable,” says David Cohen, president of North American operations for Magna, which oversees $17 billion in U.S. ad spending. In other words, there’s no way to compare apples to apples among the congloms’ many conflicting bespoke systems. There couldn’t be a better time than the present for the industry to unite. TV’s primary siphon of ad dollars — desktop and mobile-display advertising — is expected to surpass linear TV as the world’s largest ad medium this year, according to a forecast by large ad buyer ZenithOptimedia. However, digital spending could be impacted by advertisers’ growing frustrations regarding click fraud and imprecise traffic numbers. There are also concerns about ads that run before shows: Data suggest that such short pre-roll videos don’t make an impression. “We come up with partnerships that allow us to force a measuring methodology different than the person 30 miles down the road — that becomes really messy.” amy mcneil, fiat chrysler Facebook in September disclosed that for two years it overestimated the average viewing time for video ads streaming on the social site. And a number of blue-chip marketers including AT&T, General Motors, and Starbucks have recently said they pulled ads from Google’s YouTube after discovering their commercials accompanied offensive videos. Agreeing upon new ways to measure audiences would help the TV networks push back against their digital rivals. In just a few weeks, the networks will start their annual upfront negotiations with Madison Avenue, during which they’ll try to sell the bulk of their ad inventory — billions of dollars — for the coming season. NBCUniversal alone is aiming to sell more than $6 billion in advertising during its upfront. Executives at the Comcast-owned media giant say they can’t delay offering their own alternative forms of measurement. “We don’t have the luxury of waiting for someone to solve all of our problems,” says Bhatia. “We are taking that on ourselves.” Nielsen’s effort to implement TCR shows how much discord the industry must resolve: To make the measurement work, media companies need to install software code across a wide variety of distribution points — mobile apps, video-on-demand interfaces, and more. But the process varies from TV network to TV network, and depends upon each network’s individual priorities. Perhaps one media company places more emphasis on measuring desktop video-streaming, while another is eager to aggregate viewership from a particular mobile app. Because each network is pursuing a different agenda, the fear is that industry-wide rankings might wind up being incongruous, rather than measuring the same thing in every instance. Indeed, TV seems poised to enter a post-Nielsen era in which networks use their own methods to arrive at different types of ratings. Nielsen may no longer be a one-stop shop for measurement at a time when the industry is eager to go beyond simple demographics. But such overall ratings likely will remain a key ingredient amid a more diverse mix of metrics that could also mean more influence for measurement rivals like comScore. To keep the mass numbers that big-spending advertisers need, media companies are likely to broaden the set of tools they use to verify audiences scattered across the plethora of screens. To be sure, Nielsen will remain part of the mix. Without a third-party data check, no one will be able to compare, say, ABC’s performance to Fox’s, or TNT’s to FX’s. “That’s not a world anybody wants to be in,” says Nielsen’s Clarken, “Our role is to be the referee, to step in the middle, to show the story of how these guys compare to each other.” What happens, however, when the players on the field are increasingly making up their own rules? Donna Speciale has long known what advertisers want. Now she has to make sure she can sell it to them. Cause for Celebration With Total Content Ratings, “The Big Bang Theory” grew 67% to 24.4 million viewers. Speciale, who oversees ad sales for Time Warner’s Turner unit, brings a unique perspective to her job. She spent more than two decades helping blue-chip marketers like Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola, and Kraft Foods figure out where to spend millions of dollars on advertising. Among her achievements: lining up ad support for the nascent CW network in 2006 by convincing executives to let P&G buy up an entire commercial break and run a short piece of promotional programming instead of the usual pitches for beauty products and cleaning supplies. She’s breaking convention again, joining with Viacom and 21st Century Fox’s Fox Networks Group to try to sell ads in a more refined way. More advertisers are pressing for what’s known as “audience buying,” which uses data to find narrower crowds of consumers based on such criteria as income or product preference. And the media companies are eager to deliver. “We now know how many diet cola drinkers watch ‘Blue Bloods’ on Friday nights,” says David Poltrack, chief research officer at CBS Corp. Speciale says the three companies are building a system — which they call “Open AP” — at the request of their sponsors. Too often, a marketer seeking, say, someone who wants to buy a car, must strike different agreements on the data they might want to use to define that consumer segment, because each media company has concocted its own data formula. If several media companies agree to define consumer segments with the same methodology, she says, advertisers will have an easier time. Accenture, Nielsen, and comScore have been tapped to assist on the project. Such an alliance is rare. After all, the three companies work tirelessly to keep ad dollars from going to competitors. Their convergence might be likened to a scene in the “The Godfather” in which the heads of the rival “families” agree to a critical truce. To be sure, executives from all three congloms say the partnership does not mean Turner, Viacom, or Fox will sell ad packages in tandem with one another — just that they will all do business based on the same standard. The trio hopes other companies will join, says Bryson Gordon, executive vice president of data strategy at Viacom. He thinks the arrangement could give TV networks and advertisers a sense of stability. But others are holding off for now, citing their own audience-buying standards. “We have made our own advances,” says NBCU’s Bhatia, “and are ready for the marketplace with our tools and capabilities.” The new deals — and systems of measurement — may seem more complex, but advertisers want them, Speciale says, because traditional methods aren’t as useful as they once were.  “It’s very hard to get to these consumer segments looking at things on an adults 18-to-49 [basis],” she says. “We have to be able to get to a measure that’s based on the audience segments advertisers want.” But in so doing, TV networks and advertisers are likely to wind up using multiple data sources to judge advertising effectiveness. “This is not going to be one size fits all,” adds Speciale. “It’s not going to be like that anymore.” If anyone can shake an industry that has historically been slow to innovate, it’s Lyle Schwartz. National TV Advertising Growth Begins to Slow Down Don’t let the third-quarter pop provided by the Summer Olympics fool you: The increases broadcast and cable ad revenues have been posting since the fourth quarter of 2015 have been trending downward. source: cowen and company About a decade ago, Schwartz, president of implementation for GroupM in North America, and his colleague, Rino Scanzoni, set out to change the economic foundation of the TV business. Americans were turning in droves to the time-delayed, ad-skipping viewing enabled by the DVR, and Madison Avenue was in the midst of a collective freak-out. Some marketers were even trying to tuck hidden messages and codes for prizes into their commercials so that DVR users would rethink their fast-forwarding. To solve the problem, GroupM made an eyebrow-raising proposition: Rather than judge TV shows by their Nielsen program ratings, why not rely on a new Nielsen measure that examined the average viewership of commercial breaks, and accounted for three days’ of time-shifted viewing? The process took the better part of two years to implement, but GroupM, one of the nation’s biggest media-buying companies, which oversees $30 billion in ad spending in the U.S. and Canada, made the change stick. Now the media-buying firm wants to tear up the playbook again. Under a new plan making its way to ad-sales chiefs and research gurus at a number of U.S. media companies, GroupM is devising a way to account for views of commercials across multiple screens. The plan would require a certain number of commercial breaks built with the same “ad load” to appear across television sets, desktop computers, and mobile devices. That means that if an ad break contains spots for Corn Flakes, Samsung, and Kohl’s during an hour of, say, “NCIS,” then the same break would have to appear in streaming-video transmissions of the same episode. With that fixed order in place, viewership of the commercial interruption could be tracked, says Schwartz, and TV networks would presumably gain back some of the mass viewership they’ve lost as audiences splinter. “What happens when a few of the players move in this direction?” posits Schwartz. “You’re going to see that the ratings go up.” Networks that disagree with the idea may come around to it once executives see rivals’ viewership numbers on the rise, he adds. Not everyone shares Schwartz’s optimism. Several executives worry that the system forces digital-video outlets, including Hulu, to run the same commercial breaks that people like to fast forward past or otherwise avoid when they watch traditional TV. Others are concerned the system cuts their flexibility at a time when more advertisers are trying to tailor their pitches to the consumer’s exact experience in which video is being consumed. “There’s nuance in how users interact with different screens, whether it’s a big TV or a little mobile device,” says John Swift, chief executive of North American investment at Omnicom Media Group, where he oversees how approximately $29 billion in ad spending is allocated in the U.S. and Canada. “Let’s look at the size of the screen. Let’s look at the content there. Each platform needs to deliver the best consumer experience. I’d rather have better measurement of each individual platform so that we can work within each to deliver the best experience rather than jamming it all together.” Nielsen Declines: Shrinking Audience or Measurement Issues? A Cowen & Co. survey in December 2016 sought to get a sense from ad buyers as to where they laid the blame for fading TV ratings, which don’t seem to be reversing anytime soon. – 35%: I think the declines are largely due to measurement issues, and partially due to declining TV- show audience – 23%: I think the declines are largely due to declining TV- show audience, and partially due to measurement issues – 23%: I think both TV-audience declines and measurement issues are roughly equally important – 13%: think the declines are totally due to declining TV- show audience – 6%: I think the declines are totally due to measurement issues Source: Cowen Proprietary Ad Survey. several respondents who allocated 100% of ad spend to digital are excluded.. NBCU’s Bhatia agrees. “Why would I force a legacy advertising model onto new platforms that don’t lend themselves to that?” he asks. NBCU runs fewer commercials in its video-on-demand selections, on Hulu, and in other digital venues, he says, than it does on linear TV. “We believe that’s essential to the success of those platforms.” Many executives recognize the GroupM effort is meant to spark the industry to tackle the issue together. And, indeed, there is room for change. To accommodate digital venues that feature reduced commercials, Schwartz proposes leaving room for ad breaks that don’t have to exactly match the TV model. Ultimately, Madison Avenue and the TV networks need to construct something new to keep the ad dollars flowing. But they also need to be careful in their methods, because they may end up building a modern-day Tower of Babel, where everyone has something to offer, but few can understand what it is that anyone is trying to sell. Schwartz, too, believes that the industry must embrace something new, and soon. He’d like a new system to be in place in time for the 2018 upfront, and he’s open to using data from Nielsen, comScore, or Symphony Advanced Media, among others, to make it palatable. “This is an evolution of the marketplace,” says Schwartz. “I think vendors who don’t want to move this way — well, you know what happens to things that don’t evolve.” Filed Under: Hulu Kantar Media Nielsen Tv Advertising Upfront 2017 Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 Most Popular 1 TV 9:26PM PT Dorothy Mengering, David Letterman’s Mother, Dies at 95 2 TV 6:01PM PT Bill O’Reilly Will Take Vacation in Midst of Sexual-Harassment Controversy 3 Music 5:23PM PT J. Geils of The J. Geils Band Dies at 71 4 Biz 3:32PM PT Sean Spicer Apologizes for ‘Inappropriate, Insensitive’ Holocaust Comment 5 Biz 1:44PM PT Snapchat CEO Said ‘This App Is Only for Rich People,’ Ex-Employee Alleges Emmys: Final ‘Girls’ Season Makes a Strong Case in Heated Comedy Categories Oscars: Will New Animated Voting Procedures Hurt Smaller Films? ‘Get Out’ Leads First-Ever MTV Movie and TV Awards Nominations Academy Launches Internship Program Aimed at Diversity and Inclusion Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. MArketing guru says: April 11, 2017 at 2:54 pm ATSC 3.0 Reply Report comment More TV News from Variety The Power of Content Pièce de Résistance: You'll Love Making Your Own Beer With the… Dorothy Mengering Dies: David Letterman's Mom Was 95 15 Easter-Egg-Colored Shoes Perfect For Spring David Letterman's Mom, Late Show Favorite Dorothy Mengering… 'Lucas Bros: On Drugs' Trailer: The Twins Explain How Not to Do… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Tampons Market 2016 by Trends, Growth and Forecast to 2020 ReportsWeb.com published Tampons Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 11, 2017 ) Among various feminine hygiene products, the acceptance level of tampons is low due to lack of affordability, cultural restraints, and fears associated with tampon use. However, increasing marketing and advertising initiatives undertaken by vendors to educate women about the benefits associated with the use of tampons is expected to increase the share of this segment in the global feminine hygiene products market during the forecast period. Publisher's analysts forecast the global tampons market to grow at a CAGR of 5.87% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-tampons-market-2016-2020 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global tampons market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from revenue generated from retail sales of tampons. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Tampons Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Procter & Gamble - Unicharm - Johnson & Johnson - Kimberly-Clark - Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget - Edgewell Personal Care Company Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001508344/sample . Other prominent vendors - Bella - Bodywise - First Quality Enterprises - Lil-Lets - Masmi - Moxie - Ontex - Pee Buddy - Seventh Generation - Xinxiang Health Products Market driver - Increasing awareness among women about health and hygiene products - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Safety concerns associated with tampon usage - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increasing demand in emerging markets - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001508344/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
On Air: 7-9am weekdays Newstalk Breakfast Newstalk Breakfast - every weekday morning from 7-9am, giving you the first bite at news, sport, business, tech and entertainment Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions LIFE all Film & TV Music Food Travel Books Lifestyle Entertainment Parenting Give In To Living LIFE Pope opens free laundromat in Rome The Vatican said it hopes the service will "restore dignity to many people" Life Ciro Guardaccione, a homeless person who is a regular of the Sant’Egidio Community Centre, removes clothes from a washing machine in a laundry opened in this catholic community in Rome. Pope Francis has opened a new laundromat for the homeless to wash, dry and iron their clothing and blankets.The laundromat, not far from the Vatican, has six washing machines, six dryers and several ironing boards and irons. | Image: Alessandra Tarantino/AP/Press Association Images 15:09 11 Apr 2017 Fionnuala Jones 16 hours ago Pope Francis has opened a free laundromat in Rome for the poor, according to Vatican reports. The service, opened at the beginning of Holy Week and running up to Easter this Sunday, is based in the historic Rome neighborhood of Trastevere. It welcomes the homeless in particular, as well as anyone who needs to wash, dry and iron their clothes. “This is a free service offered to the poorest people … who can wash, dry and iron their own clothes and blankets,” Archbishop Konrad Krajewski said in a statement. Krajewski added that this “gives concrete form to charity and works of mercy aimed at restoring dignity to so many people who are our brothers and sisters.” Whirlpool donated six washers and dryers, and Procter & Gamble has volunteered to give detergent and fabric softener. The laundromat will be run by Catholic charity Community of Sant’Edigio, and staffed by volunteers. Over the summer, Pope Francis is hoping to add further facilities, including a barbers, showers and medical services. This isn't the first time the so-called 'People's Pope' has put cleanliness next to godliness - in 2015, he set up showers for the homeless in front of St. Peter’s Basilica. “Help is always right,” the Pope told a Milan-based magazine recently. “Certainly, it is not a good thing just to throw a few coins at the poor. The gesture is important, helping those who ask, looking them in the eyes and touching their hands.” 15:09 11 Apr 2017 Fionnuala Jones 16 hours ago 4 Related articles Pope Francis says church could consider married priests Pope asks forgiveness for 'failings of Church' during Rwandan genocide WATCH: Pope Francis preaches inclusion at Super Bowl LI Pope Francis issues social media warning to teenagers news cards #Trump100 most popular latest sport #PornWeek: The A to Z - by way of XXX - of pornography Ronald Koeman travels to Donegal to meet Seamus Coleman Who is Paulo Dybala? Paulo Dybala stars as Juventus leave Barcelona on brink site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Newstalk Breakfast × Newstalk Breakfast - every weekday morning from 7-9am, giving you the first bite at news, sport, business, tech and entertainment Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
Click for weather forecast Home Tourist in the News News World News Tourism News Things to Do Stories about Chiangrai Golf Chiangrai Chiangrai Tours Accommodation Hotels Guesthouse's Thailand Politics Sports Thai Premier League Olympics Southern Thailand Regional News Northen Thailand Economy & Business Automotive Lifestyles Opinion NGO's Chiangrai Myth's & Legends Joel Barlow's Chiangrai Fishing Chiangrai Expat Life Chiangrai in the Media Chaingrai Farming & Agriculture Art and Artists in Chiangrai Learning Thai Legal Learning Thai with Jen English Mentors Tips Health Science Food Western Food Food Food By Suwannee Featured Expats Expats Club Chiang Rai Entertainment Concerts Chiangrai News About Chiangrai Chiang Rai Lifestyle Most Famous Tourist Attraction in Chiang Rai The Caves of Mae Sai Chiangrai City Information Chiangrai Culture and Events Map of Chiangrai City New Bus Station Chiangrai Night Bazaar About & Contact Privacy Policy Posts Gallery Stay Connected Latest Posts in RSS Accommodation Art and Artists in Chiangrai Automotive Chaingrai Farming & Agriculture Chiangrai in the Media Chiangrai News Chiangrai Tours Concerts Economy & Business English Mentors Tips Entertainment Expat Life Expats Expats Club Chiang Rai Featured Fishing Chiangrai Food Food Food By Suwannee Golf Chiangrai Guesthouse's Health Hotels Joel Barlow's Chiangrai Learning Learning Thai with Jen Lifestyles Myth's & Legends News NGO's Chiangrai Northen Thailand Olympics Opinion Regional News Science Southern Thailand Sports Stories about Chiangrai Thai Legal Thai Premier League Thailand Politics Things to Do Tourism News Tourist in the News Western Food World News Latest Comments in RSS Follow us on Twitter Connect on Facebook Tuesday, April 11th, 2017 | Posted by Editor Government Warns Local Merchants Over Profiteering During the Songkran Festival Deputy Commerce Minister Sontirat Sontijirawong attends the opening of a new Thong Fah low-cost market. (Photo Phusadee Arunmas) – BANGKOK – The government is warning local traders not to profiteer during the Songkran festival, and insists it has yet to approve price increase requests by traders for the festive period. According to Deputy Commerce Minister Sontirat Sontijirawong, the ministry has assigned the Internal Trade Department, which supervises domestic product prices, to closely monitor and examine consumer product prices during the Songkran holiday. Traders operating at major bus terminals and railway stations are particularly targeted, he said. Under the Price of Goods and Services Act, any traders found selling goods or services at prices higher than the reference prices will be subject to seven years’ imprisonment, a fine of up to 140,000 baht or both. Vendors without price labelling will be subject to a fine of not more than 10,000 baht. In a related development, the Commerce Ministry yesterday started another Thong Fah (Blue Flag) Pracha Rat low-cost scheme, selling non-branded products 15-20% cheaper than market prices, mainly via small retail outlets and at retail and wholesale shops. The cheaply priced consumer goods are manufactured and supplied by five leading manufacturers — Sahapattanapibul Plc, Unilever Thai Trading Ltd, Colgate-Palmolive Thailand, Proctor & Gamble Trading Thailand and Berli Jucker Plc — which agreed early last month to make and supply 48 consumer items at low cost. For the first stage, 18 low-cost items will be made available via 5,500 small retail outlets and at retail and wholesale shops. After April, the scheme aims to cover 20,000 outlets over the next six months and reduce people’s cost of living by 1.2 billion baht a year. The low-cost products will not be distributed through existing modern trade outlets such as 7-Eleven. Mr Sontirat said the Thong Fah scheme will be kept as a permanent project, made available mainly via the small outlets located in easily accessible areas. The initial phase will see 5,454 of the 20,000 total outlets promoted by the Business Development Department and 500 outlets of the 19,000 promoted by the National Village and Urban Community Fund sell the cheap products. The ministry is also committed to continuing to promote the mobile Thong Fah scheme in densely populated communities. It aims to double the number of low-cost food outlets to 20,000 this year. Retail and wholesale businesses account for 27.5% of the country’s employment or 2.9 million people, second only to the service sector. The sector accounts for 13.9% of GDP, trailing the service sector (32.6%) and manufacturing (27.7%). By Phusadee Arunmas – Bangkok Post Comments comments Powered by Facebook Comments Related Posts: Thailand’s Ministry of Commerce to Launch Songrkan Sales Event Thai Prime Minister Tells Farmers Government Trying to Solve Problem of Dropping Rice Prices Gold Prices Plummet Bt550 in One Day Short URL: http://www.chiangraitimes.com/?p=46116 Posted by Editor on Apr 11 2017. Filed under Economy & Business. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. Both comments and pings are currently closed. Share It Digg It Del Icio Us Add to Facebook Google Bookmarks Stumble It Twitter Add to Reddit Print This Post In Loving Memory of His Majesty the King Recently Added Learning Thai with Jen – At the Immigration Office Government Warns Local Merchants Over Profiteering During the Songkran Festival Songkran Storm Warning for Northern Thailand Thailand’s Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha Rejects Conditional Peace Talks with Muslim Insurgents Trump Pressures China and North Korea at the Same Time VIDEO: Police Drag Doctor Off Overbooked United Flight at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport Parents Warned about Drowning Rick of Children During Songkran Festival Road Safety Campaigns Launched During Songkran Holiday Thailand’s Ministry of Commerce to Launch Songrkan Sales Event Turkish Airlines Crew Helps Deliver Baby Girl At 42,000 Feet Chiangrai News Featured World News News Thailand Health Tourism News Chiang Rai Times English Language Newspaper. All Rights Reserved. Log in - Designed by Media Max Powered by Chiangraiprovince.org
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members News provided by TargEDys Apr 11, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article PARIS, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- TargEDys, which develops innovative microbiome-based solutions to regulate the appetite, has extended its Series A by 3.5 million Euro from Zaluvida, which joins existing investors Seventure Partners, NCI and Pontifax. In parallel, the TargEDys Board of Directors welcomes three new members. Zaluvida logo (PRNewsfoto/Zaluvida)      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160414/355376LOGO )      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/488381/Zaluvida_Logo.jpg ) Zaluvida invests in TargEDys   Zaluvida's investment of 3.5 million euro in TargEDys supplements the initial 5.8 million euro raised in April 2016, and its non-dilutive funding of 1.1 million euro by Bpifrance in March 2017. This additional investment will allow to accelerate and strengthen the development of TargEDys technologies and products. TargEDys builds on the work of professors Sergueï Fetissov and Pierre Déchelotte, from the University of Rouen, who were the first to identify a molecular mechanism of the "gut-brain" axis. Based on this discovery, TargEDys is developing two appetite-regulation products: ProbioSatys targets overweight through bacteria producing a protein with effects similar to α - MSH, the human satiety hormone. This product has demonstrated its effectiveness in various preclinical models. 1.4 billion people are overweight globally, as are 60% of the population of developed countries. ProbioNutrys is based on the same principle, but acts in reverse via another species of bacteria by stimulating appetite. It is intended for seniors suffering from malnourishment, cachectic or anorexic patients. Elderly people are particularly concerned by malnutrition. This phenomenon affects 4 to 10% of those who stay at home and reaches 30 to 70% of those who are hospitalized. "In addition to its contribution to our capital, Zaluvida's know-how is very valuable to TargEDys' development, in particular in terms of access to the market and marketing," reports Grégory Lambert, CEO of TargEDys. Christoph Staeuble, Zaluvida Group CEO commented: "TargEDys is well positioned at the forefront of human microbiome research and development, which I personally consider to be the ultimate frontier to address the obesity epidemic, therefore I am delighted that we are creating a partnership of like-minded teams to expedite the commercialization of these breakthrough solutions." Building on these new strengths, TargEDys hopes to quickly position itself among the global leaders in appetite regulation. Three new members have joined the Board of Directors of TargEDys: Christoph Staeuble, Matthias Miller and Danilo Casadei-Massari.   About the new members Christoph Staeuble, CEO, Zaluvida Group. Chris is a proven business leader with a track record of delivering exceptional business results in FMCG and SMCG industries. He spent the initial 17 years of his career with P&G, last as Managing Director Health Care, before joining Omega Pharma as Chief Operating Officer in 2010. He led Omega Pharma into the Top 5 of the European OTC industry then joined Zaluvida on July 1, 2016. Matthias Miller, Chief Scientific Officer, Zaluvida Group. Matthias' expertise lies in bringing product concepts through to development and clinical trials. He is a registered pharmacist and has a Masters degree in Clinical Trial Management. Prior to his appointment as Chief Scientific Officer at Zaluvida, Matthias served as COO of analyze & realize GmbH, a Berlin based life science consultancy and clinical research company. From 1987 till 2006, he worked in managing positions with German and international companies operating in the field of natural health & food products.  Danilo Casadei-Massari   Danilo has extensive experience as a senior pharmaceutical executive and as a highly successful serial entrepreneur. Most recently he was a founder and President of CM&D Pharma Ltd, a medical foods company he founded in 2007 and sold to Nestle Health Science in 2011. He is currently a Director on the boards of companies based in the USA, Italy, Ireland, Finland and France as well as a Cofounder in some of them. Danilo is an expert in start-ups and co-ventures in the pharmaceutical sector. The Board of Directors of TargEDys, is now composed of Danilo Casadei-Massari, Independent Director, Isabelle de Crémoux, representing Seventure Partners Pierre Déchelotte, Chairman Eric de La Fortelle, representing Seventure Partners Ohad Hammer, representing Pontifax, Grégory Lambert, CEO Christoph Staeuble, representing the Zaluvida group As well as two Board observers, Laurie Périé from NCI and Matthias Miller from the Zaluvida group.  About TargEDys http://www.targedys.com/about-us/ About our investors  http://www.targedys.com/about-our-investors/?logout=1 SOURCE TargEDys Apr 11, 2017, 04:46 ET Preview: TargEDys erweitert Serie A und ernennt neue Vorstandsmitglieder My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 11, 2017, 04:46 ETTargEDys erweitert Serie A und ernennt neue Vorstandsmitglieder Apr 11, 2017, 03:00 ETTargEDys amplía su Serie A y nombra a los nuevos miembros del... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Accounting News & Issues Personnel Announcements You just read: TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members News provided by TargEDys Apr 11, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News 2017 Forecast – Oral Care Products Global Market, Industry Size, Share, Analysis and Opportunities to 2023 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/11/2017 — Latest industry research report on Oral care products market. Oral cavity acts as a gateway to the body, and concern about oral health has increased very much recently. Increased awareness about maintaining oral hygiene and fresh pleasant breath have led to the increase in demand of oral care products. Good oral health is considered to be a sign of good overall health. Recently, with the development of technology, many new types of oral care products have been introduced in the market. The increasing frequency of usage, increasing awareness, availability of new attractive products are the key factors that are driving the growth of global oral care products market. Get Free Sample Report Of Oral care products Market @ http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/world-oral-care-products-market-opportunities-and-71716#RequestSample Furthermore, the shift of trend from traditional usage (which involved usage only for oral hygiene) to modern usage (which uses the oral care products as a lifestyle, status symbol and for aesthetics) has increased the demand for oral care products. Factors restraining the market growth are product recalls and presence of stringent regulatory environment. In 2013, Colgate collaborated with Indian Dental Association to conduct various checkup campaigns. It also launched new products like super slim tip bristle toothbrush and complete teeth whitening treatment. The companies profiled in this report are Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline, Dentaid, ColgatePalmolive, Oral-B Laboratories Kao Corp, Dr. Fresh Inc., Henkel KgaA, Procter & Gamble, Unilever NV, Jordan AS, Global Gillette, Sunstar, Church & Dwight and Lion Corp. Do Inquiry To Buy Report Of Oral care products Market @ http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/world-oral-care-products-market-opportunities-and-71716#InquiryForBuying The global oral care products market is segmented as below: Oral Care Products Market By Product Type Toothbrushes Power toothbrushes Manual toothbrushes Toothpaste Flosses Teeth sensitivity products Teeth whitening products Oral rinses Dentures Oral Care Devices Market By Geography North America Europe Asia-Pacific LAMEA About Market research Store Market Research Store is a single destination for all the industry, company and country reports. We feature large repository of latest industry reports, leading and niche company profiles, and market statistics released by reputed private publishers and public organizations. Market Research Store is the comprehensive collection of market intelligence products and services available on air. We have market research reports from number of leading publishers and update our collection daily to provide our clients with the instant online access to our database. With access to this database, our clients will be able to benefit from expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends. Contact Us: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street, Suite #8138, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, USA USA Tel: 386-310-3803 GMT Tel: +49-322 210 92714 USA/Canada Toll Free No. 855-465-4651 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Web: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diversification and Acquisitions Boosting Growth in Cannabis and Medical Marijuana Industry Next PostNext Layton, UTAH General Society of Mayflower Descendant, Adam Paul Green (Ancestor Stephen Hopkins / Gen.No. 86,723) Announces New Geneology Asset Website for Local Enthusiasts Search Recent Posts SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Produce Safety a Hot Topic at Global Food Safety Initiative’s 2017 Conference HouseCallsNow Inc. and SecondOpinionExpert Inc. form Strategic Partnership Stetson Law Students Win Awards in Three Categories at International Moot Court Competition in Hong Kong Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Julien Rath Apr. 11, 2017, 5:22 AM 1,083 facebook linkedin twitter email print Comcast CEO Brian Roberts. Business Insider Good morning. Here's everything you need to know in the world of advertising today. 1. PewDiePie launched his latest show on Twitch. The YouTube star said the platform is "over" after being removed from its preferred advertising program. 2. Execs from Anomaly, TBWA, and M&C Saatchi launched a new agency. The ideas agency, which is called Ugly, is backed by M&C Saatchi but will operate independent and has the goal of using creativity to transform business, according to a report from The Drum. 3. Comcast is building a Netflix competitor with NBC shows. It could launch in the next 12 to 18 months and would include shows from Bravo, SyFy, and USA, according to a report from Ad Age. 4. Facebook said it has over 5 million advertisers using its platform. In March 2016 the company said it had 3 million using it. 5. Esports team Fnatic raised $7 million from two NBA franchises and an Italian soccer team. The London-based team wants to move more towards becoming a lifestyle brand. 6. Kohl's named its first CMO since 2012. Greg Revelle joins the retailer from Best Buy, where he was the CMO and shifted the brand more towards digital communications, according to Ad Age. 7. The biggest threat to agencies isn't digital. Clients like Unilever, P&G, and Nestle are cutting their budgets and putting agencies in a tight spot. 8. Twitter is expanding its video measurement partnerships. The social network is adding Moat, Integral Ad Sciences, ComScore, and Nielsen to its list of partners to allow brands to improve verification of audience segments and video ad viewability, according to a report from Ad Week. 9. Jay Z temporarily pulled his music from Apple Music and Spotify. The rapper wants to draw people to Tidal, in which he has a stake, according to The Drum. 10. Coca Cola wants to become a "total beverage company." A downturn in the popularity of soda is making the company reduce the sugar in a number of its drinks and build out other beverages it owns, according to Ad Week. NOW WATCH: People are outraged by a Pepsi ad starring Kendall Jenner — here's how the company responded Loading video... Follow Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: The Brief facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The 10 things in advertising you need to know today The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Good morning. Here's everything you need to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Advertising Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video President Trump Death for Indian 'spy' Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local No plans for an IPO yet; will be bringing new products on board: Patanjali Ayurveda The Financial Express FE Online 19 hours ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Chidambaram says Jadhav’s death sentence is kangaroo trial, sham justice Fuel prices may change daily Patanjali Ayurved on Tuesday said it is focussing only on the domestic market currently and not looking at the international market with vigor. the In a conversation with ET Now, the FMCG company ruled out any plans for IPO. "There are no plans for an IPO yet," it said. Talking about the company strategy it said, "We will be bringing on board new products. We have also developed a new market called Ayurveda." When asked about the advertisement strategy, Patanjali said "Our ads are not for promoting our products but are informative". "We are against councils that are biased towards a particular party," it added. Recently, an ASSOCHAM - TechSci Research paper said that Patanjali Ayurveda has turned out to be the most disruptive force in India's fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) market. Patanjali which has expanded its product portfolio across wide range of personal care and food and beverages witnessed a whopping annual growth of 146 per cent in fiscal 2016 grossing in turnover of $769 million whereas its peers including ITC, Dabur, Hindustan Unilever, Colgate -Palmolive and Procter and Gamble, among others, struggled to get a growth much less than a double digit. © image Meanwhile, even as Patanjali plans a tripling of its retail presence to 3 million by March next year, the firm is strengthening its distribution network to be able to reach out to traders. To do this, Patanjali's advertising strategy is such that it targets traders rather than only consumers. The company is among the top advertisers in the country. Of the total 1.14 lakh insertions last year, 84% were on news channels and nearly 99% on Hindi news channels. That's one way of reining in costs since this genre is cheaper than GECs (general entertainment channels) but it also means missing out on a core audience. The rest of the FMCG pack relies on entertainment channels to sell their products because news channels have a relatively small share of the viewership pie - English news at 0.03%, Hindi news at 3% and regional news at 3.5%, as per KPMG-FICCI. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From The Financial Express Large US firms stashed $ 1.6 trillion in tax havens: Oxfam The Financial Express After CBI starts probe, Satyendar Jain gets Kejriwal advice, "Be strong, don't break. God is with you" The Financial Express The Financial Express More from Financial Express Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members 11 aprile 2017 TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members PR Newswire PARIS, April 11, 2017 TargEDys, which develops innovative microbiome-based solutions to regulate the appetite, has extended its Series A by 3.5 million Euro from Zaluvida, which joins existing investors Seventure Partners, NCI and Pontifax. In parallel, the TargEDys Board of Directors welcomes three new members.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160414/355376LOGO )      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/488381/Zaluvida_Logo.jpg ) Zaluvida invests in TargEDys  Zaluvida’s investment of 3.5 million euro in TargEDys supplements the initial 5.8 million euro raised in April 2016, and its non-dilutive funding of 1.1 million euro by Bpifrance in March 2017. This additional investment will allow to accelerate and strengthen the development of TargEDys technologies and products. TargEDys builds on the work of professors Sergueï Fetissov and Pierre Déchelotte, from the University of Rouen, who were the first to identify a molecular mechanism of the “gut-brain” axis. Based on this discovery, TargEDys is developing two appetite-regulation products: ProbioSatys targets overweight through bacteria producing a protein with effects similar to α – MSH, the human satiety hormone. This product has demonstrated its effectiveness in various preclinical models. 1.4 billion people are overweight globally, as are 60% of the population of developed countries. ProbioNutrys is based on the same principle, but acts in reverse via another species of bacteria by stimulating appetite. It is intended for seniors suffering from malnourishment, cachectic or anorexic patients. Elderly people are particularly concerned by malnutrition. This phenomenon affects 4 to 10% of those who stay at home and reaches 30 to 70% of those who are hospitalized. “In addition to its contribution to our capital, Zaluvida’s know-how is very valuable to TargEDys’ development, in particular in terms of access to the market and marketing,” reports Grégory Lambert, CEO of TargEDys. Christoph Staeuble, Zaluvida Group CEO commented: “TargEDys is well positioned at the forefront of human microbiome research and development, which I personally consider to be the ultimate frontier to address the obesity epidemic, therefore I am delighted that we are creating a partnership of like-minded teams to expedite the commercialization of these breakthrough solutions.” Building on these new strengths, TargEDys hopes to quickly position itself among the global leaders in appetite regulation. Three new members have joined the Board of Directors of TargEDys: Christoph Staeuble, Matthias Miller and Danilo Casadei-Massari.  About the new members Christoph Staeuble, CEO, Zaluvida Group. Chris is a proven business leader with a track record of delivering exceptional business results in FMCG and SMCG industries. He spent the initial 17 years of his career with P&G, last as Managing Director Health Care, before joining Omega Pharma as Chief Operating Officer in 2010. He led Omega Pharma into the Top 5 of the European OTC industry then joined Zaluvida on July 1, 2016. Matthias Miller, Chief Scientific Officer, Zaluvida Group. Matthias’ expertise lies in bringing product concepts through to development and clinical trials. He is a registered pharmacist and has a Masters degree in Clinical Trial Management. Prior to his appointment as Chief Scientific Officer at Zaluvida, Matthias served as COO of analyze & realize GmbH, a Berlin based life science consultancy and clinical research company. From 1987 till 2006, he worked in managing positions with German and international companies operating in the field of natural health & food products.  Danilo Casadei-Massari  Danilo has extensive experience as a senior pharmaceutical executive and as a highly successful serial entrepreneur. Most recently he was a founder and President of CM&D Pharma Ltd, a medical foods company he founded in 2007 and sold to Nestle Health Science in 2011. He is currently a Director on the boards of companies based in the USA, Italy, Ireland, Finland and France as well as a Cofounder in some of them. Danilo is an expert in start-ups and co-ventures in the pharmaceutical sector. The Board of Directors of TargEDys, is now composed of Danilo Casadei-Massari, Independent Director, Isabelle de Crémoux, representing Seventure Partners Pierre Déchelotte, Chairman Eric de La Fortelle, representing Seventure Partners Ohad Hammer, representing Pontifax, Grégory Lambert, CEO Christoph Staeuble, representing the Zaluvida group As well as two Board observers, Laurie Périé from NCI and Matthias Miller from the Zaluvida group. About TargEDys http://www.targedys.com/about-us/ About our investors http://www.targedys.com/about-our-investors/?logout=1 SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... TargEDys Develops New Microbiome-based Solutions for Appetite Regulation and Announces a €5.8M International Round of Financing to Demonstrate Product Clinical Efficacy EMBL Ventures Invests £2M ($3.3M) in a Second Close of Crescendo Biologics’ Series A Financing Biosimilars Market by Product & Application – Global Forecast to 2018 Eyevensys Announces Series A Extension Bringing Total Capital Raised to €9 Million Nel mensile di aprile Agrofarmaci, la contraffazione “ruba” all’Europa 3 miliardi all’anno La ricerca sul Snc è ad alto rischio di fallire il bersaglio Troppe radiazioni dai medical device, l’Europa corre ai ripari Il miglior posto di lavoro? C’è il certificato ma non la classifica Come ti cerco la startup: le mosse di open innovation delle aziende pharma e medtech L’Aifa fissa i criteri per definire i farmaci innovativi Horizon 2020, il programma Tecnologie future ed emergenti è una chance per il pharma In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Private Health Insurance Exchanges Solutions Primed for Robust... Roche launches new global Certified Provider Program for Target... Arcadia Wins Top Honors from Frost & Sullivan for its... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Equivalenti, la tedesca Aristo Pharma arriva in Italia Scoperto nuovo meccanismo alla base del tumore del polmone Ema, ecco i 21 Paesi interessati a ospitare l’agenzia HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
396617 3471 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Sport . TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members SPORT Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 11/04/2017 10:01 PARIS, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- TargEDys, which develops innovative microbiome-based solutions to regulate the appetite, has extended its Series A by 3.5 million Euro from Zaluvida, which joins existing investors Seventure Partners, NCI and Pontifax. In parallel, the TargEDys Board of Directors welcomes three new members.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160414/355376LOGO )      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/488381/Zaluvida_Logo.jpg ) Zaluvida invests in TargEDys  Zaluvida's investment of 3.5 million euro in TargEDys supplements the initial 5.8 million euro raised in April 2016, and its non-dilutive funding of 1.1 million euro by Bpifrance in March 2017. This additional investment will allow to accelerate and strengthen the development of TargEDys technologies and products. TargEDys builds on the work of professors Sergueï Fetissov and Pierre Déchelotte, from the University of Rouen, who were the first to identify a molecular mechanism of the "gut-brain" axis. Based on this discovery, TargEDys is developing two appetite-regulation products: "In addition to its contribution to our capital, Zaluvida's know-how is very valuable to TargEDys' development, in particular in terms of access to the market and marketing," reports Grégory Lambert, CEO of TargEDys. Christoph Staeuble, Zaluvida Group CEO commented: "TargEDys is well positioned at the forefront of human microbiome research and development, which I personally consider to be the ultimate frontier to address the obesity epidemic, therefore I am delighted that we are creating a partnership of like-minded teams to expedite the commercialization of these breakthrough solutions." Building on these new strengths, TargEDys hopes to quickly position itself among the global leaders in appetite regulation. Three new members have joined the Board of Directors of TargEDys:Christoph Staeuble, Matthias Miller and Danilo Casadei-Massari.  About the new members Christoph Staeuble, CEO, Zaluvida Group. Chris is a proven business leader with a track record of delivering exceptional business results in FMCG and SMCG industries. He spent the initial 17 years of his career with P&G, last as Managing Director Health Care, before joining Omega Pharma as Chief Operating Officer in 2010. He led Omega Pharma into the Top 5 of the European OTC industry then joined Zaluvida on July 1, 2016. Matthias Miller, Chief Scientific Officer, Zaluvida Group. Matthias' expertise lies in bringing product concepts through to development and clinical trials. He is a registered pharmacist and has a Masters degree in Clinical Trial Management. Prior to his appointment as Chief Scientific Officer at Zaluvida, Matthias served as COO of analyze & realize GmbH, a Berlin based life science consultancy and clinical research company. From 1987 till 2006, he worked in managing positions with German and international companies operating in the field of natural health & food products.  Danilo Casadei-Massari  Danilo has extensive experience as a senior pharmaceutical executive and as a highly successful serial entrepreneur. Most recently he was a founder and President of CM&D Pharma Ltd, a medical foods company he founded in 2007 and sold to Nestle Health Science in 2011. He is currently a Director on the boards of companies based in the USA, Italy, Ireland, Finland and France as well as a Cofounder in some of them. Danilo is an expert in start-ups and co-ventures in the pharmaceutical sector. The Board of Directors of TargEDys, is now composed of As well as two Board observers, Laurie Périé from NCI and Matthias Miller from the Zaluvida group.About TargEDys http://www.targedys.com/about-us/ About our investors http://www.targedys.com/about-our-investors/?logout=1 Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI 50 anni per 'Il Laureato', film restaurato torna in sala Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Vicenza, vincono la partita e postano foto senza veli su Facebook 2. Morgan lascia Amici, il retroscena del divorzio 3. Maria De Filippi: "Morgan lascia Amici, è un mio fallimento". Torna Emma? 4. Bolletta luce, le migliori tariffe sul mercato 5. "Show noioso e cafone", De Sica attacca 'Ballando'. E Lucarelli risponde... Video 'Thor: Ragnarok', il trailer terzo capitolo saga 50 anni per 'Il Laureato', film restaurato torna in sala ‘Elogio della fragilità’ in mostra all'archivio Menna-Binga G7, al via vertice Lucca: sul tavolo Siria e terrorismo E.T., Gundam e tanti altri....... Reti Rai cambiano veste Il suono della F1 diventa musica Ecco Iris, triciclo elettrico AstroPeggy, l'astronauta Usa dei record In Evidenza Alimenti, esperto: integratori per sport? Meglio bresaola e succhi con sale Salone Internazionale del Mobile 2017, tra qualità e tecnologia A Verona la 51ma edizione di Vinitaly Idee in gara per crescere, al via 'Open Accelerator' di Zambon /Video In Italia 4 mln di diabetici, cura precoce abbatte le complicanze Fibrosi cistica, su cure negli adulti convegno a Umberto I Roma Da Eni percorsi tecnici per giovani donne, torna 'Think about tomorrow' /Video Sanità, da Gsk Italia un 'ecosistema' digitale per i camici 3.0 /Video Iso 50001 al centro della conferenza Fire A Roma la 'Piazza della Salute' per prevenzione dei tumori Altroconsumo, i costi della corruzione nella sanità ricadono sui cittadini Randstad Employer Brand research premia i migliori datori di lavoro Lega Pro, Agenzia dogane e Sportradar insieme per contrasto al match fixing Panasonic al FuoriSalone tra tradizione artigianale e tecnologia BioInItaly Investment Forum Economia circolare, Corepla: "Cresce la raccolta della plastica nel 2016 (+6,9%)" /Video Lega Pro, ADM e Sportradar firmano protocollo per contrasto match fixing CIDA: "Alternanza scuola-lavoro. Una risorsa da costruire insieme" Sharing Italy Hi Future! Guarda avanti VIII Conferenza economica CIA - 'Agricoltura crea valore' Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Assogenerici apre le porte delle aziende con "Fabbriche aperte” Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro   Seguici 396617 3471 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members PARIS, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — TargEDys, which develops innovative microbiome-based solutions to regulate the appetite, has extended its Series A by 3.5 million Euro from Zaluvida, which joins existing investors Seventure Partners, NCI and Pontifax. In parallel, the TargEDys Board of Directors welcomes three new members. Zaluvida logo (PRNewsfoto/Zaluvida)      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160414/355376LOGO )      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/488381/Zaluvida_Logo.jpg ) Zaluvida invests in TargEDys  Zaluvida’s investment of 3.5 million euro in TargEDys supplements the initial 5.8 million euro raised in April 2016, and its non-dilutive funding of 1.1 million euro by Bpifrance in March 2017. This additional investment will allow to accelerate and strengthen the development of TargEDys technologies and products. TargEDys builds on the work of professors Sergueï Fetissov and Pierre Déchelotte, from the University of Rouen, who were the first to identify a molecular mechanism of the „gut-brain” axis. Based on this discovery, TargEDys is developing two appetite-regulation products: ProbioSatys targets overweight through bacteria producing a protein with effects similar to α – MSH, the human satiety hormone. This product has demonstrated its effectiveness in various preclinical models. 1.4 billion people are overweight globally, as are 60% of the population of developed countries. ProbioNutrys is based on the same principle, but acts in reverse via another species of bacteria by stimulating appetite. It is intended for seniors suffering from malnourishment, cachectic or anorexic patients. Elderly people are particularly concerned by malnutrition. This phenomenon affects 4 to 10% of those who stay at home and reaches 30 to 70% of those who are hospitalized. „In addition to its contribution to our capital, Zaluvida’s know-how is very valuable to TargEDys’ development, in particular in terms of access to the market and marketing,” reports Grégory Lambert, CEO of TargEDys. Christoph Staeuble, Zaluvida Group CEO commented: „TargEDys is well positioned at the forefront of human microbiome research and development, which I personally consider to be the ultimate frontier to address the obesity epidemic, therefore I am delighted that we are creating a partnership of like-minded teams to expedite the commercialization of these breakthrough solutions.” Building on these new strengths, TargEDys hopes to quickly position itself among the global leaders in appetite regulation. Three new members have joined the Board of Directors of TargEDys: Christoph Staeuble, Matthias Miller and Danilo Casadei-Massari.  About the new members Christoph Staeuble, CEO, Zaluvida Group. Chris is a proven business leader with a track record of delivering exceptional business results in FMCG and SMCG industries. He spent the initial 17 years of his career with P&G, last as Managing Director Health Care, before joining Omega Pharma as Chief Operating Officer in 2010. He led Omega Pharma into the Top 5 of the European OTC industry then joined Zaluvida on July 1, 2016. Matthias Miller, Chief Scientific Officer, Zaluvida Group. Matthias’ expertise lies in bringing product concepts through to development and clinical trials. He is a registered pharmacist and has a Masters degree in Clinical Trial Management. Prior to his appointment as Chief Scientific Officer at Zaluvida, Matthias served as COO of analyze & realize GmbH, a Berlin based life science consultancy and clinical research company. From 1987 till 2006, he worked in managing positions with German and international companies operating in the field of natural health & food products.  Danilo Casadei-Massari  Danilo has extensive experience as a senior pharmaceutical executive and as a highly successful serial entrepreneur. Most recently he was a founder and President of CM&D Pharma Ltd, a medical foods company he founded in 2007 and sold to Nestle Health Science in 2011. He is currently a Director on the boards of companies based in the USA, Italy, Ireland, Finland and France as well as a Cofounder in some of them. Danilo is an expert in start-ups and co-ventures in the pharmaceutical sector. The Board of Directors of TargEDys, is now composed of Danilo Casadei-Massari, Independent Director, Isabelle de Crémoux, representing Seventure Partners Pierre Déchelotte, Chairman Eric de La Fortelle, representing Seventure Partners Ohad Hammer, representing Pontifax, Grégory Lambert, CEO Christoph Staeuble, representing the Zaluvida group As well as two Board observers, Laurie Périé from NCI and Matthias Miller from the Zaluvida group. About TargEDys http://www.targedys.com/about-us/ About our investors http://www.targedys.com/about-our-investors/?logout=1 SOURCE TargEDys CategoriesUncategorized TagsAccounting News & Issues, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SEAT and Aqualia Partner to Turn Wastewater into Sustainable Biofuel Next PostNext Automation Advances Cybersecurity in the Artificial Intelligence Race but Challenges Remain Search Recent Posts Coal Mining Machines Market Analysis, Recent Trends and Regional Growth Forecast by Types and Applications 2017 Procure-To-Pay Outsourcing Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth Factors by Regions Overview to 2021 Kinder Morgan and DCP Midstream Announce Letter of Intent on Development of Gulf Coast Express Pipeline Project Mercury Systems to Report Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results on April 25, 2017 Guggenheim Energy & Income Fund Announces Final Results of Tender Offer Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members dinsdag 11 april 2017 10:01 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire PARIS, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- TargEDys, which develops innovative microbiome-based solutions to regulate the appetite, has extended its Series A by 3.5 million Euro from Zaluvida, which joins existing investors Seventure Partners, NCI and Pontifax. In parallel, the TargEDys Board of Directors welcomes three new members. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160414/355376LOGO ) (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/488381/Zaluvida_Logo.jpg ) Zaluvida invests in TargEDys  Zaluvida's investment of 3.5 million euro in TargEDys supplements the initial 5.8 million euro raised in April 2016, and its non-dilutive funding of 1.1 million euro by Bpifrance in March 2017. This additional investment will allow to accelerate and strengthen the development of TargEDys technologies and products. TargEDys builds on the work of professors Sergueï Fetissov and Pierre Déchelotte, from the University of Rouen, who were the first to identify a molecular mechanism of the "gut-brain" axis. Based on this discovery, TargEDys is developing two appetite-regulation products: - ProbioSatys targets overweight through bacteria producing a protein with effects similar to alpha - MSH, the human satiety hormone. This product has demonstrated its effectiveness in various preclinical models. 1.4 billion people are overweight globally, as are 60% of the population of developed countries. - ProbioNutrys is based on the same principle, but acts in reverse via another species of bacteria by stimulating appetite. It is intended for seniors suffering from malnourishment, cachectic or anorexic patients. Elderly people are particularly concerned by malnutrition. This phenomenon affects 4 to 10% of those who stay at home and reaches 30 to 70% of those who are hospitalized. "In addition to its contribution to our capital, Zaluvida's know-how is very valuable to TargEDys' development, in particular in terms of access to the market and marketing," reports Grégory Lambert, CEO of TargEDys. Christoph Staeuble, Zaluvida Group CEO commented: "TargEDys is well positioned at the forefront of human microbiome research and development, which I personally consider to be the ultimate frontier to address the obesity epidemic, therefore I am delighted that we are creating a partnership of like-minded teams to expedite the commercialization of these breakthrough solutions." Building on these new strengths, TargEDys hopes to quickly position itself among the global leaders in appetite regulation. Three new members have joined the Board of Directors of TargEDys: Christoph Staeuble, Matthias Miller and Danilo Casadei-Massari.  About the new members Christoph Staeuble, CEO, Zaluvida Group. Chris is a proven business leader with a track record of delivering exceptional business results in FMCG and SMCG industries. He spent the initial 17 years of his career with P&G, last as Managing Director Health Care, before joining Omega Pharma as Chief Operating Officer in 2010. He led Omega Pharma into the Top 5 of the European OTC industry then joined Zaluvida on July 1, 2016. Matthias Miller, Chief Scientific Officer, Zaluvida Group. Matthias' expertise lies in bringing product concepts through to development and clinical trials. He is a registered pharmacist and has a Masters degree in Clinical Trial Management. Prior to his appointment as Chief Scientific Officer at Zaluvida, Matthias served as COO of analyze & realize GmbH, a Berlin based life science consultancy and clinical research company. From 1987 till 2006, he worked in managing positions with German and international companies operating in the field of natural health & food products.  Danilo Casadei-Massari  Danilo has extensive experience as a senior pharmaceutical executive and as a highly successful serial entrepreneur. Most recently he was a founder and President of CM&D Pharma Ltd, a medical foods company he founded in 2007 and sold to Nestle Health Science in 2011. He is currently a Director on the boards of companies based in the USA, Italy, Ireland, Finland and France as well as a Cofounder in some of them. Danilo is an expert in start-ups and co-ventures in the pharmaceutical sector. The Board of Directors of TargEDys, is now composed of - Danilo Casadei-Massari, Independent Director, - Isabelle de Crémoux, representing Seventure Partners - Pierre Déchelotte, Chairman - Eric de La Fortelle, representing Seventure Partners - Ohad Hammer, representing Pontifax, - Grégory Lambert, CEO - Christoph Staeuble, representing the Zaluvida group As well as two Board observers, Laurie Périé from NCI and Matthias Miller from the Zaluvida group. About TargEDys http://www.targedys.com/about-us About our investors http://www.targedys.com/about-our-investors/?logout=1 Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160414/355376LOGO http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/488381/Zaluvida_Logo.jpg TargEDys CONTACT: Press contact: Maxence FORTIN, maxence.fortin@nefermedia.fr, +336 32 32 99 41 PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Clearwater Seafoods Expands European Arctic Surfclam Product Offerings With Sushi-Ready Slices woensdag 12 april 2017 08:03 KamaGames Brings All New Omaha Poker To Their Flagship Title Pokerist woensdag 12 april 2017 08:02 UiPath Launches World's First Massive Open Online Course to Train and Certify users in Robotic Process Automation (RPA) woensdag 12 april 2017 08:01 Enerkem Behaalt Alle Productiemijlpalen voor de Biofuel-Installatie in Edmonton woensdag 12 april 2017 07:47 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
396617 3471 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Sport . TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members SPORT Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 11/04/2017 10:01 PARIS, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- TargEDys, which develops innovative microbiome-based solutions to regulate the appetite, has extended its Series A by 3.5 million Euro from Zaluvida, which joins existing investors Seventure Partners, NCI and Pontifax. In parallel, the TargEDys Board of Directors welcomes three new members.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160414/355376LOGO )      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/488381/Zaluvida_Logo.jpg ) Zaluvida invests in TargEDys  Zaluvida's investment of 3.5 million euro in TargEDys supplements the initial 5.8 million euro raised in April 2016, and its non-dilutive funding of 1.1 million euro by Bpifrance in March 2017. This additional investment will allow to accelerate and strengthen the development of TargEDys technologies and products. TargEDys builds on the work of professors Sergueï Fetissov and Pierre Déchelotte, from the University of Rouen, who were the first to identify a molecular mechanism of the "gut-brain" axis. Based on this discovery, TargEDys is developing two appetite-regulation products: "In addition to its contribution to our capital, Zaluvida's know-how is very valuable to TargEDys' development, in particular in terms of access to the market and marketing," reports Grégory Lambert, CEO of TargEDys. Christoph Staeuble, Zaluvida Group CEO commented: "TargEDys is well positioned at the forefront of human microbiome research and development, which I personally consider to be the ultimate frontier to address the obesity epidemic, therefore I am delighted that we are creating a partnership of like-minded teams to expedite the commercialization of these breakthrough solutions." Building on these new strengths, TargEDys hopes to quickly position itself among the global leaders in appetite regulation. Three new members have joined the Board of Directors of TargEDys:Christoph Staeuble, Matthias Miller and Danilo Casadei-Massari.  About the new members Christoph Staeuble, CEO, Zaluvida Group. Chris is a proven business leader with a track record of delivering exceptional business results in FMCG and SMCG industries. He spent the initial 17 years of his career with P&G, last as Managing Director Health Care, before joining Omega Pharma as Chief Operating Officer in 2010. He led Omega Pharma into the Top 5 of the European OTC industry then joined Zaluvida on July 1, 2016. Matthias Miller, Chief Scientific Officer, Zaluvida Group. Matthias' expertise lies in bringing product concepts through to development and clinical trials. He is a registered pharmacist and has a Masters degree in Clinical Trial Management. Prior to his appointment as Chief Scientific Officer at Zaluvida, Matthias served as COO of analyze & realize GmbH, a Berlin based life science consultancy and clinical research company. From 1987 till 2006, he worked in managing positions with German and international companies operating in the field of natural health & food products.  Danilo Casadei-Massari  Danilo has extensive experience as a senior pharmaceutical executive and as a highly successful serial entrepreneur. Most recently he was a founder and President of CM&D Pharma Ltd, a medical foods company he founded in 2007 and sold to Nestle Health Science in 2011. He is currently a Director on the boards of companies based in the USA, Italy, Ireland, Finland and France as well as a Cofounder in some of them. Danilo is an expert in start-ups and co-ventures in the pharmaceutical sector. The Board of Directors of TargEDys, is now composed of As well as two Board observers, Laurie Périé from NCI and Matthias Miller from the Zaluvida group.About TargEDys http://www.targedys.com/about-us/ About our investors http://www.targedys.com/about-our-investors/?logout=1 Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI 50 anni per 'Il Laureato', film restaurato torna in sala Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Vicenza, vincono la partita e postano foto senza veli su Facebook 2. Morgan lascia Amici, il retroscena del divorzio 3. Maria De Filippi: "Morgan lascia Amici, è un mio fallimento". Torna Emma? 4. Bolletta luce, le migliori tariffe sul mercato 5. "Show noioso e cafone", De Sica attacca 'Ballando'. E Lucarelli risponde... Video 'Thor: Ragnarok', il trailer terzo capitolo saga 50 anni per 'Il Laureato', film restaurato torna in sala ‘Elogio della fragilità’ in mostra all'archivio Menna-Binga G7, al via vertice Lucca: sul tavolo Siria e terrorismo E.T., Gundam e tanti altri....... Reti Rai cambiano veste Il suono della F1 diventa musica Ecco Iris, triciclo elettrico AstroPeggy, l'astronauta Usa dei record In Evidenza Alimenti, esperto: integratori per sport? Meglio bresaola e succhi con sale Salone Internazionale del Mobile 2017, tra qualità e tecnologia A Verona la 51ma edizione di Vinitaly Idee in gara per crescere, al via 'Open Accelerator' di Zambon /Video In Italia 4 mln di diabetici, cura precoce abbatte le complicanze Fibrosi cistica, su cure negli adulti convegno a Umberto I Roma Da Eni percorsi tecnici per giovani donne, torna 'Think about tomorrow' /Video Sanità, da Gsk Italia un 'ecosistema' digitale per i camici 3.0 /Video Iso 50001 al centro della conferenza Fire A Roma la 'Piazza della Salute' per prevenzione dei tumori Altroconsumo, i costi della corruzione nella sanità ricadono sui cittadini Randstad Employer Brand research premia i migliori datori di lavoro Lega Pro, Agenzia dogane e Sportradar insieme per contrasto al match fixing Panasonic al FuoriSalone tra tradizione artigianale e tecnologia BioInItaly Investment Forum Economia circolare, Corepla: "Cresce la raccolta della plastica nel 2016 (+6,9%)" /Video Lega Pro, ADM e Sportradar firmano protocollo per contrasto match fixing CIDA: "Alternanza scuola-lavoro. Una risorsa da costruire insieme" Sharing Italy Hi Future! Guarda avanti VIII Conferenza economica CIA - 'Agricoltura crea valore' Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Assogenerici apre le porte delle aziende con "Fabbriche aperte” Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro   Seguici 396617 3471 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members News provided by TargEDys 11 Apr, 2017, 09:00 BST Share this article PARIS, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- TargEDys, which develops innovative microbiome-based solutions to regulate the appetite, has extended its Series A by 3.5 million Euro from Zaluvida, which joins existing investors Seventure Partners, NCI and Pontifax. In parallel, the TargEDys Board of Directors welcomes three new members. Zaluvida logo (PRNewsfoto/Zaluvida)      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160414/355376LOGO )      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/488381/Zaluvida_Logo.jpg ) Zaluvida invests in TargEDys  Zaluvida's investment of 3.5 million euro in TargEDys supplements the initial 5.8 million euro raised in April 2016, and its non-dilutive funding of 1.1 million euro by Bpifrance in March 2017. This additional investment will allow to accelerate and strengthen the development of TargEDys technologies and products. TargEDys builds on the work of professors Sergueï Fetissov and Pierre Déchelotte, from the University of Rouen, who were the first to identify a molecular mechanism of the "gut-brain" axis. Based on this discovery, TargEDys is developing two appetite-regulation products: ProbioSatys targets overweight through bacteria producing a protein with effects similar to α - MSH, the human satiety hormone. This product has demonstrated its effectiveness in various preclinical models. 1.4 billion people are overweight globally, as are 60% of the population of developed countries. ProbioNutrys is based on the same principle, but acts in reverse via another species of bacteria by stimulating appetite. It is intended for seniors suffering from malnourishment, cachectic or anorexic patients. Elderly people are particularly concerned by malnutrition. This phenomenon affects 4 to 10% of those who stay at home and reaches 30 to 70% of those who are hospitalized. "In addition to its contribution to our capital, Zaluvida's know-how is very valuable to TargEDys' development, in particular in terms of access to the market and marketing," reports Grégory Lambert, CEO of TargEDys. Christoph Staeuble, Zaluvida Group CEO commented: "TargEDys is well positioned at the forefront of human microbiome research and development, which I personally consider to be the ultimate frontier to address the obesity epidemic, therefore I am delighted that we are creating a partnership of like-minded teams to expedite the commercialization of these breakthrough solutions." Building on these new strengths, TargEDys hopes to quickly position itself among the global leaders in appetite regulation. Three new members have joined the Board of Directors of TargEDys: Christoph Staeuble, Matthias Miller and Danilo Casadei-Massari.  About the new members Christoph Staeuble, CEO, Zaluvida Group. Chris is a proven business leader with a track record of delivering exceptional business results in FMCG and SMCG industries. He spent the initial 17 years of his career with P&G, last as Managing Director Health Care, before joining Omega Pharma as Chief Operating Officer in 2010. He led Omega Pharma into the Top 5 of the European OTC industry then joined Zaluvida on July 1, 2016. Matthias Miller, Chief Scientific Officer, Zaluvida Group. Matthias' expertise lies in bringing product concepts through to development and clinical trials. He is a registered pharmacist and has a Masters degree in Clinical Trial Management. Prior to his appointment as Chief Scientific Officer at Zaluvida, Matthias served as COO of analyze & realize GmbH, a Berlin based life science consultancy and clinical research company. From 1987 till 2006, he worked in managing positions with German and international companies operating in the field of natural health & food products.  Danilo Casadei-Massari  Danilo has extensive experience as a senior pharmaceutical executive and as a highly successful serial entrepreneur. Most recently he was a founder and President of CM&D Pharma Ltd, a medical foods company he founded in 2007 and sold to Nestle Health Science in 2011. He is currently a Director on the boards of companies based in the USA, Italy, Ireland, Finland and France as well as a Cofounder in some of them. Danilo is an expert in start-ups and co-ventures in the pharmaceutical sector. The Board of Directors of TargEDys, is now composed of Danilo Casadei-Massari, Independent Director, Isabelle de Crémoux, representing Seventure Partners Pierre Déchelotte, Chairman Eric de La Fortelle, representing Seventure Partners Ohad Hammer, representing Pontifax, Grégory Lambert, CEO Christoph Staeuble, representing the Zaluvida group As well as two Board observers, Laurie Périé from NCI and Matthias Miller from the Zaluvida group. About TargEDys http://www.targedys.com/about-us/ About our investors http://www.targedys.com/about-our-investors/?logout=1 SOURCE TargEDys 11 Apr, 2017, 09:46 BST Preview: TargEDys erweitert Serie A und ernennt neue Vorstandsmitglieder 11 Apr, 2017, 08:00 BST Preview: TargEDys amplía su Serie A y nombra a los nuevos miembros del consejo de administración My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 11 Apr, 2017, 09:46 BSTTargEDys erweitert Serie A und ernennt neue Vorstandsmitglieder 11 Apr, 2017, 08:00 BSTTargEDys amplía su Serie A y nombra a los nuevos miembros del... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Accounting News & Issues Personnel Announcements You just read: TargEDys Extends Series A and Appoints New Board Members News provided by TargEDys 11 Apr, 2017, 09:00 BST Share this article Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Global Market Research Methodology, Research Scope Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancem   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 11, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids market is estimated at $17.73 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Moreover, demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents act as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favouring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2015, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Some of the key players in the market include 3F Group, Amyris, Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Cargill Incorporated, CREMER, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Genomatica, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, KLK OLEO, Mery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, PT Musim Mas, Solazyme, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd and Wilmar International Ltd,. Products Covered: - Distilled Fatty Acids - Stearic Acid - Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids - Fractionated Fatty Acids - Glycerin - Fatty Alcohols - Oleic Acid - Caproic Acid Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583482/sample Applications Covered: - Food and Beverages - Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care - Polymers - Soaps and Detergents - Agrochemicals - Lubricant & Grease - Coating & Resin - Paper, Candles and Waxes - Other Applications Regions Covered: - North America US Canada Mexico - Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt Company Profiling 9.1 3F Group 9.2 Amyris 9.3 Arizona Chemical Company LLC 9.4 Cargill Incorporated 9.5 CREMER 9.6 Emery Oleochemicals 9.7 Evonik Industries 9.8 Genomatica 9.9 Godrej Industries 9.10 Isosciences LLC 9.11 KLK OLEO 9.12 Mery Oleochemicals, 9.13 P&G Chemicals 9.14 PT Musim Mas, 9.15 Solazyme 9.16 Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd 9.17 Wilmar International Ltd, Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583482/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry No plans for an IPO yet; will be bringing new products on board: Patanjali Ayurveda No plans for an IPO yet; will be bringing new products on board: Patanjali Ayurveda Patanjali Ayurved on Tuesday said it is focussing only on the domestic market currently and not looking at the international market with vigor. By: FE Online | Updated: April 11, 2017 11:55 AM Talking about the company strategy it said, “We will be bringing on board new products. We have also developed a new market called Ayurveda.” Patanjali Ayurved on Tuesday said it is focussing only on the domestic market currently and not looking at the international market with vigor. the In a conversation with ET Now, the FMCG company ruled out any plans for IPO. “There are no plans for an IPO yet,” it said. Talking about the company strategy it said, “We will be bringing on board new products. We have also developed a new market called Ayurveda.” When asked about the advertisement strategy, Patanjali said “Our ads are not for promoting our products but are informative”. “We are against councils that are biased towards a particular party,” it added. Recently, an ASSOCHAM– TechSci Research paper said that Patanjali Ayurveda has turned out to be the most disruptive force in India’s fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) market. Patanjali which has expanded its product portfolio across wide range of personal care and food and beverages witnessed a whopping annual growth of 146 per cent in fiscal 2016 grossing in turnover of $769 million whereas its peers including ITC, Dabur, Hindustan Unilever, Colgate – Palmolive and Procter and Gamble, among others, struggled to get a growth much less than a double digit.   Catch the Man on Swadeshi Mission, @Ach_Balkrishna of Patanjali Ayurved in an exclusive conversation w/ @sonalikrishna, all day on ET NOW. pic.twitter.com/7ZjAZJXk4Q — ET NOW (@ETNOWlive) April 11, 2017 Meanwhile, even as Patanjali plans a tripling of its retail presence to 3 million by March next year, the firm is strengthening its distribution network to be able to reach out to traders. To do this, Patanjali’s advertising strategy is such that it targets traders rather than only consumers. The company is among the top advertisers in the country. Of the total 1.14 lakh insertions last year, 84% were on news channels and nearly 99% on Hindi news channels. That’s one way of reining in costs since this genre is cheaper than GECs (general entertainment channels) but it also means missing out on a core audience. The rest of the FMCG pack relies on entertainment channels to sell their products because news channels have a relatively small share of the viewership pie — English news at 0.03%, Hindi news at 3% and regional news at 3.5%, as per KPMG-FICCI. No Comments. Trending Now Considering metro railways financially impracticable, government set to tighten norms to appraise proposals from states BJP's National Executive Meet in Bhubaneswar will have no impact on BJD, says CM Naveen Patnaik Yogi Adityanath Power supply in UP: JD (U) says decisions are much harder to implement Congress leader Akhilesh Das Gupta passes away, PM Narendra Modi expresses grief Kulbhushan Jadav Death Sentence Row: Pakistan rules out immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav Kulbhushan Jadav Death Sentence Row: India can retaliate in same manner, warns Shiv Sena Wahoo protesters want to be in on Indians' talks with Major League Baseball Ideal battery on way? Lithium-ion on way out as more efficient, safe, solid-state battery is here Infoedge gets rated 'Buy' by Motilal Oswal; target price at Rs 1000 Social networking app Rooter offers opportunities for sports lovers to come together Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan proposes ban on liquor shops Narsinghpur Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ के आवास पर मची अफरा-तफरी, अपनी फरियाद सुनाने जनता दरबार में उमड़ी भारी भीड़ पाकिस्तान को अमेरिकी कूटनीतिज्ञों ने लगाई फटकार, पाक में 9 साल से टल रही है 26/11 हमले की सुनवाई, लेकिन कुलभूषण जाधव को फांसी देने की है जल्दबाजी वरिष्ठ कांग्रेसी नेता ने ईवीएम विरोध पर की पार्टी की आलोचना, कहा- नहीं हो सकती धांधली, मैं कानून मंत्री था तो कराई थी जांच Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Global Analysis of Dietary Fibers Market Outlook, 2016 – 2022 Global Dietary Fibers market is estimated at $2.73 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% from 2016 to 2022. Growing demand for fiber supplements to overcome nutrition deficiency and increasing health consciousness among the people are the drivers propelling the market growth. Moreover change in life style requires more fiber nutrients to balance the diet is another prominent factor driving the market growth. However stringent regulatory approvals are hindering the market growth. Request a sample of Market Research Report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/255878 Insoluble fiber in product segment is anticipated to move with a highest CAGR during forecast period owing to maintenance of balanced PH by consuming these kinds of fibers. Fruits and vegetables in source segment accounted for the largest market share in 2015, cereals and grains segment is expected to show healthy growth rate during forecast period. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period owing to increase in disposable incomes. Some of the key players in the market include Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Cargill, Incorporated, Danisco, E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company, GlaxosmithKline(GSK), Grain Processing Corporation, Ingredion Incorporated, J. Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH & Co. Kg, Novartis, Novus International, Procter and Gamble, Roquette Frères Company, Royal DSM, Sas Nexira, Südzucker AG Company, Sunopta, Inc. And Tate & Lyle PLC Company. Products Covered: Soluble Pectin Inulin Beta-Glucan Polydextrose Other Solubles Conventional Insoluble Resistant Starch Lignin Chitin Chitosan Hemicellulose Cellulose Other Insoluble Novel Sources Covered: Fruits & Vegetables Beet Carrot Okra Apple Raspberries Pear ereals & Grains Bran Rice Wheat Oher Sources Soy Legumes Nuts Beans and Peas Applications Covered: Pharmaceuticals Animal Feed Functional Foods Functional Beverages Pet Food Bakery & Confectionary Dairy Browse Full Market Research Report@ www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/dietary-fibers-global… Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Steam Autoclaves Market 2017-2027 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region Next PostNext Global Analysis of Food Allergen Testing Market Outlook, 2016 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Probiotic Ingredients Market Size, Growth, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2020 Research Developments Project Hot Beverages Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2021 Akzo Nobel N.V. (AKZOY: OTCQX International Premier) | AkzoNobel strongly supports Chairman of the Supervisory Board OriginClear, Inc. (OCLN: OTCQB) | Symbol Change Global Egg Products Market Analysis and Forecast 2020 by Size, Share and Growth Rate Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Market Size of Cosmetic Chemicals, Forecast Report 2015-2025 Cosmetic chemicals are the primary ingredients that are used for formulation of personal care products. Cosmetics have come from late civilizations due to need for improving looks and appearance. Since then, ingredients in cosmetics have changed drastically and new techniques and formulas were introduced to manufacture own cosmetics and scents. Different minerals were used to produce colors by the ancient Egyptian aristocracy to give description to their facial features. During the Greek era it was very universal to make use of face paints, while the Romans favored baths that contained oil based perfumes. Almost 1500 chemical entities have been recognized to be cosmetic chemicals globally. The common chemicals that are found in the cosmetics include thickening agents, carrier powders, colorants, pigments, surfactants, preservatives, emollients, film formers and moisturizers among others. The cosmetics chemicals which are consumed on a large scale include emollients, film formers and moisturizers followed by surfactants globally. The cosmetic industry is fragmented as large number of suppliers provides a very wide range of inorganic and organic chemicals that are the necessary ingredients in the cosmetic industry. Nevertheless, twenty or more major international companies have a considerable share of cosmetic chemicals trade in the market. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-322 The cosmetic market is generally segmented based on products into surfactants, oleochemicals, aroma chemicals and blends, botanical extracts, fats, oils and waxes and polymers among others. The major applications of these chemicals include the skin care products, hair care products, color cosmetics, makeup, toiletries and oral care among others. The major diving factors of the cosmetic industry include growing demand from the ethnic groups for beauty products that are tailored according to their needs. In addition, the increasing purchasing power coupled with growing awareness and demand for personal care products among the aging baby boomers is also expected to fuel demand for cosmetic chemicals market. However, increasing demand of natural ingredients may hamper the growth graph of the global cosmetic chemicals market. In addition, major companies have comply with standards and regulations in the industry. Visit for TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-322 The key segments for cosmetic chemicals market include North America, Asia Pacific, Europe and Rest of the World (RoW). North America is expected to be the largest consumer of cosmetic chemical owing to the high demand for hair care products and growing demand for multifunctional products. In addition, growing male grooming segment is also expected to boost demand for cosmetic chemicals in the market. Asia Pacific is expected to be the largest consumer of cosmetic chemicals in the near future. Southeast Asia including Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam and Singapore is expected to show substantial growth in the coming years. The trends that the cosmetic industry follow globally include Globalization of cosmetic products as major international companies such as L’Oreal, Unilever and Procter & Gamble continue to invest in the growing markets. Other trends include consolidation, increased use of nontraditional distribution channels and growing interest in cosmeceuticals among others. The cosmetic chemicals companies use innovative bio based high performance products and advanced technologies to manufacture a wide variety of products. The key companies profiled include: Akzo Nobel NV, Ashland Incorporated, Active Organics, BASF SE, Berkshire Hathaway Incorporated, Bayer AG, Clariant International Limited, Dow Chemical Company, Eastman Chemical Company, Evonik Industries AG, Emery Oleochemicals Group, FMC Corporation, Novecare, Integrated Botanical Technologies, Pilot Chemical Company, Procter & Gamble Company, Solvay SA and United-Guardian Incorporated among others. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCosmetic Chemicals Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) Market Analysis, Trends, Forecast, 2015-2025 Next PostNext Colposcopes Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Produce Safety a Hot Topic at Global Food Safety Initiative’s 2017 Conference HouseCallsNow Inc. and SecondOpinionExpert Inc. form Strategic Partnership Stetson Law Students Win Awards in Three Categories at International Moot Court Competition in Hong Kong Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Profiteers monitored during Sonkgran festival | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Business News Profiteers monitored during Sonkgran festival 11 Apr 2017 at 08:28 6,308 viewed3 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: PHUSADEE ARUNMAS Deputy Commerce Minister Sontirat Sontijirawong (second right) and Nuntawan Sakuntanaga, director-general of the Internal Trade Department, attend the opening of a new Thong Fah low-cost market. (Photo by Phusadee Arunmas) - + The government is warning local traders not to profiteer during the Songkran festival, and insists it has yet to approve price increase requests by traders for the festive period. According to Deputy Commerce Minister Sontirat Sontijirawong, the ministry has assigned the Internal Trade Department, which supervises domestic product prices, to closely monitor and examine consumer product prices during the Songkran holiday. Traders operating at major bus terminals and railway stations are particularly targeted, he said. Under the Price of Goods and Services Act, any traders found selling goods or services at prices higher than the reference prices will be subject to seven years' imprisonment, a fine of up to 140,000 baht or both. Vendors without price labelling will be subject to a fine of not more than 10,000 baht. In a related development, the Commerce Ministry yesterday started another Thong Fah (Blue Flag) Pracha Rat low-cost scheme, selling non-branded products 15-20% cheaper than market prices, mainly via small retail outlets and at retail and wholesale shops. The cheaply priced consumer goods are manufactured and supplied by five leading manufacturers -- Sahapattanapibul Plc, Unilever Thai Trading Ltd, Colgate-Palmolive Thailand, Proctor & Gamble Trading Thailand and Berli Jucker Plc -- which agreed early last month to make and supply 48 consumer items at low cost. For the first stage, 18 low-cost items will be made available via 5,500 small retail outlets and at retail and wholesale shops. After April, the scheme aims to cover 20,000 outlets over the next six months and reduce people's cost of living by 1.2 billion baht a year. The low-cost products will not be distributed through existing modern trade outlets such as 7-Eleven. Mr Sontirat said the Thong Fah scheme will be kept as a permanent project, made available mainly via the small outlets located in easily accessible areas. The initial phase will see 5,454 of the 20,000 total outlets promoted by the Business Development Department and 500 outlets of the 19,000 promoted by the National Village and Urban Community Fund sell the cheap products. The ministry is also committed to continuing to promote the mobile Thong Fah scheme in densely populated communities. It aims to double the number of low-cost food outlets to 20,000 this year. Retail and wholesale businesses account for 27.5% of the country's employment or 2.9 million people, second only to the service sector. The sector accounts for 13.9% of GDP, trailing the service sector (32.6%) and manufacturing (27.7%). RECOMMENDED STORIES Gold prices up B250 to B20,850 Section 44 to lever international schools in EEC Consumer sentiment curbs ad spending RCEP put on fast track to fend off US Snake launches new 'Thanaka' powder EA joint venture aims to propel renewables CPF flaps wings after entry in NZ market Toshiba warns of its ability to continue as going concern SE Asia stocks down as Syria, North Korea tensions weigh Most Viewed 19,148 Fakes among the five stars 17,589 Durian mask singer targeted to ... 16,981 THAI and Bangkok Airways agree to ... 15,206 Songkran flight overflow held in ... 12,519 Court rejects Yingluck's injunction ... Recent BUSINESS Articles SET rises 4.23 to 1,587.01 at midday Bright prospects for Bangkok hotel market SET opens up 2.77 to 1,585.55 Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 11 liked & 7 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 13:38 Toyota robot to keep elderly mobile, one step at a time 13:37 Two dead, third critical in Ayutthaya truck-car crash 12:44 SET rises 4.23 to 1,587.01 at midday 12:41 33 road deaths on first of 'seven dangerous days' 12:15 Bright prospects for Bangkok hotel market 12:01 Water-splashing on Silom Road allowed from noon to 8pm 10:26 Family flee as gas-fuelled car bursts into flame 10:07 SET opens up 2.77 to 1,585.55 3 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Feminine Hygiene Market Poised to Account for US $35,203.8 Million by 2024 End New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/11/2017 — According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research (PMR) titled ‚Global Feminine Hygiene Product Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016-2024, the global feminine hygiene market is expected to expand at CAGR of 7.2% over the forecast period (2016-2024) in terms of value. The report has categorically been divided into three sections namely by product type, distribution channel, and region. On the basis of product type, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into sanitary napkins/pads, tampons, panty liners, menstrual cup, and feminine hygiene wash. On the basis of a distribution channel, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into a supermarket, convenience stores, department stores, retail pharmacies, and online purchase. By product type, sanitary napkin/pad segment is expected to expand at highest CAGR of 8.4% over the forecast period, in terms of value, attributed to increasing awareness about the benefits of sanitary napkins/pads. This segment is expected to be valued at US$ 16,896.8 Mn by 2024 end. By product type, tampons segment is expected to be the second most dominant segment during the forecast period. By distribution channel, supermarket segment is expected to dominate the global feminine hygiene market over the forecast period, followed by department stores distribution channel segment. Increasing awareness and high adoption of feminine hygiene products in developing countries are expected to drive demand for feminine hygiene products during the forecast period. Factors such as easy availability and affordable prices of such products are expected to drive revenue growth of the global feminine hygiene market during the forecast period. The global feminine hygiene market is fragmented in nature, with a prevalence of oligopolistic competition among renowned brands. Established players are focused on manufacturing innovative feminine hygiene products in developed and developing countries to increase revenue generation. The report offers analysis and insights into each segment of feminine hygiene market in specific regions. On the basis of region, the global feminine hygiene market is segmented into five key regions namely North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). In 2015, Asia Pacific dominated the global feminine hygiene market in terms of revenue and is expected to register a CAGR of 5.4% over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3226 Market participants covered in the report include Kimberley – Clark Corporation, Procter & Gamble, Unicharm Corporation, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA, Johnson & Johnson, Lil-lets UK Limited, Sanofi, Ontex, and Egdewell Personal Care. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and introducing new cost-effective products, in order to strengthen its position in the global market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/3226 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Digital Photography Market to Register $110.79 Bn Growth by 2022 Next PostNext $2.41 Bn for Global Angioplasty Balloons Market by 2022 Search Recent Posts Center for Autism and Related Disorders Opens New Treatment Center in Richmond, CA STEM Students Compete to Join Philippe Cousteau Jr. On an Underwater Expedition As Part of Xploration Station’s First Ever #StudentExplorer Contest UW project brings Milky Ways ionized hydrogen into focus Media Advisory: Marylands Top Cancer Scientists Discuss Research on Tracking and Treating Cancer Can António Guterres Fend Off America’s War on the UN? Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Shareablee Announces March’s Top 10 U.S. Media Publisher Rankings Dominated by National Geographic NEW YORK, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Shareablee, the leader in social media measurement, today announced its top 10 U.S. Media Publisher rankings for March 2017. U.S. media publishers accounted for 1.4 billion total social actions (likes, comments, shares, retweets, dislikes). For social actions by platform: The media publishing industry generated 33% of consumer actions across all U.S. brands in March. Total actions for the media publishing industry grew by 9% over February, driven by 16% growth on Instagram. National Geographic, recently dominant, again took the #1 position with 146.6 million actions. The publisher posted 21% more content on Instagram and gained a huge 40% boost in actions on its channel. UNILAD maintained #2 with 104.4 million actions. Bleacher Report was #3 with 96.1 million actions (+7%). USA Today claimed #4 at 55.5 million actions, with a notable 17% growth in engagement last month. Rounding out the Top 5, The Dodo took flight with 43.6 million social actions, an awesome leap of 46%. Key Engagement Drivers in March Total engagement for the top 10 publishers grew by 16% over February. The Dodo’s category-leading growth was driven by its investment in Facebook video. Although posts grew just under 1%, The Dodo saw 40% more actions on its video posts. The top performing post was a video of a father kissing his puppy. The video captured more than 1.2 million actions and over 49 million views. National Geographic’s performance was driven by a combination of links and videos. Its top post was a video of a water downspout at Lake Berryessa near Napa, California, an engineering marvel set in motion by the area’s heavy rains. The post captured over 300,000 actions and more than 13.6 million views. The top link was to an article of a recently-discovered method to build a beating heart from spinach. The post generated more almost 256,000 actions. Other notable findings include: For Shareablee’s March rankings of media publishers by category, sports media, and TV shows, please visit https://www.shareablee.com/rankings/ About Shareablee Inc. Shareablee is the leader in audience-based social media measurement for media publishers, agencies, and brands that want to understand the impact and effectiveness of their cross-platform social media campaigns. Shareablee captures the real-time social media actions of more than 2 billion consumers and parses them across 700+ metrics into its global taxonomy of over 475,000 brands, publishers, TV shows, influencers, and celebrities going back to January 2013. Shareablee was founded in 2013 by Tania Yuki. Based in New York City, the company has grown to over 60 employees in U.S. and EMEA offices and has clients in 15 countries. The company partners with Facebook, comScore, and Bloomberg. Shareablee is a Facebook Media Solutions partner and one of only 15 companies globally developing on the Facebook Audience Insights API. Shareablee’s roster of platform clients includes the National Basketball Association, WWE, Warner Bros, Procter & Gamble, Hulu, NBC, AOL, and Luxottica, and leading global advertising agencies Publicis, WPP, Maxus, and Interpublic Group. For additional information, please visit www.shareablee.com. Media Contact: Nathalie Nuta, nathalie.nuta@shareablee.com Source: Shareablee Related Files Shareablee_Ranking_Monthly_Media Publishers Rankings_March 2017.pdf This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com SOURCE Shareablee CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Well Economy: J. Walter Thompson’s Innovation Group Launches Cross-Sector Dive Into Health And Wellbeing Next PostNext Global Ethernet Cable Market (2016 – 2022) Search Recent Posts Remarks by President Trump in Strategic and Policy CEO Discussion Spectra Ticketing & Fan Engagement Extends 33-Year Partnership With the University of Arizona Cornerstone Capital Resources Inc.: Cascabel Exploration Update – Hole 22 extends the Alpala Central high grade core 200m shallower Advantech to Exhibit at Prestigious National Association of Broadcasters (NAB) Show Brandywine Acquires New Property to Build 17 New Townhomes in Buena Park, Calif. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Wireless Charging Market – Inductive Technology Is Mature and Has High Demand in Wireless Charging Market Owing to Its Use in All the Applications Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/11/2017 — The recharging of smartphone and industrial device batteries through wireless means has been touted as one of the more advantageous forms of wireless conductivity. „Wireless Charging Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2023,” is an in-depth investigation on the factors that control the growth of this market, along with a projection of the factors that will continue to control it. Two key drivers expected to fuel the global wireless charging market now and in the immediate future are the applications of wireless charging in consumer electronics and in wearables. The penetration of wireless charging applications in wearable devices is expected to skyrocket over the coming years, providing its players with ample opportunities and revenue streams. Yet another driver expected to show and accelerated growth for the market is the growing use of wireless charging in the automotive industry. This factor is expected to become stronger over time due to the growing consumption of electric and hybrid vehicles. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/wireless-charging-market.html Based on technology used, the global wireless charging market can be segmented into resonant charging, RF charging, and inductive charging. Inductive charging has gathered a staggering majority of the revenue in the market currently, owing to its relatively matured technology and a vast scope of use across all applications. Meanwhile, as research and development efforts continue to bear fruits, resonant and RF technologies are gaining power at a steady but assured rate. Players such as Samsung and Qualcomm have already begun commercializing these charging technologies, citing advantages such as the fast charging of multiple devices simultaneously. The segmentation of the global wireless charging market can be made on the basis of its product applications, into defense, automotive, medical, industrial, and consumer electronics. At the moment, consumer electronics is leading the global wireless charging market in terms of demand as well as revenue generation. The future of the global wireless charging market will, however, be a more diversified field of applications as the technology progresses and incorporates the rapid charging of more power-intensive devices, such as industrial tools and portable medical electronic devices. North America remains the leading consumer region for the global wireless charging market, for now. Players are already looking at the massive range of opportunities that are expected to come from Asia Pacific, owing to its exceptionally strong consumption rate of consumer electronics. Fill The Form For An Exclusive Sample Of This Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=11174 The leading players in the global wireless charging market at the moment, include Texas Instruments, Inc., Duracell Powermat (Procter & Gamble Co.), Qualcomm Inc., Fulton Innovation LLC, Energizer Holdings, Convenient Power HK Ltd., Murata Manufacturing Co. Ltd., Inc, WiTricity Corporation, Oregon Scientific, Inc., Integrated Device Technology, Inc., and Anker. Apart from these key players, the global wireless charging market also includes a list of the world’s prominent mobile phone manufacturers that are expanding their product profile to include wireless chargers, such as HTC, LG Electronics, Nokia, and Samsung. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Digital Cameras Market – 4K Video and Improved 360 Degree Video Capturing Are Expected to Continue Taking the Global Market by Storm Next PostNext Respiratory Disease Testing Market – Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2014 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Samenvatting: Takeda gaat strategische samenwerking aan met NuBiyota voor microbiële therapie Lion One Appoints John Robinson to Board of Directors Valmont Industries, Inc. First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call Jacob Frydman – Examines NYC’s Zoning for Mixed-Use Commercial and Residential Real Estate Marcus Hiles – Transforms the Dallas Real Estate Scene Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Tapad and Innovid Partner to Enhance Cross-Device Video Personalization NEW YORK, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Tapad, the leading provider of privacy-safe, cross-device marketing technology solutions, has announced its partnership with Innovid, the world’s leading video marketing platform. This integration enables Innovid to bring cross-device personalization and a more unified viewer experience to its video marketing clients including Bank of America, L’Oréal, Microsoft and Procter & Gamble. Innovid’s proprietary technology is the only platform optimized for video, enabling marketers to thrive in an ever-changing digital television landscape. Since its launch last year, Innovid’s Marketing Cloud Suite has helped marketers increase message relevance and the opportunity to drive conversions, retention and acquisition through video personalization. By leveraging the Tapad Device GraphTM, Innovid’s marketers can now benefit from the ability to drive consistent, personalized user experiences across all devices, creating more impactful connections with consumers and increasing ROI. „Personalization is a must for every data-driven marketer and really needs to happen across all devices to ensure a unified customer journey,” says Ronnie Lavi, SVP of product at Innovid. „At Innovid, we recognize one size does not fit all when it comes to video. As an open platform, we are always looking to add best-of-breed capabilities through integrations and partnerships, and we’ve chosen Tapad because of its superior cross-device expertise.” „Innovid has long paved the way for effective personalization in the video marketing space,” says Pierre Martensson, GM of Tapad’s data division. „As video continues to gain popularity across digital formats, we’re excited to see how our technology empowers Innovid to bring that renowned personalization to more customers across all of their devices.” About Tapad Tapad Inc. is a marketing technology company renowned for its breakthrough, unified, cross-device solutions. The company’s signature Tapad Device Graph™ connects millions of consumers across billions of devices. The world’s largest brands and most effective marketers entrust Tapad to provide an accurate, privacy-conscious and unified approach to connecting with consumers across screens. In 2015, Tapad began licensing the Tapad Device Graph™ and swiftly became the established gold-standard throughout the ad tech ecosystem. Tapad is based in New York and has offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Frankfurt, London, Los Angeles, Miami, Minneapolis, Oslo, San Francisco, Singapore and Toronto. Tapad’s numerous awards include: Forbes’ Most Promising Companies, Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500, Crain’s Fast 50, Entrepreneur 360 „Best Entrepreneurial Companies in America,” SmartCEO Corporate Culture Award, TMCnet Tech Culture Award, Global Startup Award’s „Startup Founder of the Year,” Digiday Signal Award, iMedia ASPY Award and a MarCom Gold Award. Tapad was acquired by the Telenor Group in 2016. Telenor is one of the world’s largest mobile operators with 214 million subscribers in 13 countries. About Innovid Innovid is the world’s leading video marketing platform, empowering advertisers to engage consumers across all screens and channels with more effective video creative, improved campaign performance, and video integrated throughout the customer journey. Providing a holistic, cross-device, data-driven solution that is purpose-built for video to meet the demands of audience fragmentation, Innovid’s patented, best-in-market technology and advanced measurement capabilities allow marketers to thrive in an ever-changing digital television landscape and engage viewers at scale via richly personalized creative and immersive, interactive storytelling. Innovid powers cross-channel video marketing efforts for some of the largest brands in over 28 countries including Bank of America, Best Buy, Citi, Comcast, Kraft, L’Oréal, Microsoft, P&G, Walmart, Samsung, Sprint, and Toyota. Headquartered in New York City, Innovid also has offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Detroit, London, Sydney, and Tel Aviv. Innovid is backed by investors Sequoia Capital, Genesis Partners, T-Venture, Vintage Investment Partners, Cisco Investments, and NewSpring Capital. Innovid’s numerous awards include IAB Mixx Awards, Digiday Video Awards, Inc. Magazine’s Top 50 Best Places to Work, Ad Age Best Places to Work, and Crain’s Best Places To Work. For more information, please visit www.innovid.com. Media Contacts: Tammy Blythe Goodman Innovid +1-212-966-7555 tammy@innovid.com Dana Casalino for Tapad dana@kitehillpr.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tapad-and-innovid-partner-to-enhance-cross-device-video-personalization-300437512.html SOURCE Tapad Related Links http://www.tapad.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsLicensing Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OTT Video Sales Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast 2017 Next PostNext Noventis Payment Network is Solving Healthcare Payment Problems Search Recent Posts Coupa Software Announces Pricing of Upsized Follow-on Offering Tide Gauge Market 2017-2027 Shares, Trend and Growth Report Data Masking Technology Market Trends, Regulations and Competitive Landscape Outlook to 2027 Chicory Products Market Shares, Strategies and Forecast Worldwide, 2017 to 2027 Cleveland BioLabs Announces Webcast of Annual Meeting Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Deodorant Stick Market – Analysis and In-depth Research on Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts 2024 Global Deodorant Stick Market: Introduction Personal hygiene products are the first and foremost requirement for any individual and deodorant is a quintessential part of personal hygiene product that helps in preventing body odor. Deodorants come in various forms in the market namely sprays, roll on and sticks, creams, and wipes. Sprays are the traditional type of packaging deodorants and are still highly preferred by the consumers. On the other hand, deodorant sticks are still in its nascent stage, but they offer numerous advantages over sprays. They are safer to use as compared to sprays as it minimizes the chances of inhaling any harmful compound present in the deodorant formulation. Deodorant sticks are convenient to use as compared to sprays, which is why they are expected to gain traction over the forecast period. Enter your information below to receive a sample copy of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Deodorant Stick: Market Dynamics Rising consciousness among consumers towards their wellbeing is a major factor driving the growth of the global deodorant stick market. Rapid urbanization in developing economies is also fuelling the growth of the global deodorant stick market. Moreover, there are some chemical compound which are being banned to be used in deodorant formulations for sprays but are considered extremely safe for use in the deodorant stick. This factor is also fuelling the growth of the global deodorant stick market. There has been an upsurge in people working out for their fitness and deodorants the must haves for them to keep the sweat odor under check. This factor is also driving the global deodorant stick market. Concerns over the use of synthetic chemicals in the deodorant sticks is restraining the growth of the global deodorant stick market. Deodorant sticks made up of natural materials is a key trend prevailing in the global deodorant stick market as the manufacturers are replacing their formulations with the less harmful ones. New and innovative product launches to attract customers is likely to create an opportunity for the global deodorant stick market. Environmental friendly packaging is also a key trend followed by manufacturers to keep up with the intense competition in the market. Deodorant Stick: Market Segmentation The global deodorant stick market is segmented on the basis of product type and material. On the basis of product type, the global deodorant stick market is segmented into alcoholic and non-alcoholic deodorant sticks. Non-alcoholic deodorant sticks are gaining more preference over the alcoholic ones. Formulations that provide skin benefits such as hydration and whitening along with the odor removal are being preferred by manufacturers to increase their product demand. On the basis of material used for packaging, the global deodorant stick market is segmented into glass, metal, and plastic. Plastic packaging is the most preferred type for deodorant sticks. Glass packaging is the least preferred among the raw materials used. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/deodorant-stick-market… Deodorant Stick Market: Regional Outlook On the basis of geography, global deodorant stick market is segmented into Asia Pacific, Latin America, North America, Middle East & Africa, and Europe. Europe is the leading market of deodorant sticks followed by North America and Asia Pacific. The deodorant stick market in Asia Pacific is likely to increase over the forecast period owing to the increasing disposable income of the consumers as well as the rising consciousness among people for personal hygiene. Changing lifestyle pattern in a country like India is also anticipated to drive the deodorant stick market in the Asia Pacific region. Deodorant Stick Market: Key players Key players of the global deodorant stick market are Avon Products Inc., Beiersdorf AG, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Henkel AG & Co. KGaA, Procter & Gamble Company, Unilever N.V, and Mandom Corporation. About TMR TMR is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact TMR 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Medical Radiation Shielding Market 2016-2021- Analysis and Trends Next PostNext Asset Tags Market – Key Players, Growth, Analysis, 2017 – 2025 Search Recent Posts Tang Prize Laureates to Speak on Gene-Editing Revolution at EB and FEBS Jura Announces Release of Annual Filings and Increase in Reserves Brunel Franklin awarded prestigious Feefo gold trusted service award 2017 Real-world MBA elective teaches invaluable business lessons Clearwater Seafoods Expands European Arctic Surfclam Product Offerings With Sushi-Ready Slices Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
