Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Grey Awarded Global Agency of Record Duties on Herbal Essences Without a Review Advertisement NEXT:Lil Jon Finally Turns Down for Something in R/GA's NBA Primetime Ad PREVIOUS:BBDO Packs References Galore into 'Everywhere' for AT&T Brands Grey Awarded Global Agency of Record Duties on Herbal Essences Without a Review By Patrick Coffee on Jan. 6, 2017 - 2:54 PMComment Today in Old But Still Relevant News, P&G moved its Herbal Essences account from Wieden + Kennedy to Grey last year. The WPP shop has been global agency of record on the business for the past several months after W+K and the client parted ways amid a string of consolidations on the P&G side that also included Secret going from Leo Burnett to W+K and BBDO losing the company’s grooming brands to Grey in 2015. As we understand it, Grey has not yet released its first full campaign for the brand but plans to do so at some point this year. Herbal Essences initially went to Wieden without a review in 2013 after more than 6 years with Leo Burnett’s Atelier. Spokespeople for both Grey and Wieden + Kennedy deferred to the client, which provided the following statement: “…the Herbal Essence business was awarded to Grey New York effective July 1st 2016. This decision is consistent with P&G’s broader agency consolidation effort. Wieden + Kennedy remains a close and important P&G partner working on Old Spice, Secret, and Olympics.” Sources claim that the decision was mutual between P&G and W+K, though we also hear that the move was based on Grey’s past work promoting Pantene for more than 20 years. Herbal Essences may remain best known for the “Totally Organic Experience” tagline, which was developed by Linda Kaplan Thaler‘s shop in 1994 and retired 10 years later before Leo Burnett took over the account. It is still a major P&G brand. According to the latest numbers from Kantar Media, the parent company spent approximately $17 million on paid media promoting the shampoo in North America in 2015 and $16.2 million from January to September of last year. Kantar does not provide global spending numbers. In other Grey news, the agency had to part with a small number of additional staffers over the holiday season after AT&T moved its DirecTV business to BBDO; those who were let go will remain on payroll through January. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Marketing Supervisor i.d.e.a. San Diego, California Ad Operations Associate Priceline.com Norwalk, Connecticut, United States, 06854 Advertising Program Coordinator, Off Platform Advertising Cox Enterprises Fort Myers, Florida See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Robert W. Baird Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Cowen and Company William Blair Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Synthetic Biologics Inc (SYN) Receives Overweight Rating from FBR & Co General Motors Company’s (GM) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Monster Beverage Corporation (MNST) Earns Outperform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Wells Fargo & Company Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) IAC/InterActive (IAC) Earns Buy Rating from Aegis Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Loop Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Facebook, Inc. (FB) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Sells 7,246 Shares of Olympic Steel, Inc. (ZEUS) Aperio Group LLC Sells 2,561 Shares of Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) Huntsman Corporation (HUN) Stake Cut by Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Takes Position in Moelis & Company (MC) Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Position Maintained by Rowland & Co. Investment Counsel ADV Aperio Group LLC Buys Shares of 10,716 Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Altra Industrial Motion Corp. (AIMC) Position Decreased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. ConocoPhillips (COP) Position Decreased by Alpha Omega Wealth Management LLC Advisor Group Inc. Boosts Position in Genesee & Wyoming, Inc. (GWR) Macerich Company (The) (MAC) Shares Bought by Advisor Group Inc. Stewart & Patten Co. LLC Lowers Position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) January 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Stewart & Patten Co. LLC lowered its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 6.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 281,198 shares of the company’s stock after selling 19,782 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) accounts for about 4.9% of Stewart & Patten Co. LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 4th largest position. Stewart & Patten Co. LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $25,238,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Trust Co. of Virginia VA increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.0% in the third quarter. Trust Co. of Virginia VA now owns 130,214 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,687,000 after buying an additional 2,502 shares during the last quarter. Somerset Trust Co increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.4% in the third quarter. Somerset Trust Co now owns 12,229 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,098,000 after buying an additional 292 shares during the last quarter. Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.3% in the third quarter. Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY now owns 6,368 shares of the company’s stock worth $572,000 after buying an additional 145 shares during the last quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.4% in the third quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV now owns 6,747 shares of the company’s stock worth $606,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BKD Wealth Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.4% in the third quarter. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 41,619 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,735,000 after buying an additional 990 shares during the last quarter. 67.12% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.02% on Friday, reaching $85.08. The company had a trading volume of 1,202,999 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $83.79 and a 200-day moving average price of $85.83. The company has a market capitalization of $227.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.69 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12 month low of $74.46 and a 12 month high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. The company earned $16.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $16.49 billion. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The business’s revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. Analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Stewart & Patten Co. LLC Lowers Position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/06/stewart-patten-co-llc-lowers-position-in-procter-gamble-company-the-pg.html. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday. SunTrust Banks, Inc. downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $95.00 to $85.00 in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $88.00 to $86.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, Vetr downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $87.49 target price for the company. in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Sixteen research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $89.75. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 7 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List What better way to recover from your holiday shopping than to invest in companies that'll send you a check? Here are seven we think deserve a closer look. Jason Hall, Dan Caplinger, Evan Niu, CFA, Neha Chamaria, Daniel Miller, Steve Symington, and Brian Feroldi (TMFVelvetHammer) Jan 6, 2017 at 7:33AM Great dividend stocks are as close to a money tree as you'll find. Image source: Getty Images.  Dividend stocks can make for wonderful investments -- particularly companies with a strong track record of giving shareholders a reasonable payout while still retaining enough cash to invest in growing the business.  We reached out to seven of our top contributors and asked them to discuss a dividend stock that investors should have on their shopping list right now, and they gave us a diverse group including Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), Nike (NYSE:NKE), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Consolidated Edison (NYSE:ED), Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY), Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN), and Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD).  Are you looking to get paid in 2017? Look no further than these stocks. Keep reading to find the ones that are right for you.  A beaten-down market beater Steve Symington (Nike): Shares of Nike are down nearly 20% this year, but that certainly isn't a reflection of the sportswear and shoe juggernaut's latest financial results.  More specifically, Nike shares climbed modestly after the company delivered a strong fiscal second-quarter 2017 report two weeks ago. Revenue climbed a better-than-expected 6.4% year over year (8% at constant currency), to $8.18 billion, driven by an 8% constant-currency increase in NIKE Brand revenue, to $7.7 billion, and a 5% increase from Converse -- a business Nike acquired in 2003 for just $305 million -- to $416 million. Within the former was 5% growth in NIKE Brand footwear, to $4.82 billion, and a 7% increase in apparel revenue, to $2.54 billion -- both solid, but not overwhelmingly impressive results given today's increasingly competitive retail environment.  Nonetheless, Nike remains a financially sound, cash-generating machine bent on returning capital to shareholders. The company ended last quarter with $5.9 billion in cash on its balance sheet, down only $173 million from the same year-ago period despite making hefty investments in infrastructure, repurchasing 56 million shares for $3.1 billion under a four-year, $12 billion repurchase program authorized in November 2015, and increasing its quarterly dividend (for the 15th consecutive year) two months ago by 13%, to $0.18 per share. At today's prices that equates to a solid annual yield of roughly 1.4%. Combine this with Nike's steady supplemental capital returns and top- and bottom-line growth even in the face of currency headwinds and persistent competition, and I think Nike stock is a worthy portfolio candidate for any dividend-seeking investor. The bluest blue chip of them all Brian Feroldi (Johnson & Johnson): When it comes to dividend stocks, I'm a firm believer that investors should favor companies that have stood the test of time. If that sounds like a reasonable strategy to you, then I think you should seriously consider adding Johnson & Johnson to your watchlist. This company's long-term history is nothing short of remarkable. Johnson & Johnson has grown its adjusted profits each year for more than 32 years in a row. Better still, the company has annually increased its dividend -- which currently yields 2.75% -- for 54 consecutive years. That's an amazing streak that spans multiple recessions, which is telling about how strong this company is. Johnson & Johnson has been able to put up those amazing numbers in part because consumers and healthcare professionals alike trust its brand. That strong connection is a big reason that the company holds the No. 1 or No. 2 position in about 70% of the markets in which it competes. While J&J's stock is currently trading near its all-time high, its trailing price-to-earnings ratio is only 20. That's a discounted valuation when compared to the S&P 500 in general, which makes this a great stock to buy today and to add to on any future dips. This defensive dividend just keeps growing Neha Chamaria (Consolidated Edison): If you're looking for good dividend stocks, how about a defensive utility stock that boasts good cash flow and a track record of dividend increases, and has recently pulled back in price? Consolidated Edison stock's 8% drop over the past six months offers income investors an opportunity too good to ignore. As a regulated electric and gas utility that charges decoupled rates, Con Ed knows well in advance how much in revenue it will generate, which is a huge advantage for any business organization. As fixed revenue means pretty stable earnings, Con Ed has been able to reward shareholders richly over the years: It has increased its dividend for 42 straight years now. ED Dividend data by YCharts. That dividend streak is unlikely to break unless people learn to live without electricity and gas. In fact, Con Ed's growth plans stretch well into two decades, reflecting management's foresight and confidence in the business. From modernizing its existing network to investing billions in renewables like solar and wind, Con Ed has its plans in place. These investments should help the company expand its customer base and further bolster its position in the industry, which should translate into rich dividends for investors for years to come. Given the stock's recent drop and a dividend yield of 3.6%, I believe it's time to load up on Con Ed. A safe bet Evan Niu, CFA (Procter & Gamble): Given the fact that I'm a tech analyst, it might be surprising that I'd advocate putting Procter & Gamble on your dividend stock shopping list. But that's actually precisely the point, at least for my personal portfolio. My portfolio tends to be overweighted in tech, since that's primarily what I follow, and the search to balance and diversify my portfolio with a solid non-tech dividend payer led me to put the household name on my own personal shopping list. To be clear, I haven't bought shares yet, but it's definitely one of the candidates. Procter & Gamble really requires no introduction, nor does its plethora of brands that you probably buy every time you go to the store. It's no surprise that P&G is one of the market's favorite dividend stocks, and has consistently paid out for over 125 years. The company is a paragon of implementing a consistent and sustainable dividend policy, including modest but healthy increases every year -- all while maintaining conservative payout ratios that don't put the dividend at risk. Shares yield around 3.2% at current levels, which should please income seekers. It's true that the company has hit a few headwinds in recent years, including a difficult foreign exchange environment that hurt international sales, and it began streamlining operations by getting rid of more than half of its brands a couple of years go, but overall Procter & Gamble is a solid pick. Cybersecurity provides upside for this defense stock Daniel Miller (Raytheon): If your shopping list is anything like mine, it might have changed quite a bit since November. However, one of the stocks high on my list remains -- and, in fact, has become slightly more intriguing since Donald Trump's victory: Raytheon Company. Raytheon is one of five major U.S. defense contractors, with 2015 revenues topping $23 billion and a well-balanced business that generates about 31% of its top line internationally. It operates in five distinct segments, which are also well balanced, with four of those segments generating the vast majority of revenue: Space and Airborne Systems (SAS), Integrated Defense Systems (IDS), Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS), and Missile Systems (MS). Now, while those four business segments generate most of its sales, its fifth segment, a joint venture called Forcepoint, provides cybersecurity solutions to government as well as commercial clients. While it only generated 1% of sales in 2015 and around 3% this year, its cybersecurity business should easily increase its top line in the double digits for the foreseeable future. The need for cybersecurity services isn't going away, and if Raytheon can turn this business segment into a fifth pillar of revenue, this is a company well poised to reward shareholders over the long term. Also, investors can rest assured that Raytheon's recent dividend history has been shareholder-friendly. It has increased its dividend each of the past 12 years, raising it 9.3% in 2016, and also repurchased $1 billion in shares during 2015 alone. Its dividend yield of 2% won't blow investors away, but it's well positioned for the future with strong cash flow, a healthy dividend, and a balanced portfolio of businesses and technologies.  This dividend stock looks tasty Dan Caplinger (Sysco): Everyone has to eat, and among dividend stocks with long histories of growing payouts, Sysco stands out for its track record of success. The company recently announced its 47th consecutive annual dividend increase, making a 6% boost to its quarterly payment to bring its per-share amount to $0.33. That works out to a 2.5% yield, which isn't the highest in the market, but it's still a healthy payout in a market in which that yield manages to match what the 10-year Treasury is paying. Sysco has been able to grow both through smart internal initiatives and with targeted strategic acquisitions. The company's purchase of European food distributor Brakes Group early in 2016 has helped Sysco keep its top line rising, and in its most recent quarter, Sysco managed to grow earnings nearly 30% from year-ago levels. Looking forward, things look even better for Sysco. The restaurant industry, which is a major customer for the company, has started to recover, and those who follow the sector see even better times ahead as a wave of consumer confidence emerges that could send more people out to eat. Even though some investors are still disappointed that the company's attempted acquisition of U.S. Foods was blocked by regulators, Sysco has plenty of room to take advantage of a more favorable business environment and to look for ways to raise its dividend even further in 2017 and beyond. A steady pipeline of cash flow Jason Hall (Enterprise Products Partners): The oil and gas industry continues to be a tough place to invest. Yes, a lot of energy stocks did pretty well in 2016, riding a recovery from oil prices in February 2016 that were the lowest we have seen since 2004. But even as a lot of oil stocks were coming back from the brink, dozens of former big dividend payers have cut or even eliminated their payouts completely.  Yet Enterprise Products Partners has largely been able to avoid any concerns about having to cut its distributions -- actually, it has modestly increased payouts over the downturn: EPD Dividend data by YCharts. This is partly due to the nature of its midstream operations, which can be largely immune from oil and gas prices, but it's also a product of excellent management, which has done a solid job of playing defense with investors' capital in every market condition. The result? A nearly 6% yield at recent share prices, and a likelihood of more increases in years to come. If you're an income investor looking for an excellent oil and gas stock, look no further than Enterprise Products Partners.  Brian Feroldi owns shares of Nike. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. Daniel Miller has no position in any stocks mentioned. Evan Niu, CFA, has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jason Hall has no position in any stocks mentioned. Neha Chamaria has no position in any stocks mentioned. Steve Symington has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool recommends Enterprise Products Partners and Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jason Hall, Dan Caplinger, Evan Niu, CFA, Neha Chamaria, Daniel Miller, Steve Symington, and Brian Feroldi (TMFVelvetHammer) Born and raised in the Deep South of Georgia, Jason now calls Southern California home. A Fool since 2006, he began contributing to Fool.com in 2012. Trying to invest better? Like learning about companies with great (or really bad) stories? Jason can usually be found there, cutting through the noise and trying to get to the heart of the story. Follow @TMFVelvetHammer Article Info Jan 6, 2017 at 7:33AM Industrials Stocks Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $114.60 down $0.02 (-0.02%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $84.01 up $0.17 (0.20%) Nike NYSE:NKE $52.92 up $0.52 (0.99%) Sysco NYSE:SYY $54.97 up $0.07 (0.13%) Consolidated Edison NYSE:ED $73.60 down $0.02 (-0.03%) Enterprise Products Partners NYSE:EPD $27.38 up $0.08 (0.29%) Raytheon NYSE:RTN $145.99 up $0.35 (0.24%) Read More Forget General Electric; Here Are Better Stocks to Buy If You're in Your 70s, Consider Buying These 2 Stocks Sorry, 3D Systems: Carbon3D Is Johnson & Johnson's New 3D Printing Partner 3M Co. Earnings: What Investors Want to See 3 Top Stocks for Low-Risk Investors to Buy Now 2 Low-Risk Stocks for Dividend Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 7 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List #stocks $JNJ, $PG, $NKE, $SYY, $ED, $EPD, $RTN
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) PT Set at $76.00 by RBC Capital Markets January 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) in a research report report published on Monday morning. The firm currently has a hold rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also issued reports on PG. B. Riley reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $106.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research note on Monday, October 31st. raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from an underperform rating to an outperform rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $90.00 to $95.00 in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $98.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Vetr lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $87.49 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a buy rating to a hold rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $95.00 to $85.00 in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Sixteen investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $89.75. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 85.06 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $83.79 and its 200 day moving average price is $85.83. The firm has a market capitalization of $227.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.69 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company has a 52 week low of $74.46 and a 52 week high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.05. The company earned $16.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $16.49 billion. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 16.27% and a return on equity of 17.95%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.98 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) PT Set at $76.00 by RBC Capital Markets” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/05/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-pt-set-at-76-00-by-rbc-capital-markets.html. In related news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Financial Architects Inc raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 39.8% in the second quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 7,109 shares of the company’s stock valued at $602,000 after buying an additional 2,025 shares in the last quarter. RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 20.5% in the second quarter. RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC now owns 1,488,391 shares of the company’s stock valued at $126,186,000 after buying an additional 252,832 shares in the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 12.7% in the second quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 4,679,269 shares of the company’s stock valued at $396,194,000 after buying an additional 528,466 shares in the last quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.6% in the third quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. now owns 79,440 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,130,000 after buying an additional 2,039 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mason Street Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter valued at $30,357,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 67.12% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Shares Bought by Outfitter Advisors LTD. Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Outfitter Advisors LTD. raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 2.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 31,812 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 690 shares during the period. Outfitter Advisors LTD.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $2,855,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. American National Bank raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Americafirst Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth approximately $112,000. Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth approximately $122,000. Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 259.5% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,517 shares of the company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 1,095 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rothschild Capital Partners LLC purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth approximately $201,000. Institutional investors own 67.12% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.66% on Thursday, hitting $85.06. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 6,852,435 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $83.79 and its 200-day moving average price is $85.83. Procter & Gamble Company has a 52 week low of $74.46 and a 52 week high of $90.33. The firm has a market cap of $227.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.69 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The company had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.49 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 EPS. The business’s revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Shares Bought by Outfitter Advisors LTD.” was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/06/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-shares-bought-by-outfitter-advisors-ltd.html. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Vetr lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday, October 10th. Argus raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $88.54 to $103.00 in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 price target for the company in a research report on Friday, October 14th. Jefferies Group reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $98.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $92.00 price target (up from $90.00) on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Sixteen analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.75. In related news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Bank of Montreal Can Lowers Stake in ITC Holdings Corp. (ITC) Next » Lazard Ltd. (LAZ) Stake Raised by Horan Capital Advisors LLC. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Increased by Trust Co. of Virginia VA January 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Trust Co. of Virginia VA boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 2.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 130,214 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,502 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) makes up approximately 2.0% of Trust Co. of Virginia VA’s portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. Trust Co. of Virginia VA’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $11,687,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Amarillo National Bank boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 3.6% in the second quarter. Amarillo National Bank now owns 7,499 shares of the company’s stock worth $635,000 after buying an additional 259 shares in the last quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.1% in the second quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 8,093,915 shares of the company’s stock worth $694,053,000 after buying an additional 91,671 shares in the last quarter. Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 141.5% in the second quarter. Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. now owns 18,372 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,556,000 after buying an additional 10,765 shares in the last quarter. First Financial Corp IN boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 20.9% in the second quarter. First Financial Corp IN now owns 25,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,122,000 after buying an additional 4,340 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Fragasso Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.6% in the second quarter. Fragasso Group Inc. now owns 20,924 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,771,000 after buying an additional 540 shares in the last quarter. 67.12% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.66% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $85.06. 7,208,869 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $83.74 and a 200 day moving average price of $85.84. Procter & Gamble Company has a 1-year low of $74.46 and a 1-year high of $90.33. The company has a market capitalization of $227.62 billion, a PE ratio of 22.69 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The business had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.49 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/05/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-stake-increased-by-trust-co-of-virginia-va.html. PG has been the topic of several analyst reports. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Monday, October 31st. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $98.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Citigroup Inc. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Vetr raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $92.75 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. Finally, Argus raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Sixteen equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.75. In related news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 0.35% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States How a Slimmer Procter & Gamble Might Fare in 2017 By Paul Ausick January 5, 2017 8:10 am EST Print Email Tweet The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed out 2016 at 19,762.60 on December 30. It may not have hit the elusive 20,000 mark, but it ended the year with a gain of 13.4% from the 17,425.03 close on the last trading day of 2015. This was quite close to the 24/7 Wall St. forecast of 19,700, but we still have a case that can be made for up to Dow 22,000 late in 2017. The S&P 500 closed the year at 2,238.83, up 9.5% from the 2,043.94 close of 2015. The Nasdaq closed at 5,383.12, for a gain of just 7.5% from the 5,007.41 close at the end of 2015. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) has been right-sizing its number of brands in a restructuring and divesting process, but this defensive consumer products giant generated a return of 9.4% and ended the year at $84.08 a share. It has a consensus analyst price target of $90.72, and the 7.9% in implied upside would generate an implied total return of 11.1% if you include the 3.2% dividend yield. P&G closed out 2016 in a virtual tie with Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) for the last spot on our list of the Dogs of the Dow. Back in the third quarter of 2016, hedge funds paid $8.9 billion to boost their holdings of P&G stock. The stock was hedge funds’ top purchase in the third quarter. As a group, the hedgies’ consumer staples purchases totaled $12.2 billion in the quarter, likely as a position hedging against volatility ahead of the November elections. In October, P&G transferred its specialty beauty products business to Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY). A slimmer portfolio is expected to pay off for investors as the company now focuses on 10 product categories where it has about 65 category-leading brands. For P&G’s 2016 fiscal year ended last June, the company was able to reduce costs by 11% year over year to help overcome a strong dollar and drive earnings per share higher by 7% compared with fiscal 2015. The company is one of the Dividend Aristocrats, stocks that have raised dividends every year for at least 25 years. In fact, it has paid a dividend every year since its incorporation in 1890. The company is the very definition of a defensive stock. Procter & Gamble has a 52-week trading range of $74.46 to $90.33 and a market cap of over $225 billion. Its dividend yield is 3.2%. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why the Verizon and AT&T Bull-Bear Case Looks Questionable in 2017 Versus 2016 Merrill Lynch’s 5 Top Large Cap Oil and Gas Stocks for 2017 » Read more: Consumer Products, Corporate Performance, COTY, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 17 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Super Bowl Mr. Clean, Febreze Go Where Few Cleaners Have -- the Super Bowl By Jack Neff. Published on January 05, 2017. Most Popular Procter & Gamble Co. is preparing to clean up at the Super Bowl, as two of its home care brands will make their Super Bowl debuts. Credit: Procter & Gamble Co. Mr. Clean is eight years older than the Super Bowl but has never had an ad in the game until this year. He'll join Febreze on the Big Game Feb. 5 on Fox. The move into TV's most-watched event comes as P&G Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard has pushed for mass-reach advertising of late. Febreze will have a 30-second spot from Grey, New York, in the second quarter, according to a spokesman, part of an effort that will also include an online video, a digital campaign and teaser spot to be released later this month. Mr. Clean, which is also the Official Cleaner of Super Bowl LI, will have a 30-second spot during the third quarter from Leo Burnett, Toronto, with a teaser to be released later this month. The buy is significant for Mr. Clean. The brand spent a relatively modest $23.4 million on TV in the past year, according to iSpot.tv estimates, vs. $140 million for Febreze. With a spot on the game valued at $5 miillion, the Mr. Clean buy for this year's Super Bowl buy could represent about 20% of what the brand spent on TV all of last year. Laundry detergents – specifically P&G's Tide and Henkel's Persil – have advertised on the Super Bowl in recent years. But household cleaners and deodorizers have been fairly rare. The only prior entry came from tiny American Home Health for its PS brand of household cleaners based on formulas from healthcare facilities in 2006. That ad supported a launch into more than 1,000 Target stores. But American Home Health lost its place at Target within six weeks, and was essentially out of business a year later. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Special Report: Super Bowl Sports Sports Marketing TV Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. ICONS OF ENTREPRENEURSHIP This Young Dad Created a Viral App That's Taking on the $710 Billion Nightlife Market Dan Fennessy founded Party With a Local to bring people together for better nightlife experiences whether you're in Amsterdam, Rio de Janeiro, or New York City. By Maisie Devine Maisie Devine is an investor at ZX Ventures, the global incubator and venture capital arm of AB InBev. Prior to ZXV, she co-founded a recruitment app for busy, professional women. She was named to the Forbes 30 Under 30, Tech.co Top 20 Startup Founders Under 30, and 26 Women to Watch in Tech by AlleyWatch. Devine also worked in digital media advertising at Interactive One and handled the 30 largest clients, including P&G, Walmart, Comcast, and J&J. @Maisie_Devine Investor at ZX Ventures@Maisie_Devine WRITE A COMMENT Dan Fennessy, founder of Party With a Local. Dan Fennessy, founder of Party with a Local. CREDIT: Company Advertisement Dan Fennessy has had a crazy last couple of years: from growing up in tiny coastal Australian town, to working odd jobs, to persisting after the two co-founders left his nascent start-up, to having a baby. To now: he is a darling of the Silicon Valley world and boasts a hot nightlife app, Party With a Local, that already has more than 100K users and is helping globe-trotting millennials have better nightlife experiences. Now together with his international and diverse team (from 5 continents, speaking 11 different languages) they aim to become THE app that connects people for nightlife, anywhere in the world. The team is passionate about fun nightlife experiences and also about meeting new people, so in many respects, they are solving their own problem. The Party With a Local team love seeing successful meetups, great nights out, and genuine friendships being formed via the app. The ability to bring people together for awesome experiences is what truly excites and energizes the team everyday. From humble beginnings and many challenges faced along the way, the team and the app are now doing exceptionally well. They are now one of 10 teams participating in Techstars Connection, in partnership with AB InBev, in New York. Techstars is widely considered one of the best startup accelerator programs in the world, and less than 1% of applicants are accepted. Now, Party With a Local is focused on the US market specifically to create partnerships with some of the world's biggest brands and to build a vibrant community of nightlife enthusiasts - one party at a time. Their relentless drive to succeed, their openness, their diversity, great team culture and sense of humor are the ingredients that hold Party With a Local together and give them an edge over the competition. Recently, Inc sat down with Fennessy to discuss Party With a Local over coffee and this is what he had to say: Why did you start Party With a Local? Party With a Local came from my own experiences of traveling, and living abroad, and finding that a night out anywhere is better with a local, but it's not always easy to meet locals. I did a 1 year 'round the world trip 10 years ago when I first experienced this problem. I was traveling from city to city in Asia, Europe, North America and Central America and wanting to go out, meet new people and sample the local nightlife. More often than not I would have no idea where to go out, and end up at crappy or expensive tourist bars, only meet other travelers (especially other Australians) and generally have a bad night out. I'd gone traveling to experience new things and meet new people from all over the world, but it just wasn't happening. In some rare cases I would randomly meet a local and have a totally different experience --meet amazing people, get the local perspective and  go to bars, clubs and events that I would never have found on my own. But these experiences were few and far between. This is where the idea came from -- I just wanted to solve my own problem and have more of these great experiences. Party With a Local has since expanded beyond just being a travel or new in town app, based on user behavior, to be about connecting anyone anywhere for nightlife. Not having people to enjoy nightlife with is a problem that a lot of people around the world face. How exactly does the app work? Whether it's to grab a drink, meet new people at festivals, or get nightlife tips, you can find like-minded friends through the app (no, not for dating). You can post a 'party status', join and share events, and just chat with people who are nearby and up for meeting up and going out to enjoy nightlife. Party with a Local App CREDIT: Company How is this different from a dating app? It's very different. Party With a Local is all about community, and we make sure to encourage the right kind of culture within our app. We state clearly pre, during and post sign-up that Party With a Local is not a dating or hookup up, which people seem respond well too. You can review people who you've met via the app - which brings a level of trust to the people you are meeting (and something dating apps will never do, for obvious reasons). Also, people are more and more meeting up in groups, which is why we'll soon be launching our events feature - for more group interactions and meetups. We hear from many of our users, who say they really like Party With a Local, specifically because it's not about dating; its purpose is to meet new people for good times and nights out. We think the world is ready for a meet new people app that is not about dating or hooking-up. What better place to start than nightlife? What are some of the best stories you've heard from people using Party With a Local? We hear lots of stories of genuine connections being made and amazing experiences being had via our app. My favorite is Florian and Michael's story. The short version: Florian, from Stuttgart, met Amsterdam local Michael through the app. They became good friends, had lots of great nights out in Amsterdam. Florian went traveling in SE Asia and Michael decided spontaneously to fly to Bangkok to join him. They then used the app to organize a rooftop party with a bunch of people in the State Tower of Bangkok (where Hangover 2 was filmed). What is the bigger vision for Party With a Local? The core of our app is about connecting people. We aim to own the nightlife niche first, and it's a very big niche. Beyond that, we might move into other verticals, like eating out, shopping, other local experiences, but right now we're fully focused on nightlife. If we can keep playing a part in bringing people from different backgrounds and beliefs together around the world, that would be a huge win for us. Go out and meet someone new, someone different from you, grab a drink, discuss your differences, find middle ground - after all, connections trump hate! What are some of the biggest challenges you've faced? I found out I was going to be a dad, right around the time I'd decided to go all-in on Party With a Local. Then it was still a self-funded startup that wasn't looking likely to make any money for the coming period. Whilst I was happy and excited for what was to come with a baby, I couldn't get my head around how around how I would be able to combine a startup (an app connecting people for nightlife!), with my new responsibilities of being a father, and of supporting a family financially. I agonized for weeks: Should I quit my startup and 'get a real job' to support my family? Most startups fail anyway, right? If I quit now, most people would understand, and in fact they'd think it was the responsible thing to do. But the thought of quitting felt terrible to me. Like a lot of founders, my startup felt like my baby too, one that was nowhere near grown-up and hadn't reached it's potential yet, and the thought of letting it go now filled me with dread. My girlfriend knew how much Party With a Local meant to me and was extremely supportive during this time. She told me to go for it, that we'd figure it out financially even if the app didn't work out. So while I was at times filled with doubt and anxiety, there was no doubt in her mind I needed to keep going and would succeed. Amazing support! I also spoke to a good friend at the time who said 'what does quitting now tell your future child about chasing your dreams? That you give up as soon as there's a challenge?' And: 'imagine in the future you have to tell your kid that because of him/her you had to give up on your dreams!' ...Right. I kept going, more determined than ever to make it work. Becoming a father made me more focused and a better entrepreneur. Disclosure: In addition to her role at Savvy, Ms. Devine is a member of the convenient solutions team under ZX Ventures, a subsidiary of AB InBev. AB InBev has a partnership with Techstars. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Jan 5, 2017 Advertisement
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Here Are the 2017 Dogs of the Dow Find out how to use this easy-to-follow stock-picking strategy. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Jan 6, 2017 at 7:41AM Dividend stocks offer current income and growth potential, and the dividend stocks that you'll find among the 30 stocks of the Dow Jones Industrials (DJINDICES:^DJI) are some of the best-known, highest-quality dividend payers you'll find. Rather than simply buying the entire Dow, however, many dividend investors choose instead to follow a strategy called the Dogs of the Dow. These stocks offer better yields than the Dow as a whole, and often, they've been able to outperform the Dow over the course of the year. Let's take a first look at 2017's Dogs of the Dow to see what you should watch out for over the coming year. The 2017 Dogs of the Dow Stock Dividend Yield Verizon 4.3% Pfizer 3.9% Chevron 3.7% Boeing (NYSE:BA) 3.7% Cisco Systems 3.4% Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) 3.4% IBM 3.4% ExxonMobil 3.3% Caterpillar 3.3% Merck 3.2% Data source: DogsoftheDow.com. 2 new Dogs for 2017 Because of the way that the Dogs of the Dow get picked every year, you can count on seeing some turnover among the 10 stocks that make the cut. However, 2017 is a remarkably stable year for the Dogs, with just two new entrants joining eight carryover picks from 2016. Leaving the Dogs this year are Wal-Mart and Procter & Gamble. Interestingly, neither of the two consumer giants had particularly good years, with both stocks underperforming the broader Dow in 2016. However, a combination of factors resulted in their falling to the No. 11 and 12 spots on the Dow yield list. First, the addition of Coca-Cola came from even worse performance from the beverage giant than its consumer goods peers. Coca-Cola saw its share price fall more than 3% during 2016, as ongoing challenges related to its long-struggling carbonated beverage segment continued to weigh on its prospects. The threat of greater regulation and taxation in some areas has hit Coca-Cola, and efforts to find efficiency gains haven't been adequate to give investors the optimism in the company's future prospects to justify share-price gains. Moreover, the recent strength in the U.S. dollar could once again create difficulties for Coca-Cola, given how much it relies on foreign currency for its revenue and profits. The much more unusual move in the Dogs came from Boeing, which saw its yield jump not because of a decline in share price but rather from a huge raise that the aerospace giant made late in the year. Boeing boosted its quarterly payout in December by 30%, making its quarterly payout $1.42 per share. That helped send its yield up by more than a full percentage point compared to where it started 2016, despite Boeing's solid share-price increase of 8% for the year. The move shows how much confidence Boeing has in its recent success, despite some concerns among investors that the volume of new orders in the future might begin to slow from its breakneck pace of recent years. Image source: Getty Images. Can the Dogs of the Dow beat the market in 2017? You can't count on the Dogs of the Dow always beating the entire Dow, but it has had a recent string of good outcomes. For 2016, the strategy led to a rise of about 16%, topping the 13% gain in the overall Dow. Moreover, the Dogs paid higher dividends that gave the strategy another percentage point of outperformance compared to the overall Dow. That good result brought the Dogs of the Dow's track record to six wins in seven years. The strategy didn't manage to match the Dow in 2012, and in 2014, it took the added returns from dividends for the Dogs to pull ahead. A small win in 2015 also didn't bring much outperformance, but better performance in 2010, 2011, and 2013 has many investors convinced that the Dogs of the Dow are back for good. Yet when you go back 20 years, the win-loss record is much closer to .500 than investors would like to see. The main reason to follow the Dogs of the Dow is that it's a simple way to get performance that's roughly in line with the Dow. Some years will be winners and others losers, but if you want a conservative dividend strategy that emphasizes blue-chip stocks, it's hard to beat the Dogs of the Dow. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron, Cisco Systems, Coca-Cola, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Jan 6, 2017 at 7:41AM Industrials Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $19,885.73 down $-5.27 (-0.03%) Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $40.88 down $0.07 (-0.17%) Boeing NYSE:BA $158.83 up $0.54 (0.34%) Read More Could Boeing Co. Hike Its Dividend by 30% or More? Boeing Co. Gets Serious About Services Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Is Boeing's Defense Business Becoming a Growth Driver Again? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Here Are the 2017 Dogs of the Dow #stocks $^DJI, $KO, $BA
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Cupid to hold EGM Business Standard Market hovers near flat line Capital Market  January 6, 2017 Last Updated at 12:23 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USZiWB ALSO READ Broad market depicts weakness Market pares gains; positive market breadth Market languishes at lower levels Market trims losses Positive market breadth Key benchmark indices were hovering near the flat line in early afternoon trade, alternately swinging between positive and negative zone. At 12:30 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 9.68 points or 0.04% at 26,868.56. The Nifty 50 index was currently down 4.10 points or 0.05% at 8,269.70. The Sensex was currently trading below the psychologically important 27,000 mark, after hitting an intraday high above that level in mid-morning trade. The Sensex and the Nifty, both, reversed direction soon after hitting their highest intraday level in almost two months in mid-morning trade. The Sensex rose 131.37 points, or 0.49% at the day's high of 27,009.61 in mid-morning trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. The index fell 35.18 points, or 0.13% at the day's low of 26,843.06 in early afternoon trade. The Nifty rose 33.05 points, or 0.40% at the day's high of 8,306.85 in mid-morning trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. The index fell 14.40 points, or 0.17% at the day's low of 8,259.40 in mid-morning trade. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.28%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.02%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was negative. On BSE, 1,284 shares fell and 1,163 shares rose. A total of 156 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks saw mixed trend. Britannia Industries (down 0.53%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.15%), Dabur India (down 0.61%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.09%), Nestle India (down 0.14%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.01%) and Bajaj Corp (down 0.05%) fell. Colgate-Palmolive (India) (up 0.21%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.33%), Marico (up 0.86%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.08%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.03%) rose. Cement stocks fell. UltraTech Cement (down 1.06%), Ambuja Cements (down 0.07%) and Shree Cement (down 0.03%) fell. ACC (up 0.6%) rose. Grasim Industries was off 1.9% at Rs 855.35. Grasim has exposure to the cement sector through its holding in UltraTech Cement. Bharti Infratel rose 1.66% to Rs 355.55 on reports a foreign brokerage has upgraded its recommendation on the stock to buy. The brokerage expects stronger tenancy growth for Bharti Infratel. Bharti Airtel's stake sale in the company could be a catalyst, it added. The brokerage has raised its earnings estimates for Bharti Infratel by 2-3% for FY 2018-19. GE Power India rose 1.55% after the company said it has been awarded a contract by NTPC ALSTOM Power Services (a 50:50 joint venture between NTPC & GE) of approximately Rs 198.80 crore including duties and taxes. The order is for steam turbine upgrade project at NTPC's Ramagundam super thermal power plant in Telangana. The company's scope of work consists of supply of steam turbine module, its auxiliaries, turbine controller and spares including supervision of erection, commissioning and testing, GE Power India said. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 5 January 2017. Chartered Logistics advanced 1.26% after net profit rose 49.6% to Rs 4.10 crore on 3.2% decline in net sales to Rs 38.20 crore in Q3 December 2016 over Q3 December 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 5 January 2017. Overseas, most Asian stocks were trading higher today, 6 January 2017. China's Shanghai Composite was down 0.21%. Japan's Nikkei 225 fell 0.34%. In US, the tech-heavy Nasdaq closed at a record yesterday, 5 January 2017, as the broader stock market finished lower, dragged down by a steep slide in the financial sector and major retailers. Mixed data on jobs also raised concerns a day before the closely watched December employment report due today, 6 January 2017. In US, the private sector added 153,000 jobs in December, according to ADP, a rate that was below forecasts, while first-time jobless claims fell 28,000 in the latest week, dropping to a nearly 43-year low. Separately, a reading on the US services sector held steady at a 12-month high in December, suggesting growth in non-manufacturing activity, mainly the service sector, remains strong. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Sensex | Stock Market | Bse | Nifty PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Market hovers near flat line Key benchmark indices were hovering near the flat line in early afternoon trade, alternately swinging between positive and negative zone. At 12:30 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 9.68 points or 0.04% at 26,868.56. The Nifty 50 index was currently down 4.10 points or 0.05% at 8,269.70. The Sensex was currently trading below the psychologically important 27,000 mark, after hitting an intraday high above that level in mid-morning trade. Key benchmark indices were hovering near the flat line in early afternoon trade, alternately swinging between positive and negative zone. At 12:30 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 9.68 points or 0.04% at 26,868.56. The Nifty 50 index was currently down 4.10 points or 0.05% at 8,269.70. The Sensex was currently trading below the psychologically important 27,000 mark, after hitting an intraday high above that level in mid-morning trade. The Sensex and the Nifty, both, reversed direction soon after hitting their highest intraday level in almost two months in mid-morning trade. The Sensex rose 131.37 points, or 0.49% at the day's high of 27,009.61 in mid-morning trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. The index fell 35.18 points, or 0.13% at the day's low of 26,843.06 in early afternoon trade. The Nifty rose 33.05 points, or 0.40% at the day's high of 8,306.85 in mid-morning trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. The index fell 14.40 points, or 0.17% at the day's low of 8,259.40 in mid-morning trade. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.28%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.02%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was negative. On BSE, 1,284 shares fell and 1,163 shares rose. A total of 156 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks saw mixed trend. Britannia Industries (down 0.53%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.15%), Dabur India (down 0.61%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.09%), Nestle India (down 0.14%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.01%) and Bajaj Corp (down 0.05%) fell. Colgate-Palmolive (India) (up 0.21%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.33%), Marico (up 0.86%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.08%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.03%) rose. Cement stocks fell. UltraTech Cement (down 1.06%), Ambuja Cements (down 0.07%) and Shree Cement (down 0.03%) fell. ACC (up 0.6%) rose. Grasim Industries was off 1.9% at Rs 855.35. Grasim has exposure to the cement sector through its holding in UltraTech Cement. Bharti Infratel rose 1.66% to Rs 355.55 on reports a foreign brokerage has upgraded its recommendation on the stock to buy. The brokerage expects stronger tenancy growth for Bharti Infratel. Bharti Airtel's stake sale in the company could be a catalyst, it added. The brokerage has raised its earnings estimates for Bharti Infratel by 2-3% for FY 2018-19. GE Power India rose 1.55% after the company said it has been awarded a contract by NTPC ALSTOM Power Services (a 50:50 joint venture between NTPC & GE) of approximately Rs 198.80 crore including duties and taxes. The order is for steam turbine upgrade project at NTPC's Ramagundam super thermal power plant in Telangana. The company's scope of work consists of supply of steam turbine module, its auxiliaries, turbine controller and spares including supervision of erection, commissioning and testing, GE Power India said. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 5 January 2017. Chartered Logistics advanced 1.26% after net profit rose 49.6% to Rs 4.10 crore on 3.2% decline in net sales to Rs 38.20 crore in Q3 December 2016 over Q3 December 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 5 January 2017. Overseas, most Asian stocks were trading higher today, 6 January 2017. China's Shanghai Composite was down 0.21%. Japan's Nikkei 225 fell 0.34%. In US, the tech-heavy Nasdaq closed at a record yesterday, 5 January 2017, as the broader stock market finished lower, dragged down by a steep slide in the financial sector and major retailers. Mixed data on jobs also raised concerns a day before the closely watched December employment report due today, 6 January 2017. In US, the private sector added 153,000 jobs in December, according to ADP, a rate that was below forecasts, while first-time jobless claims fell 28,000 in the latest week, dropping to a nearly 43-year low. Separately, a reading on the US services sector held steady at a 12-month high in December, suggesting growth in non-manufacturing activity, mainly the service sector, remains strong. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market hovers near flat line Key benchmark indices were hovering near the flat line in early afternoon trade, alternately swinging between positive and negative zone. At 12:30 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 9.68 points or 0.04% at 26,868.56. The Nifty 50 index was currently down 4.10 points or 0.05% at 8,269.70. The Sensex was currently trading below the psychologically important 27,000 mark, after hitting an intraday high above that level in mid-morning trade. The Sensex and the Nifty, both, reversed direction soon after hitting their highest intraday level in almost two months in mid-morning trade. The Sensex rose 131.37 points, or 0.49% at the day's high of 27,009.61 in mid-morning trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. The index fell 35.18 points, or 0.13% at the day's low of 26,843.06 in early afternoon trade. The Nifty rose 33.05 points, or 0.40% at the day's high of 8,306.85 in mid-morning trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. The index fell 14.40 points, or 0.17% at the day's low of 8,259.40 in mid-morning trade. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.28%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.02%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was negative. On BSE, 1,284 shares fell and 1,163 shares rose. A total of 156 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks saw mixed trend. Britannia Industries (down 0.53%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.15%), Dabur India (down 0.61%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.09%), Nestle India (down 0.14%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.01%) and Bajaj Corp (down 0.05%) fell. Colgate-Palmolive (India) (up 0.21%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.33%), Marico (up 0.86%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.08%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.03%) rose. Cement stocks fell. UltraTech Cement (down 1.06%), Ambuja Cements (down 0.07%) and Shree Cement (down 0.03%) fell. ACC (up 0.6%) rose. Grasim Industries was off 1.9% at Rs 855.35. Grasim has exposure to the cement sector through its holding in UltraTech Cement. Bharti Infratel rose 1.66% to Rs 355.55 on reports a foreign brokerage has upgraded its recommendation on the stock to buy. The brokerage expects stronger tenancy growth for Bharti Infratel. Bharti Airtel's stake sale in the company could be a catalyst, it added. The brokerage has raised its earnings estimates for Bharti Infratel by 2-3% for FY 2018-19. GE Power India rose 1.55% after the company said it has been awarded a contract by NTPC ALSTOM Power Services (a 50:50 joint venture between NTPC & GE) of approximately Rs 198.80 crore including duties and taxes. The order is for steam turbine upgrade project at NTPC's Ramagundam super thermal power plant in Telangana. The company's scope of work consists of supply of steam turbine module, its auxiliaries, turbine controller and spares including supervision of erection, commissioning and testing, GE Power India said. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 5 January 2017. Chartered Logistics advanced 1.26% after net profit rose 49.6% to Rs 4.10 crore on 3.2% decline in net sales to Rs 38.20 crore in Q3 December 2016 over Q3 December 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 5 January 2017. Overseas, most Asian stocks were trading higher today, 6 January 2017. China's Shanghai Composite was down 0.21%. Japan's Nikkei 225 fell 0.34%. In US, the tech-heavy Nasdaq closed at a record yesterday, 5 January 2017, as the broader stock market finished lower, dragged down by a steep slide in the financial sector and major retailers. Mixed data on jobs also raised concerns a day before the closely watched December employment report due today, 6 January 2017. In US, the private sector added 153,000 jobs in December, according to ADP, a rate that was below forecasts, while first-time jobless claims fell 28,000 in the latest week, dropping to a nearly 43-year low. Separately, a reading on the US services sector held steady at a 12-month high in December, suggesting growth in non-manufacturing activity, mainly the service sector, remains strong. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Take Two News and culture through the lens of Southern California. Hosted by Alex Cohen & A Martínez 89.3 KPCC Listen Live News Programs Events Support Us About Us KPCC on Twitter KPCC on Facebook KPCC on Google+ Search KPCC Donate Now Show Nav 89.3 KPCC Close Listen Live News Programs Events Support Us About Us Follow KPCC KPCC on Twitter KPCC on Facebook KPCC on Google+ 89.3 KPCC Close Search: Current VA Secretary McDonald: I'd 'undoubtedly' stay if Trump asked by Austin Cross and A Martínez | Take Two FILE - In this Feb. 25, 2016, file photo, Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald speaks in Washington. Two years after a scandal over long wait times for veterans seeking health care, the Department of Veterans Affairs still has "profound deficiencies" in delivering health care to millions of veterans, a congressional commission says in a new report. The Commission on Care says in a report to be released July 6 that the VA delivers high-quality health care but is inconsistent from one site to the next, and problems with access remain. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File) Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Listen to this story 9 min 16 sec Share Share via Emailemail Share on Twitter Share on Facebook President-elect Donald Trump has yet to choose a replacement to run one the biggest bureaucracies in the world: The Department of Veterans Affairs. It's one of his last cabinet positions left to fill, though not for lack of trying. The current secretary, Robert McDonald, was installed by President Obama in 2014 to fix a department riddled with scandal.  To an outside observer, McDonald would seem like the ideal pick for businessman-turned-President-elect Trump: McDonald is a veteran, a Republican and former head of corporate giant Proctor & Gamble. In addition, several of the nation's largest veterans groups have written to the Trump camp strongly advising him to keep McDonald at the helm.  But the secretary told Take Two Thursday that he'd yet to hear from Trump.  "I'm sure if I were asked — while I've not discussed it with my family — we would certainly consider it and undoubtedly do it," Secretary McDonald told Take Two's A Martinez.  Highlights We're talking to you at a major turning point for the VA. President-elect Donald Trump has interviewed several potential candidates to take over as secretary: the president-elect has also faced pressure from some of the nation's largest veteran's groups to keep you in place. If you were asked, would you stay on?  Well, I've always done my duty. As you know, I went to West Point and 'Duty, Honor, Country,' means a lot to me, so I'm sure if I were asked, while I've not discussed it with my family, we would certainly consider it and undoubtedly do it. But I've not received a call from the President-elect.  (Follow-up questions can be heard in the audio above) We spoke to you on this program last January when you were in Los Angeles addressing veteran homelessness. There were about 2,500 homeless vets in the city, and you'd JUST unveiled plans to develop the VA campus in West Los Angeles. One year later, how would you describe veteran homelessness in Los Angeles?  I would say that we're making progress, but we're not at the end of the road yet. As you may know, from that count last January, we discovered that we decreased veteran homelessness in Los Angeles in 2015 by 32 percent while general population homelessness went up over 6 percent, so that was a 38 percentage point reduction.  We're pleased with that, but obviously, any night that we have any veteran on the street without shelter, without care, that's one night too many — one veteran too many. That's why I'm here. That's why I'm working with Mayor Garcetti and the county and others to get the number down to zero.  Three states have announced an effective end to veteran homelessness since you took control of the department in 2014: Connecticut, Delaware, and Virginia. But in an op-ed you penned Tuesday, you said your "greatest challenge" as Secretary of the VA has been the City of Los Angeles. What about LA has made putting an end to veteran homelessness particularly difficult? I think the challenge in L.A. is one of all the great reasons that people love to live here: the weather. When I do my count at the end of January each year here in L.A., I see license plates of homeless veterans from all over the country. Secondly, the scale here is just so large. The third thing is the affordability of housing. It's not unique to Los Angeles, but obviously, there's not a lot of low-cost housing here, so we need creative solutions.  Last night, I had dinner with a developer who's looking at buying a defunct hotel and turning it into low-cost residences for veterans. We need those kinds of creative solutions. Donald Trump has pushed for veterans to have a choice over where they get their care, but some analysts say that further steps toward privatization could erode the VA. Press the blue play button above to hear the Secretary's thoughts.  (Answers have been edited for clarity and brevity.) You care about today's news.And you're not alone. Join others who support independent journalism. Give to KPCC More from this episode Take Two for January 05, 2017 U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs on LA's homeless veterans, voices on homeless families Broke: Why more California families are becoming homeless What's our best bet for breaking the cycle of family homelessness? VA Secretary McDonald: I'd 'undoubtedly' stay if Trump asked 4 things to know about this week's storms State budget preview, a look ahead to Inauguration Day, and 2018 fundraising Court documents reveal foiled sting operation on Lunada Bay Boys It can be hard to give away money to buy fruit and vegetables Universal love: Theme park attendance booms in January Share Share via Emailemail Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Comments Join the discussion Become a KPCC Sponsor Recently on Take Two Court documents reveal foiled sting operation on Lunada Bay Boys 4 things to know about this week's storms VA Secretary McDonald: I'd 'undoubtedly' stay if Trump asked About Take Two Take Two, exclusively on 89.3 KPCC, 89.1 KUOR and 90.3 KVLA in southern California, and on 88.9 KNPR in Las Vegas, captures the spirit of the West in a conversational, informal, witty style and examines the cultural issues people are buzzing about. Airs Weekdays 9 to 11 a.m. Facebook Podcast RSS Email Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Become a KPCC Sponsor Enjoy Take Two? Try KPCC’s other programs. AirTalk With Larry Mantle Weekdays 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Lively and in-depth discussions of city news, politics, science, entertainment, the arts, and more. Latest Jan. 13 The Justice Dept launches investigation over Clinton emails, what all this rain means for the drought & TGI-FilmWeek! FilmWeek With Larry Mantle Friday noon-1 p.m. Reviews of the week's new movies, interviews with filmmakers, and discussion. Latest Jan. 13 FilmWeek: ‘Bye Bye Man,’ ‘Sleepless,’ ‘The Ardennes’ and more, plus the backlash against ‘La La Land’ after the Golden Globes Off-Ramp With John Rabe Saturday Noon to 1 p.m. and Sunday 6 to 7 p.m. A weekly look at SoCal life covering news, arts and culture, and more. Latest Jan. 14 Goodbye to the Pink Lady and The Formosa; hello 8-Bit music and Joshua Tree The Frame With John Horn Weekdays at 3:30 p.m. Movies, music, TV, arts and entertainment, straight from Southern California. Latest Jan. 13 Actor Andrew Garfield; editor William Goldenberg; Getty exhibit views the news See all of our programs What's popular now on KPCC Rose Parade 2017: The route, parking, transportation and more Binge on the best of 2016: 10 series to see Who killed LA's streetcars, according to 'Who Framed Roger Rabbit?' Actress Debbie Reynolds, 84, dies a day after daughter Play Pause     Download audio file Mute Unmute Stop and Close KPCC's coverage is a Southern California resource provided by member-supported public radio. We can't do it without you. Your contributions power KPCC. Give today. 89.3 KPCC 89.3 KPCC 89.1 KUOR 90.3 KVLA Support the voices you trust! Pledge Now Sections Local US & World Politics Science Arts & Entertainment Business Crime & Justice Education Health Archive Programs Take Two AirTalk Off-Ramp The Frame Programs A–Z Program Schedule Program Archive Events KPCC In Person Sponsored Events Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Google Plus Newsletters RSS Podcasts Get our new KPCC for iPad app. About About KPCC Staff Contact Us Help / FAQ Feedback Careers @ KPCC 89.3 KPCC Southern California Public Radio 474 S. Raymond Ave. Pasadena, CA 91105 Call in: 866-893-5722 Our Partners American Public Media National Public Radio BBC Public Radio International NBC 4 Pasadena City College Terms & Conditions Privacy Feedback © 2017 Southern California Public Radio
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Sustainable Brands Welcomes Senior Director to Corporate Membership Team SOURCE: Sustainable Brands DESCRIPTION: SAN FRANCISCO, January 5, 2017 /3BL Media/ – Sustainable Brands® announced today that Darren Beck has joined the company’s leadership team as Senior Director of Corporate Membership to further develop and enhance the growing SB Corporate Member Network. Darren comes with a wealth of experience in sustainability, CSR and social impact, having spent 15 years with Sprint, most recently as the Director of Environmental Initiatives. Darren currently serves on the Advisory Board for StartupNectar, an incubator and accelerator that works with early-stage, biomimicry-based ventures, and was previously the Board President of the Wildwood Outdoor Education Center, an organization that connects at-risk, urban youth with nature. Darren has also written e-books to help businesses and consumers find affordable, technology solutions for operating and living more sustainably. The Sustainable Brands Corporate Member Network is the leading peer-to-peer, learning and networking group designed to help global brand leaders across market sectors effectively leverage environmental and social innovation to build new business and brand value and ultimately become leaders of the next economy. Corporate Members include Target, Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Disney, Mattel, Estee Lauder, REI, UPS, HSBC and many others. Darren comments, “I’m excited to be joining an organization that I’ve admired for years. As a former member, I know first-hand the value Sustainable Brands can bring to companies that are seeking a better future for their business and the world. I look forward to working with our members, and other courageous optimists, to help them create a more prosperous, equitable and sustainable economy.” “Darren’s wealth of experience and industry knowledge make him a key addition to the Sustainable Brands leadership team,” states KoAnn Vikoren Skrzyniarz, founder and Chief Executive of Sustainable Brands. “In a world where trust in governments’ ability to solve our social and environmental challenges is low, the desire and expectation among consumers worldwide that business play a key role in helping lead the way to a flourishing future is becoming more pronounced. This changing landscape creates both risk and opportunity for brands.  Darren is well equipped to help Sustainable Brands and our Corporate Members accelerate the learning and collaboration that is already taking place within this important and growing network.” About Sustainable Brands Sustainable Brands® is the premier global community of brand innovators who are shaping the future of commerce worldwide. Since 2006, our mission has been to inspire, engage and equip today’s business and brand leaders to prosper for the near and long term by leading the way to a better future. Digitally published news articles and issues-focused conversation topics, internationally known conferences and regional events, a robust e-learning library and peer-to-peer membership groups all facilitate community learning and engagement throughout the year. Sustainable Brands is a division of Sustainable Life Media headquartered in San Francisco, CA. Tweet me: New @SustainBrands leadership team member announced: http://bit.ly/2iN8uft #leadership #susty #csr KEYWORDS: Awards & Recognition, Business & Trade, sustainable brands, Sustainable Brands Corporate Member Network, Darren Beck, Corporate Membership, sustainability Tagscompany, division, engage Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Centennial Resource Development to Participate in the Goldman Sachs Global Energy Conference Next PostNext Entellus Medical Announces Management Promotions and Preliminary Revenue for Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 圣路易斯华盛顿大学将举办老龄化问题大型论坛；在上海举行的论坛将聚集大中华区大学研究合作伙伴，讨论应对前所未有的全球性社会挑战 16 January 2017 聖路易斯華盛頓大學將舉辦高齡化問題大型論壇；在上海舉行的論壇將聚集大中華區大學研究合作夥伴，討論因應前所未有的全球性社會挑戰 16 January 2017 RFI Studios wins Digital Retainer from Porsche Carrera Cup Asia 16 January 2017 MYANMAR ELECTRICITY: MiTA Myanmar Electricity Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Second Range Crossing project brings long-term benefits to Toowoomba 16 January 2017 Why Match Group Inc Stock Jumped 26% Last Year 16 January 2017 Apple Inc. Supplier Readying for Ramp-Up of New 10-Nanometer Tech 16 January 2017 Bank of Marin's Free Checking Means Higher Profits 16 January 2017 Another Reason for Fiat Chrysler Investors to Worry About Diesels 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Sustainable Brands Welcomes Senior Director to Corporate Membership Team Sustainable Brands Welcomes Senior Director to Corporate Membership Team Posted on January 5, 2017 by CSRwire Press Releases, Events and Reports in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer  Sustainable Brands® announced today that Darren Beck has joined the company’s leadership team as Senior Director of Corporate Membership to further develop and enhance the growing SB Corporate Member Network. Darren comes with a wealth of experience in sustainability, CSR and social impact, having spent 15 years with Sprint, most recently as the Director of Environmental Initiatives. Darren currently serves on the Advisory Board for StartupNectar, an incubator and accelerator that works with early-stage, biomimicry-based ventures, and was previously the Board President of the Wildwood Outdoor Education Center, an organization that connects at-risk, urban youth with nature. Darren has also written e-books to help businesses and consumers find affordable, technology solutions for operating and living more sustainably. The Sustainable Brands Corporate Member Network is the leading peer-to-peer, learning and networking group designed to help global brand leaders across market sectors effectively leverage environmental and social innovation to build new business and brand value and ultimately become leaders of the next economy. Corporate Members include Target, Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Disney, Mattel, Estee Lauder, REI, UPS, HSBC and many others. Darren comments, “I’m excited to be joining an organization that I’ve admired for years. As a former member, I know first-hand the value Sustainable Brands can bring to companies that are seeking a better future for their business and the world. I look forward to working with our members, and other courageous optimists, to help them create a more prosperous, equitable and sustainable economy.”  “Darren’s wealth of experience and industry knowledge make him a key addition to the Sustainable Brands leadership team,” states KoAnn Vikoren Skrzyniarz, founder and Chief Executive of Sustainable Brands. “In a world where trust in governments’ ability to solve our social and environmental challenges is low, the desire and expectation among consumers worldwide that business play a key role in helping lead the way to a flourishing future is becoming more pronounced. This changing landscape creates both risk and opportunity for brands.  Darren is well equipped to help Sustainable Brands and our Corporate Members accelerate the learning and collaboration that is already taking place within this important and growing network.”    About Sustainable Brands Sustainable Brands® is the premier global community of brand innovators who are shaping the future of commerce worldwide. Since 2006, our mission has been to inspire, engage and equip today’s business and brand leaders to prosper for the near and long term by leading the way to a better future. Digitally published news articles and issues-focused conversation topics, internationally known conferences and regional events, a robust e-learning library and peer-to-peer membership groups all facilitate community learning and engagement throughout the year. Sustainable Brands is a division of Sustainable Life Media headquartered in San Francisco, CA. Latest News Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution Tyson Ferraro Joins the Control Solutions Team as the Director of Marketing Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Energy & Resources Marketing Law Property Report Home» Report on Business» Industry News» Marketing Ryan Ma’s fake dental floss container stickers landed him in hot water with Procter & Gamble thanks to their similarities to Oral-B and Glide branding. (AL BEHRMAN/AP) Ryan Ma’s fake dental floss container stickers landed him in hot water with Procter & Gamble thanks to their similarities to Oral-B and Glide branding. (AL BEHRMAN/AP) Trademark protection lands Etsy seller in trouble with Procter & Gamble Add to ... Susan Krashinsky Robertson - MARKETING REPORTER The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, Jan. 05, 2017 5:16PM EST Last updated Thursday, Jan. 05, 2017 5:18PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Ryan Ma’s business operation is so small that he has been hand-addressing all the envelopes he bought at Wal-Mart to send his product to customers. But in the age of online commerce, it was still big enough to attract the ire of Procter & Gamble Co. Mr. Ma had been noticing the criticism of Apple Inc.’s new wireless ear buds – called AirPods – which will likely be a growing product in the new year, as Apple’s new phones come without a headphone jack. Among the criticisms were that the small, untethered buds would be easy to lose or steal, with some noting that their case looks like a packet of dental floss. Mr. Ma decided that making them actually look like dental floss might be a theft deterrent. So on Sunday, he designed a sticker to place on the packet to do just that, and put it up for sale on Etsy. The idea quickly received coverage on news websites such as Gizmodo.com. “It kind of blew up from there,” he said. The problem was that he had used real designs as his inspiration, and the sticker looked a lot like P&G’s Oral-B brand of dental floss, called Glide. Mr. Ma’s sticker listed “Oral O” and “Glides” as its brand names, and borrowed the blue-and-white colouring and font style of P&G’s labels. On Wednesday, Mr. Ma received a message from Etsy saying that his listing had been deactivated following a trademark infringement notice from “Procter & Gamble Business Services Canada Company.” “I freaked out a bit,” Mr. Ma said. He revamped the sticker and renamed it “Flossy,” and reposted the listing. (P&G did not reply to a request for comment.) “I didn’t think it would take off, it was just sort of a joke,” Mr. Ma said, explaining that he had only ordered 250 stickers printed . The case raises an interesting question about trademark protection. It does not actually matter that the purpose here was not to use the brand to undercut P&G and sell floss, or that Mr. Ma’s fledgling business is tiny – the fact that the label was clearly based on P&G’s design would be enough to raise concerns. “This happens every day,” said Eric Macramalla, a partner at Gowling WLG in Ottawa who focuses on intellectual property law. “If trademark owners don’t protect their trademarks, then the strength of your trademark gets diluted … and ultimately, they may altogether lose the ability to effectively enforce their rights against other parties. So while big brand owners may be seen as the bad guy when they go after the little guy, it is important that they do so.” Report Typo/Error Follow Susan Krashinsky Robertson on Twitter: @susinsky Also on The Globe and Mail Etsy to launch crowdfunding platform to help artisans finance production (BNN Video)   PG-NProcter & Gamble Co Latest Price$84.01 +0.17 (+0.20%) Updated January 13 4:01 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Surprise twist: Rubik’s Cube loses EU trademark spat over its shape North Face owner settles gear dispute with Canadian Olympic Committee U.S. Supreme Court rules for Samsung in smartphone fight with Apple Topics Procter & Gamble Company Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch Globe Drive Subaru's rally-inspired STI is a blast despite challenges to the throne News Mad cow disease confirmed in Alberta beef cow ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret Ontario universities pressed to show value, demand for graduate degrees How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Log In | Become a Member | Contact Us Labels & Packaging News, Analysis & Video Connect on Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn Home Economics Wide Format Labels & Packaging Print Software Data Analysis Webinars White Papers Jobs News Video Commentary & Analysis Bemis Company catches errors in packaging files quickly and easily with Esko Thursday, January 05, 2017 Press release from the issuing company Complete, automated system utilizing text, image, spell, Braille and barcode checks assures files match the customer's approved artwork Miamisburg, OH - Missing a graphic element or printing incorrect text on packaging can be extremely costly for the printer or converter. The ultimate cost could be a product recall, with extremely expensive product costs and, more importantly, damage to the brand itself. However, the manual proofing process can be time consuming and inconsistent—and can result in a review process that can miscommunicate edits, resulting in errors. Esko (www.esko.com) is pleased to announce that Bemis Company Inc. (Bemis) reports improvements thanks to the implementation of one of first automated quality control processes in the packaging market. Through a combined partnership with Esko and Global Vision (www.globalvisioninc.com/), Global Vision quality control tools have been embedded within Automation Engine. Using Global Vision functionality, Bemis is able to conduct automatic quality control checks on packaging artwork for text, artwork, spelling, braille, and barcodes.  Headquartered in Neenah, Wisconsin, Bemis Company Inc. has played an influential role in the packaging industry ever since its founding in 1858. Now the largest flexible packaging company in the Americas, Bemis serves customers worldwide and their products are found in virtually every aisle of the grocery store. With 61 facilities in 12 countries worldwide, they offer unmatched size and scope. Bemis combines dedication to advances in material science with world-class manufacturing capabilities and quality customer service, creating a competitive advantage in the global marketplace. Over 70 percent of its products are used in food and consumer goods markets serving a wide variety of companies such as Kraft Heinz, Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, Hormel, Boston Scientific and General Mills. Other markets include agribusiness, medical devices, and pharmaceutical applications. In their prepress department, Bemis Graphics in New London, WI originally proofed files like everyone else, visually comparing files to proofs. Eventually they moved to Automation Engine tools, using Viewer Compare, which places two files on top of one another and highlights the differences. It worked well, but they wanted to find an even more automated solution that would save operator time and be less error-prone.  "Like any company, we would miss things. It could be anything from copying text incorrectly and misspelling a word, to nudging a logo and inadvertently dropping something off the artwork. Unfortunately, there were times when we would print something incorrectly," remembers Jeff Hochhausen, Bemis Graphics Production Manager. "While we had been using Esko tools for decades, we learned about Global Vision when we were tasked to compare printed jobs back to the proofs for details like the correct plates, proofs, color and copy. Things can get missed there," remembers Hochhausen. "From an overall business standpoint, Global Vision's ScanProof, where we scan a press sample and compare it to a visual PDF, worked perfectly for us. Then we wondered, 'Why not build this feature into our workflow?' Global Vision had a server-based option where we could drop two files into a hot folder—the scan and the Automation Engine-generated PDF file. We were looking to automate the process to add speed. Certainly, an automated system is faster and more accurate than what a person can do."  "I spoke with Esko during EskoWorld and wondered if they could integrate Global Vision tools into Automation Engine," recollects Hochhausen. "The next year they brought us a beta solution and asked us to test it out." Bemis has been using Global Vision tools and Automation Engine together since the beginning of 2016.  Pretty much after every file iteration, Bemis conducts a compare or file check. They check all the graphics elements and text, along with barcodes, comparing them back to the art file. As they build the art, they conduct a spell and barcode check after Esko normalizes the PDF file. Then they will compare the file to the original art files to see if anything has changed. When they add traps and assemble high-resolution images, they will perform another comparison to the previous PDF file. "Even after we export the file to Esko Plato for step & repeat, we will compare the files again," explains Hochhausen. "We will check the previous one-up to each of the fully stepped files. You never know when something might have happened to even just a couple of the stepped files. We know that if we used this process last year, we would have caught eight errors. It is hard to catch them manually."  Bemis could always conduct their spell checks in Adobe Illustrator, but the library in every workstation has to be changed if they add new words; for example new ingredients. "By implementing the spell check within Automation Engine, we only have one library," comments Hochhausen. "Now, when words or ingredients are added to the library, everyone has the change instantly. We can also guarantee that our artists are running the spell check, because it is automatically triggered by Automation Engine. Before, we couldn't be sure." "What I like most is the speed we can get along with the confidence that nothing has changed—other than those elements that the client has requested. I would say tasks like the barcode check, alone, saves us ten minutes per job. Before we were checking the print and scanning the proof. We were walking away from the desk to scan the proof and manually check the barcode. Now it is done automatically," adds Hochhausen. Management is very interested in the system's ROI. "The system certainly saves time on artwork. We also hope that, once we update to Esko Software Platform 16, we will be able to collect and pull out XML data that will show us how many errors have been caught," remarks Hochhausen. "It is easy to do with Automation Engine, Automation Engine Connect, and the MIS. That could be very valuable." One of the nice surprises is that Bemis has found other ways to use Global Vision tools. "For example, in our order entry process, we create orders like anyone else and generate a PDF file from it. If someone else touches the order and adds something unwanted, we can detect those changes in the order," says Hochhausen.  "Ultimately, we'd like to be able to skip all the other steps and compare the customer's approved PDF file directly with the 1-bit LEN files. All we really have to do is to assure that the final output matches what the customer approves," says Hochhausen. "The system works really well for us and it has eliminated errors and sped up our quality control process.       Tweet       Email    Print    Order Reprints   Post a Comment To post a comment Log In or Become a Member, doing so is simple and free   Industry News First Canadian Installation of Kodak NexPress ZX Digital Production Colour Press at Advocate Printing Canon’s Continued Innovation Earns Company Position Among Top Three U.S. Patent Holder Companies  Ricoh Engagement Marketing Executive Symposium fosters conversations on print’s role in an omnichannel world Brandtjen & Kluge appoints new Director of Sales - Latin America and Senior Advisor Coating Solutions FLYERALARM Invests in Kornit Allegro Press Kao Collins Launches New “Ink Tank” to showcase Innovative Inking  GK Vale Targets Indian Online Market with Taopix Photo Commerce Platform All Today's Industry News » SHARE Email Tweet Print Label & Packaging Editor Patrick Henry, Section Editor Pat has covered graphic communications for nearly 30 years as a reporter, an editor, and a commentator. Labels and Packaging Video Making Packages Interactive and Informative How KBA Is Surrounding the Packaging Market with Solutions New from PCMC: CI Flexography in a Compact Format Flexo Plates Designed for Clean Transfer, Reduced Press Stops What’s the Story? Ask a Package WhatTheyThink Job Board Production Assistant at Rescigno's in Bridgeview, IL Technical Sales at Splice Solutions Inc. in Mid West Assistant Professor at California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California Software Sales Manager at IQ in North America Software Sales Representative at Aleyant in Wheaton, IL View More Jobs Recent Blog Posts Customer Experience 2.0 (Digital Nirvana) 25 Tips for Successful Content Marketing (Digital Nirvana) Unemployment Rate Steady at 6.3%; Data Imply Stabilizing Labor Market (Dr. Joe) What is Responsive Web Design? (Digital Nirvana) Digital Print Quality Issue: Punch, Counterpunch (Digital Nirvana) Are Younger Designers Unaware of Local Printing and Support? (Digital Nirvana) More »   Recent Webinars December Economic Update: 2017 US Economy Outlook and Commercial Printing Forecast Post-Election Economic Webinar Tricks of the Trade in Workflow Automation October 2016 Printing Industry Economic Update More Webinars » Become a Member Join the thousands of printing executives who are already part of the WhatTheyThink Community. Log in or register to access your WhatTheyThink Account Help & Member Center Contact Us Member Center About About WhatTheyThink Syndication and News Licensing Reprints Sponsorship Submit Your News Privacy Policy Terms WhatTheyThink Services Consulting Research Speakers Bureau Economic Advisory Service Corporate Membership   Copyright © 2017 WhatTheyThink. All Rights Reserved    
Log In | Become a Member | Contact Us Leading printing executives into the future Connect on Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn Home Economics Wide Format Labels & Packaging Print Software Webinars White Papers Report Store Jobs News Commentary & Analysis Data Analysis Video Center Merger & Acquisitions Featured:     January Economic Webinar     Printing Business Outlook 2017 Report     European Coverage     Production Inkjet Analysis Cenveo Announces Appointment of New Director and Full Compliance with NYSE Listing Standards Thursday, January 05, 2017 Press release from the issuing company STAMFORD, CT – Cenveo, Inc. (NYSE: CVO) (the “Company”) announced today that James Moorhead has joined its board of directors effective immediately. Mr. Moorhead is currently the Chief Marketing Officer at Metromile, a leader in pay-per-mile car insurance, where he is responsible for all marketing efforts. Prior to that, James spent three years at Dish Network as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and served on their executive leadership team. Previously, Mr. Moorhead spent 11 years with Procter & Gamble in senior marketing roles working with healthcare and grooming brands like Prilosec OTC, Vicks, Gillette and Old Spice. Mr. Moorhead will qualify as an independent director under all applicable standards and will participate in standard independent director compensation programs. In addition, Mr. Moorhead will enter into the Company’s standard indemnification agreement. Lastly, no arrangement or understanding exists between Mr. Moorhead and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as a director of the Company. Mr. Moorhead will serve on the Audit and Nominating & Governance Committees. Robert G. Burton, Sr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated: “I am pleased to announce the appointment of James as Director of the Company. James brings a wealth of experience in operating complex businesses and his track record of increasing sales as well as his industry knowledge will benefit Cenveo and our customers tremendously. James brings a unique perspective to the board and I want to personally welcome him to our team.” Cenveo also reported that it has received formal notification from the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") that the Company is back in full compliance under the NYSE's continued listing standards and has been removed from its "Watch List." The reinstatement to full compliance is a result of the Company's consistently positive performance and execution of its business plan as submitted to the NYSE and the Company’s compliance with the NYSE's minimum market capitalization standard.      Tweet       Email    Print    Order Reprints   Post a Comment To post a comment Log In or Become a Member, doing so is simple and free   Industry News First Canadian Installation of Kodak NexPress ZX Digital Production Colour Press at Advocate Printing Canon’s Continued Innovation Earns Company Position Among Top Three U.S. Patent Holder Companies  Ricoh Engagement Marketing Executive Symposium fosters conversations on print’s role in an omnichannel world Brandtjen & Kluge appoints new Director of Sales - Latin America and Senior Advisor Coating Solutions FLYERALARM Invests in Kornit Allegro Press Kao Collins Launches New “Ink Tank” to showcase Innovative Inking  GK Vale Targets Indian Online Market with Taopix Photo Commerce Platform All Today's Industry News » SHARE Email Tweet Print Video Frank Looks Back at Early Variable Data Printing Change Management in Print MIS The Impact of Production Inkjet on Thomson Reuters Core Publishing Solutions Packaging Prepress: Gold Standard for Product Presentation How PIA and Idealliance Collaborate for the Benefit of the Industry A "Changed and Augmented" Medium for the 21st Century More Video » WhatTheyThink Job Board Production Assistant at Rescigno's in Bridgeview, IL Technical Sales at Splice Solutions Inc. in Mid West Assistant Professor at California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California Software Sales Manager at IQ in North America Software Sales Representative at Aleyant in Wheaton, IL View More Jobs Recent Blog Posts Customer Experience 2.0 (Digital Nirvana) 25 Tips for Successful Content Marketing (Digital Nirvana) Unemployment Rate Steady at 6.3%; Data Imply Stabilizing Labor Market (Dr. Joe) What is Responsive Web Design? (Digital Nirvana) Digital Print Quality Issue: Punch, Counterpunch (Digital Nirvana) Are Younger Designers Unaware of Local Printing and Support? (Digital Nirvana) More » Recent Webinars December Economic Update: 2017 US Economy Outlook and Commercial Printing Forecast Post-Election Economic Webinar Tricks of the Trade in Workflow Automation October 2016 Printing Industry Economic Update More Webinars » Become a Member Join the thousands of printing executives who are already part of the WhatTheyThink Community. Log in or register to access your WhatTheyThink Account Help & Member Center Contact Us Member Center About About WhatTheyThink Syndication and News Licensing Reprints Sponsorship Submit Your News Privacy Policy Terms WhatTheyThink Services Consulting Research Speakers Bureau Economic Advisory Service Corporate Membership   Copyright © 2017 WhatTheyThink. All Rights Reserved    
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Mon,  16 January 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 7.40   0.60 8.82%   1STPRIMFMF 14.40   -0.40 -2.70%   AAMRATECH 34.70   0.70 2.06%   ABB1STMF 7.00   0.20 2.94%   ABBANK 23.40   1.10 4.93%   ACI   6.70   ACIFORMULA 166.50   5.50 3.42%   ACMELAB 112.20   7.50 7.16%   ACTIVEFINE 46.80   2.40 5.41%   AFCAGRO 54.80   1.40 2.62%   AFTABAUTO 64.30   -0.90 -1.38%   AGNISYSL 24.20   0.00 0.00%   AGRANINS 25.90   0.50 1.97%   AIBL1STIMF 8.40   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 96.30   -1.40 -1.43%   ALARABANK 16.90   0.60 3.68%   ALLTEX 14.30   0.00 0.00%   AMANFEED 75.60   -1.80 -2.33%   AMBEEPHA 403.00   -13.50 -3.24%   AMCL(PRAN) 218.60   2.20 1.02%   ANLIMAYARN 32.20   -0.20 -0.62%   ANWARGALV 75.50   1.20 1.62%   APEXFOODS 146.90   -0.20 -0.14%   APEXFOOT 348.00   -4.10 -1.16%   APEXSPINN 111.00   -2.20 -1.94%   APEXTANRY 145.30   -1.80 -1.22%   APOLOISPAT 23.80   1.10 4.85%   ARAMIT 379.00   -0.60 -0.16%   ARAMITCEM 42.70   0.90 2.15%   ARGONDENIM 36.90   -0.10 -0.27%   ASIAINS 22.00   -0.20 -0.90%   ASIAPACINS 21.10   0.10 0.48%   ATCSLGF 10.90   0.40 3.81%   ATLASBANG 131.90   4.80 3.78%   AZIZPIPES 65.10   -0.60 -0.91%   BANGAS 135.00   -0.20 -0.15%   BANKASIA 19.00   0.40 2.15%   BARKAPOWER 40.10   2.60 6.93%   BATASHOE 1144.20   -4.90 -0.43%   BATBC   -21.20   BAYLEASING 24.70   0.00 0.00%   BBS   1.80   BDAUTOCA 97.70   8.80 9.90%   BDCOM   0.40   BDFINANCE 16.30   -0.40 -2.40%   BDLAMPS 182.60   -2.70 -1.46%   BDTHAI 31.50   0.50 1.61%   BDWELDING 12.60   -0.20 -1.56%   BEACHHATCH 12.60   0.20 1.61%   BEACONPHAR 25.30   0.40 1.61%   BENGALWTL 48.90   0.30 0.62%   BERGERPBL 2300.00   8.00 0.35%   BEXIMCO 37.40   3.00 8.72%   BGIC   0.60   BIFC   0.20   BNICL   1.00   BRACBANK 64.60   -1.10 -1.67%   BSC   20.90   BSCCL   0.90   BSRMLTD 140.60   0.70 0.50%   BSRMSTEEL 99.20   0.90 0.92%   BXPHARMA 86.20   1.40 1.65%   BXSYNTH 10.20   0.20 2.00%   CAPMBDBLMF 14.00   2.70 23.89%   CENTRALINS 23.70   0.70 3.04%   CENTRALPHL 23.50   1.20 5.38%   CITYBANK 28.60   0.80 2.88%   CITYGENINS 19.20   0.20 1.05%   CMCKAMAL 23.30   0.00 0.00%   CNATEX 11.80   0.30 2.61%   CONFIDCEM 132.80   0.10 0.08%   CONTININS 23.80   1.30 5.78%   CVOPRL 209.80   -1.60 -0.76%   DACCADYE 9.10   0.20 2.25%   DAFODILCOM 43.00   3.70 9.41%   DBH   -1.80   DBH1STMF 8.60   0.70 8.86%   DELTALIFE 122.00   5.60 4.81%   DELTASPINN 11.30   -0.10 -0.88%   DESCO   -1.70   DESHBANDHU 12.70   0.30 2.42%   DHAKABANK 20.30   0.90 4.64%   DHAKAINS 24.20   -0.50 -2.02%   DOREENPWR 110.70   -2.60 -2.29%   DSHGARME 304.50   -10.10 -3.21%   DSSL   1.30   DULAMIACOT 10.00   -0.20 -1.96%   DUTCHBANGL 118.00   1.80 1.55%   EASTERNINS 31.00   1.10 3.68%   EASTLAND 24.70   0.00 0.00%   EASTRNLUB 1219.90   -20.30 -1.64%   EBL   0.70   EBL1STMF 7.60   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 7.60   0.30 4.11%   ECABLES 148.70   -2.80 -1.85%   EHL   -0.90   EMERALDOIL 39.10   0.00 0.00%   ENVOYTEX 40.70   0.90 2.26%   ETL   1.50   EXIM1STMF 9.00   0.30 3.45%   EXIMBANK 12.40   0.30 2.48%   FAMILYTEX 10.00   0.10 1.01%   FARCHEM 27.20   0.70 2.64%   FAREASTFIN 13.00   0.30 2.36%   FAREASTLIF 76.30   0.20 0.26%   FASFIN 13.90   -0.20 -1.42%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 14.60   0.20 1.39%   FEKDIL 33.20   -0.40 -1.19%   FINEFOODS 25.50   2.30 9.91%   FIRSTFIN 10.30   0.20 1.98%   FIRSTSBANK 14.00   0.10 0.72%   FORTUNE 51.50   -0.10 -0.19%   FUWANGCER 19.00   0.30 1.60%   FUWANGFOOD 15.80   0.00 0.00%   GBBPOWER 25.10   1.40 5.91%   GEMINISEA 763.00   -8.60 -1.11%   GENNEXT 10.50   0.20 1.94%   GHAIL   -0.10   GHCL   0.60   GLAXOSMITH 1558.10   -13.90 -0.88%   GLOBALINS 21.00   1.30 6.60%   GOLDENSON 22.50   -0.10 -0.44%   GP   -3.50   GPHISPAT 43.20   3.90 9.92%   GQBALLPEN 81.20   -0.50 -0.61%   GRAMEENS2 14.00   0.40 2.94%   GREENDELMF 8.20   0.20 2.50%   GREENDELT 62.90   3.20 5.36%   GSPFINANCE 24.40   0.30 1.24%   HAKKANIPUL 51.50   -0.60 -1.15%   HEIDELBCEM 564.50   5.60 1.00%   HFL   0.30   HRTEX   -0.30   HWAWELLTEX 40.30   0.80 2.03%   IBBLPBOND 990.00   5.50 0.56%   IBNSINA 204.50   -1.50 -0.73%   ICB   -0.70   ICB1STNRB 24.00   0.10 0.42%   ICB2NDNRB 10.50   0.70 7.14%   ICB3RDNRB 7.30   0.30 4.29%   ICBAMCL2ND 7.50   0.60 8.70%   ICBEPMF1S1 7.80   0.40 5.41%   ICBIBANK 5.00   0.10 2.04%   ICBSONALI1 7.90   0.70 9.72%   IDLC   0.10   IFADAUTOS 121.00   0.50 0.41%   IFIC   0.50   IFIC1STMF 7.30   0.60 8.96%   IFILISLMF1 8.20   0.50 6.49%   ILFSL   0.50   IMAMBUTTON 18.90   0.60 3.28%   INTECH 15.30   -0.20 -1.29%   IPDC   0.20   ISLAMIBANK 32.80   1.40 4.46%   ISLAMICFIN 19.30   -0.10 -0.52%   ISLAMIINS 23.50   0.80 3.52%   ISNLTD 14.50   -0.20 -1.36%   ITC   0.90   JAMUNABANK 17.40   1.50 9.43%   JAMUNAOIL 194.30   1.20 0.62%   JANATAINS 16.30   0.40 2.52%   JMISMDL 177.90   2.10 1.19%   JUTESPINN 61.50   1.00 1.65%   KARNAPHULI 18.00   0.50 2.86%   KAY&QUE 46.50   2.90 6.65%   KBPPWBIL 23.50   1.10 4.91%   KDSALTD 84.30   -1.10 -1.29%   KEYACOSMET 14.10   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 387.00   -8.70 -2.20%   KPCL   2.00   KPPL   -0.20   LAFSURCEML 81.30   -0.40 -0.49%   LANKABAFIN 42.80   1.70 4.14%   LEGACYFOOT 23.40   0.10 0.43%   LIBRAINFU 488.00   -8.30 -1.67%   LINDEBD 1321.00   -6.30 -0.47%   LRGLOBMF1 7.70   0.20 2.67%   MAKSONSPIN 9.20   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 20.70   -0.40 -1.90%   MARICO 1028.00   7.00 0.69%   MATINSPINN 40.50   0.30 0.75%   MBL1STMF 8.40   0.40 5.00%   MEGCONMILK 11.10   -0.20 -1.77%   MEGHNACEM 112.10   0.60 0.54%   MEGHNALIFE 68.00   1.40 2.10%   MEGHNAPET 9.70   0.60 6.59%   MERCANBANK 15.70   0.40 2.61%   MERCINS 20.70   0.60 2.99%   METROSPIN 8.60   -0.10 -1.15%   MHSML   -0.20   MICEMENT 87.30   2.30 2.71%   MIDASFIN 25.70   0.70 2.80%   MIRACLEIND 55.50   -0.20 -0.36%   MITHUNKNIT 59.00   0.10 0.17%   MJLBD   2.10   MODERNDYE 173.50   -6.90 -3.82%   MONNOCERA 43.30   -0.50 -1.14%   MONNOSTAF 540.00   -12.90 -2.33%   MPETROLEUM 183.00   -1.60 -0.87%   MTB   1.10   NATLIFEINS 192.20   1.40 0.73%   NAVANACNG 76.10   -0.50 -0.65%   NBL   0.90   NCCBANK 14.20   0.30 2.16%   NCCBLMF1 8.60   0.70 8.86%   NFML   2.10   NHFIL   -0.10   NITOLINS 26.80   0.10 0.37%   NLI1STMF 13.60   0.10 0.74%   NORTHERN 263.00   9.30 3.67%   NORTHRNINS 26.40   1.30 5.18%   NPOLYMAR 80.10   0.30 0.38%   NTC   -23.10   NTLTUBES 153.00   6.80 4.65%   OAL   1.70   OLYMPIC 316.20   1.10 0.35%   ONEBANKLTD 18.40   0.60 3.37%   ORIONINFU 62.50   0.00 0.00%   ORIONPHARM 49.40   2.90 6.24%   PADMALIFE 33.80   0.30 0.90%   PADMAOIL 193.20   0.70 0.36%   PARAMOUNT 19.40   -0.10 -0.51%   PENINSULA 36.70   -0.70 -1.87%   PEOPLESINS 23.30   0.90 4.02%   PF1STMF 8.00   0.20 2.56%   PHARMAID 259.00   2.10 0.82%   PHENIXINS 29.60   1.20 4.23%   PHOENIXFIN 27.70   0.00 0.00%   PHPMF1 7.10   0.50 7.58%   PIONEERINS 34.10   -1.20 -3.40%   PLFSL   -0.10   POPULAR1MF 7.20   0.60 9.09%   POPULARLIF 80.20   0.20 0.25%   POWERGRID 56.80   -0.20 -0.35%   PRAGATIINS 33.20   2.00 6.41%   PRAGATILIF 102.60   1.30 1.28%   PREMIERBAN 11.90   0.30 2.59%   PREMIERCEM 94.10   0.90 0.97%   PREMIERLEA 13.50   -0.20 -1.46%   PRIME1ICBA 7.20   0.50 7.46%   PRIMEBANK 19.40   0.50 2.65%   PRIMEFIN 11.20   0.60 5.66%   PRIMEINSUR 20.70   0.50 2.48%   PRIMELIFE 65.90   -0.80 -1.20%   PRIMETEX 28.80   1.40 5.11%   PROGRESLIF 56.00   1.00 1.82%   PROVATIINS 19.70   0.40 2.07%   PTL   0.00   PUBALIBANK 24.30   0.20 0.83%   PURABIGEN 18.50   0.30 1.65%   QSMDRYCELL 94.80   -0.10 -0.11%   RAHIMAFOOD 120.00   0.60 0.50%   RAHIMTEXT 250.00   -1.70 -0.68%   RAKCERAMIC 64.10   0.10 0.16%   RANFOUNDRY 130.20   -3.90 -2.91%   RDFOOD 18.40   0.10 0.55%   RECKITTBEN 1535.00   0.00 0.00%   REGENTTEX 18.90   1.50 8.62%   RELIANCE1 10.50   0.20 1.94%   RELIANCINS 52.00   0.40 0.78%   RENATA 1103.00   2.50 0.23%   RENWICKJA 644.00   5.50 0.86%   REPUBLIC 25.00   -0.20 -0.79%   RNSPIN 32.30   1.70 5.56%   RSRMSTEEL 84.00   -2.20 -2.55%   RUPALIBANK 28.20   1.50 5.62%   RUPALIINS 22.50   0.50 2.27%   RUPALILIFE 44.10   1.00 2.32%   SAFKOSPINN 15.20   -0.10 -0.65%   SAIFPOWER 57.80   -0.10 -0.17%   SAIHAMCOT 19.70   1.40 7.65%   SAIHAMTEX 18.00   1.10 6.51%   SALAMCRST 42.00   0.00 0.00%   SALVOCHEM 18.00   0.40 2.27%   SAMATALETH 30.00   -1.30 -4.15%   SAMORITA 78.40   -2.50 -3.09%   SANDHANINS 40.00   1.90 4.99%   SAPORTL 48.90   0.10 0.20%   SAVAREFR 56.00   3.00 5.66%   SEBL1STMF 12.80   0.50 4.07%   SEMLLECMF 10.20   -0.10 -0.97%   SHAHJABANK 15.60   0.40 2.63%   SHASHADNIM 81.40   -1.00 -1.21%   SHURWID 12.60   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 19.40   -2.10 -9.77%   SIBL   0.30   SIMTEX 27.70   0.40 1.47%   SINGERBD 203.80   3.40 1.70%   SINOBANGLA 30.80   0.50 1.65%   SONALIANSH 202.90   -0.20 -0.10%   SONARBAINS 19.90   1.00 5.29%   SONARGAON 14.80   1.00 7.25%   SOUTHEASTB 19.60   0.30 1.55%   SPCERAMICS 12.50   0.30 2.46%   SPCL   -2.30   SQUARETEXT 72.00   0.60 0.84%   SQURPHARMA 261.00   0.30 0.12%   STANCERAM 54.60   -0.60 -1.09%   STANDARINS 20.20   0.30 1.51%   STANDBANKL 13.10   0.70 5.65%   STYLECRAFT 1375.00   -22.00 -1.57%   SUMITPOWER 42.10   1.10 2.68%   SUNLIFEINS 24.60   0.20 0.82%   TAKAFULINS 20.50   0.40 1.99%   TALLUSPIN 11.40   0.10 0.88%   TITASGAS 51.80   0.20 0.39%   TOSRIFA 22.50   0.20 0.90%   TRUSTB1MF 7.50   0.50 7.14%   TRUSTBANK 25.60   0.80 3.23%   TUNGHAI 13.50   0.10 0.75%   UCB   0.80   UNIONCAP 22.80   0.20 0.88%   UNIQUEHRL 56.20   -0.90 -1.58%   UNITEDAIR 7.20   0.30 4.35%   UNITEDFIN 24.80   0.30 1.22%   UNITEDINS 30.50   2.00 7.02%   UPGDCL 150.10   -0.30 -0.20%   USMANIAGL 94.60   -1.30 -1.36%   UTTARABANK 26.60   1.70 6.83%   UTTARAFIN 66.70   1.80 2.77%   VAMLBDMF1 10.10   0.40 4.12%   VAMLRBBF 10.00   0.20 2.04%   WATACHEM 177.00   -3.60 -1.99%   WMSHIPYARD 32.80   0.70 2.18%   YPL   0.10   ZAHEENSPIN 22.90   -0.70 -2.97%   ZAHINTEX 20.20   0.50 2.54%   ZEALBANGLA 35.00   -2.00 -5.41%   Latest News Bangladesh secures negotiated cut rate BB cap likely to affect mobile-based transactions Dhaka lobbies for quicker graduation Big investment move for Ctg hub Many dead as boat sinks off Libyan coast 2,000 protest against Trump's immigration policies in US N'ganj 7-murder verdict today Over 5.1m disadvantaged people get allowance Kawrakandi ferry ghat closes, Kanthalbari opens Chumki hopeful of large cut in child marriage by 2021 Nasim rules out consultation with BNP on EC constitution TIME - 09:13 am National Bangladesh secures negotiated cut rate Economy Big investment move for Ctg hub World Many dead as boat sinks off Libyan coast Stock BSEC meets stakeholders today FY17 to be ‘promising’ despite slide in agro, remittance    TOP NEWS Pre-registration of hajj pilgrims begins Trump to hold summit with Putin 'within weeks' SC extends time for gazette of judge service rules ‘One China’ policy non-negotiable: Beijing reacts over Trump's remarks Three more held over MP murder Week of anti-Trump protests start Mustafizur out of second Test too First phase of Bishwa Ijtema ends Two women killed in Comilla crash Substitute Kayes sets world record BB cap likely to affect mobile-based transactions January 16, 2017, 12:20 am The latest Bangladesh Bank (BB) restriction on mobile-based transaction (m-transaction) is likely to have a negative impact on the growth of mobile banking in the country, insiders said on Sunday. The latest move, apart from causing inconvenience to the general subscribers Read more Dhaka lobbies for quicker graduation January 16, 2017, 12:19 am The government moves for hectic international lobbying for Bangladesh's quicker graduation from the Least Developed Country (LDC) status, upending a UN deferment ruling.   Sources concerned believe the move was made apparently as a latest report of a UN body- United Read more Economy Petrobangla moves to sign deal soon The government has moved afresh to initiate a deal with Qatar's Ras Gas to import expensive LNG six years after inking a MoU, said sources. A high-level government team is expected to visit Qatar within this month to discuss elaborately on issues regarding the quantity of liquefied natural gas (LNG) to be imported from Qatar and its pricing, LNG Cell Chief of Petrobangla Md Quamruzzaman told the FE Saturday. State-run Petrobangla earlier had inked a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Qatar in January 2011 to import around 4.0 million tonnes of LNG annually. It later extended the deadline of the MoU twice due Yunus eyes 3 zeros thru' social business January 15, 2017, 9:01 pm Post Office fiscal deficit jumps January 15, 2017, 2:47 pm BD among most optimistic countries in 2017 outlook January 14, 2017, 12:16 am S Korea freezes interest rates at 1.25pc  January 13, 2017, 2:18 pm China 2016 exports fall January 13, 2017, 11:37 am Finance Tax defaulters may lose waiver A new 'tax-benefit policy' now in the offing would deny revenue defaulters the state facility of tax waiver, officials said. They said the National Board of Revenue (NBR) has made the move to frame the policy to filter the tax-benefit recipients. Agent banking advancing fast Help to curb militant transactions: Home minister BB gets 66 proposals for long term financing WEF meeting will encourage foreign investors to BD: FM Editorial Ensuring judicious use of gas The reported move by the Karnaphuli Gas Distribution Company to Ensuring judicious use of gas The reported move by the Karnaphuli Gas Distribution Company to Op-Ed Tourism : A golden goose BANGLADESH is one of the most beautiful countries in the Tourism : A golden goose BANGLADESH is one of the most beautiful countries in the Salman Shah's death:  Still a mystery  SALMAN Shah, the beloved hero of Bangladeshi cinema who touched Salman Shah's death:  Still a mystery  SALMAN Shah, the beloved hero of Bangladeshi cinema who touched Classic centuries by Shakib and Mushfiq  SHAKIB Al Hasan's solid double century and Mushfiq's 159 marked Classic centuries by Shakib and Mushfiq  SHAKIB Al Hasan's solid double century and Mushfiq's 159 marked Stock Beximco, LankaBangla, Appollo dominate transaction chart Beximco dominated the premier bourse's turnover chart for the seven consecutive sessions on Sunday. It was also the most-traded share Sector-specific stocks attract investors: Analysis Dhaka Bank holds annual managers’ confce Stocks see sharp rise in early trading Danish companies to help flourish BD trade 15 sectors end higher, 4 face mild corrections MFs witness 9.81pc rise DSEX crosses 5,400-mark on buying spree US stocks rally; Nasdaq hits record National Over 5.1m disadvantaged people get allowance As many as 5.10 million (5,120,000) underprivileged people are getting monthly allowance regularly as the present government has fixed a target to eradicate extreme poverty from the country by 2030, reports BSS. Poverty reduction is the core objective of the present government, which has undertaken all initiatives for gradual socio-economic development in the country. A senior official of the ministry of social Chumki hopeful of large cut in child marriage by 2021 Hasina leaves for Davos HRW blames politicians, law enforcers for violation of human rights in BD  Jewellery shop robbed in Bogra Devotees in droves join Biswa Ijtema Biswa Ijtema: Akheri Munajat starts by 11:30 morning Parshe fishing goes on in Sundarbans defying ban ‘Don’t waste time, help to complete development works’ Trade and Market Garment accessories makers demand cash incentives A four-day fair on readymade garments accessories, yarn and fabrics will begin Wednesday in the city to inject new momentum into the sector. Three concurrent events namely 16th Garment and Allied Machinery Trade Show, 8th Garments Accessories and Packaging Exposition (GAP Expo 2017) and Eighth Yarn and Fabrics Sourcing Fair 2017 will take place under one roof at the International Convention GARMENTECH, two other int'l events begin Jan 18 BTRC to allow resale of deactivated SIMs as numbering crisis deepens SKS launches Sena cement brand, opens LPG factory at Mongla Britain may change economic model if shut out of EU single market: Hammond Albanian economy in positive cycle thanks to reforms: Minister Energy companies start spending after years of belt-tightening BPC to sell 170,000 barrels naphtha Takata to pay $1b to settle airbag criminal probe  World 2,000 protest against Trump's immigration policies in US Nearly 2,000 people marched through the streets of here to protest against the xenophobic rhetoric and immigration policies of US President-elect Donald Trump, as well as against candidates of the "extreme right" nominated for his Cabinet, reports Reuters. As part of the demonstrations called in more than 50 cities around the country by immigrant-rights and civil-rights organisations, nearly 2,000 people protested on Saturday in the US capital, under the slogan "We're here to stay", Efe news reports. After a knock-down, drag-out electoral ... Patna boat tragedy toll rises to 24 France holds world summit Indo-US ‘strategic convergence’ at highest point: Obama admn Sci-tech US rocket company resumes flights The American SpaceX rocket company has resumed flights, launching a Falcon 9 vehicle from the Vandenberg Air Force Base on WhatsApp backdoor allows snooping on encrypted messages Weather: Moderate to thick fog likely Science lesson in Kishoreganj aims to break world record Education Stamford starts new course at journalism dept Journalism & Media Studies Department of Stamford University Bangladesh launched the Art of Presentation for the Television and Radio course in the BSS honours programme on Saturday. Samia Rahman, Associate Professor of Mass Communication & Journalism Department of Dhaka University, was present at the launching ceremony. Samia, also the head of Current Affairs of private TV channel News24, said presentation is very important in every aspect of a human being's life including presentation for Television and Radio. Vice Chancellor of Stamford University Dr ... No alternative to moral edn for global peace, says Deputy Speaker New trust fund at DU Govt to implement a teacher’s training project: Nahid Sports BCB names squad for second Test against NZ Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) on Sunday announced an unchanged squad for the second Test against New Zealand beginning in Christchurch, New Zealand on January 20, reports UNB.   Bangladesh Cricket team for the second Test : Mushfiqur Rahim (Captain), Tamim Iqbal (Vice Captain), Imrul Kayes, Mominul Hoque, Shabbir Rahman, Mahmudullah, Shakib Al Hasan, Mehedi Hasan Miraz, Taijul Islam, Rubel Hossain, Kamrul Islam Rabbi, Soumya Sarker, Taskin Ahmed, Nurul Hasan Sohan and Shubhasis Roy. Bangladesh are now playing first Test match against New ... Everton downs City Blues march on Suarez leads Barca mauling of Las Palmas Health Microsoft,PlusOne to provide access to BD healthcare Microsoft Bangladesh and PlusOne have entered into a memorandum of understanding to provide virtual access to healthcare to more people in Bangladesh. This collaboration will help facilitate physical and mental wellbeing of employees and the public for greater productivity. The Microsoft Azure cloud based platform powered by RingMD enables live video and audio consultation between patients and doctors in Bangladesh or abroad, online appointment scheduling and fully encrypted medical record sharing possibilities. Virtual interactions on the platform are digitised and ... Smoking soon to kill 8m people a year: Study Instruct doctors to write prescriptions clearly: HC Best foods to avoid a winter cold Entertainment Paresh Rawal to play dad Sunil Dutt in Sanjay Dutt’s biopic Veteran actor Paresh Rawal will be essaying the role of Sunil Dutt in actor Sanjay Dutt’s biopic to be directed Fisher will not be digitally recreated: Lucasfilms  Pitha Festival at Le Méridien begins Jan 19 Folk Arts Festival in Narayanganj begins Politics Nasim rules out consultation with BNP on EC constitution Awami League (AL) presidium member Mohammad Nasim ruled out on Sunday possibility of holding any dialogue with BNP to form BCL's rally on DU campus celebrating three years of govt Khaleda patronises terrorists, militants: Inu ‘Don’t waste time, help to complete development works’ Country Kawrakandi ferry ghat closes, Kanthalbari opens MUNSHIGANJ, Jan 15 (UNB): Kawrakandi ferry ghat has been closed after 30 years in operation as its replacement by Kanthalbari People of northern region in extreme distress Experts urge cultivators to grow varieties of crops instead of tobacco Mohadevpur UZ people get free legal aid service PHOTO GALLERY Thousands of pilgrims from 17 districts of Bangladesh attend the Akheri Munajat (final prayers) at the bank of Turag River at Tongi in Gazipur on Sunday. –FE Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina joins the Akheri Munajat (final prayers) of the first phase of the Bishwa Ijtema from her official residence, the Ganabhaban, on Sunday. –PID Photo President Md Abdul Hamid, along with his family members and staff, joins the Akheri Munajat (final prayers) of the first phase of the Bishwa Ijtema from the Bangabhaban on Sunday. –PID Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, also the president of Awami League, addresses a meeting with party leaders at her political office at Dhanmondi in Dhaka. –Focus Bangla Photo Awami League General Secretary Obaidul Kader greets Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, also the president of Awami League, after arrival at AL president’s political office at Dhanmondi in Dhaka. –Focus Bangla Photo more news N'ganj 7-murder verdict today January 16, 2017, 12:15 am Hasina leaves for Davos January 15, 2017, 11:34 pm BTRC to allow resale of deactivated SIMs as numbering crisis deepens January 15, 2017, 9:55 pm SKS launches Sena cement brand, opens LPG factory at Mongla January 15, 2017, 9:53 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 178 ISSUES DECLINED 77 Most popular BB cap likely to affect mobile-based transactions January 16, 2017, 12:20 am Big investment move for Ctg hub January 16, 2017, 12:18 am Dhaka lobbies for quicker graduation January 16, 2017, 12:19 am Bangladesh secures negotiated cut rate January 16, 2017, 12:22 am Chumki hopeful of large cut in child marriage by 2021 January 16, 2017, 12:12 am Kawrakandi ferry ghat closes, Kanthalbari opens January 16, 2017, 12:13 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG CAPMBDBLMF 11.30 14.90 11.90 14.00 23.89 TRUSTB1MF 7.00 7.70 7.00 7.70 10.00 GPHISPAT 39.30 43.20 39.60 43.20 9.92 FINEFOODS 23.20 25.50 23.30 25.50 9.91 BDAUTOCA 88.90 97.70 97.70 97.70 9.90 ICBSONALI1 7.20 7.90 7.30 7.90 9.72 NFML 21.80 23.90 21.90 23.90 9.63 JAMUNABANK 15.90 17.40 15.90 17.40 9.43 IFIC1STMF 6.70 7.30 6.90 7.30 8.96 PRIME1ICBA 6.70 7.30 6.50 7.30 8.96 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation CAPMBDBLMF 11.90 14.90 11.90 14.00 17.65 PRIME1ICBA 6.50 7.30 6.50 7.20 10.77 FINEFOODS 23.30 25.50 23.30 25.50 9.44 JAMUNABANK 15.90 17.40 15.90 17.40 9.43 NFML 21.90 23.90 21.90 23.90 9.13 GPHISPAT 39.60 43.20 39.60 43.20 9.09 1JANATAMF 6.80 7.40 6.80 7.40 8.82 PEOPLESINS 21.50 23.30 21.40 23.30 8.37 DAFODILCOM 39.90 43.20 39.20 43.00 7.77 DBH1STMF 8.00 8.60 8.00 8.60 7.50 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SHYAMPSUG 21.50 21.30 19.40 19.70 -8.37 ZEALBANGLA 37.00 37.10 35.00 35.40 -4.32 SAMATALETH 31.30 33.00 29.30 30.00 -4.15 ISNLTD 14.70 14.50 14.00 14.20 -3.40 KPPL 9.40 9.60 9.10 9.10 -3.19 DSHGARME 314.60 318.00 303.10 304.90 -3.08 DOREENPWR 113.30 116.20 109.00 110.10 -2.82 EASTRNLUB 1240.20 1258.00 1199.90 1206.10 -2.75 SAMORITA 80.90 81.00 78.00 78.70 -2.72 MODERNDYE 180.40 180.00 173.50 175.60 -2.66 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SHYAMPSUG 21.20 21.30 19.40 19.40 -8.49 SAMATALETH 32.10 33.00 29.30 30.00 -6.54 ZEALBANGLA 37.00 37.10 35.00 35.00 -5.41 MONNOSTAF 569.00 569.00 540.00 540.00 -5.10 AZIZPIPES 68.40 68.50 65.10 65.10 -4.83 DOREENPWR 116.20 116.20 109.00 110.70 -4.73 BDFINANCE 17.00 17.00 16.00 16.30 -4.12 BDWELDING 13.10 13.20 12.60 12.60 -3.82 EBL1STMF 7.90 8.00 7.50 7.60 -3.80 PIONEERINS 35.40 36.80 34.00 34.10 -3.67 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
null
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Organic Personal Care Products Market Synopsis and Highlights, Key Findings, Major Companies Analysis and Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Organic Personal Care Products Market Information- by Type (skin care, hair care, oral care, eye care, cosmetics and others), by Source , by Distribution Channel , by Target Group and by Region – Forecast to 2022 Pune, India – January 5, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Market research future published a half cooked research report on the global Organic Personal Care Products market has been estimated to grow 6% post 2022. Market Highlights Organic personal care products are made from all natural ingredients, which is strictly an ingredient which has been harvested without the use of synthetic chemical compounds. Consumers are now aware of the ill effects of chemically loaded personal care products; hence demand for organic personal care products has increased in past few years. Market Research Analysis: o The demand for organic infant personal care product is increasing in Europe and North America o Top 5 importers of organic personal care products are U.S., France, U.K., Germany and China Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1957 Key Players The key players profiled in organic personal care products market are as o Alticor Inc. (U.S.) o Avon Products Inc. (U.S.) o Kao Corp. (Japan) o L’or�al Group (France) o Mary Kay Inc. (U.S.) o Procter & Gamble Co. (U.S.) o Revlon Inc. (U.K.) o Shiseido Co. Ltd. (Japan) o Oriflame Cosmetics S.A. (Switzerland) o The Est�e Lauder Companies Inc. (U.S.) Increased in disposable income, awareness about positive effects of organic products are major key driving forces for this market. Key Findings: o Increase in demand for natural ingredients mainly in the skin care segment will play a critical role in the growth of organic personal care products o Organic cosmetics segment is projected to grow the most during the forecasted period with increase in demand for chemical free personal care products Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 110 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on “Global Organic Personal Care Products Market Research Report- Forecast To 2022” Organic cosmetics and organic eye care products are in huge demand from the working class women population. Infant care segment has also gained acclamation across the globe. Organic skin care & organic hair care also consumer oriented products are attracting consumers of all age groups. Table of Content 1.Executive Summary 2 Market Introduction 2.1 Definition 2.2 Scope Of The Study 2.2.1 Research Objectives 2.2.2 Assumptions 2.2.3 Limitations 2.3 Markets Structure 2.4 Stakeholders 3 Research Methodology 3.1 Research Process 3.2 Secondary Research 3.3 Primary Research 3.4 Forecast Model 3.5 Market Size Estimation 4 MARKET DYNAMICS 4.1 Drivers 4.2 Restraints 4.3 Opportunities 4.4 Challenges 5 MARKET TRENDS Continue……… Browse full report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/organic-personal-care-products-market List of Tables Table 1 Pestle Analysis – U.S. Table 2 Pestle Analysis- India Table 3 Pestle Analysis- China Table 4 Pestle Analysis- Japan Table 5 Pestle Analysis- Germany Table 6 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials For Organic Personal Care Product Continue………. List of Figures Figure 1 Research Methodology Figure 2 Primary Data Analysis Approach Figure 3 Secondary Data Analysis Approach Figure 4 Trend In Organic Personal Care Product Imports 2011-15 Figure 5 Growth Rate In Organic Personal Care Product Imports 2011-15 Continue……… Related Reports Global Modified Starch Market Information- by source (grain (corn, wheat and rice), vegetables (cassava and potato), and others), by modification process (degradation, acid, oxidation, dextrinization, substitution and others), by application, by nature and by Region – Forecast to 2022.Know more about this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/modified-starch-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Organization: Market Research future Address: Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Source: http://marketersmedia.com/organic-personal-care-products-market-synopsis-and-highlights-key-findings-major-companies-analysis-and-forecast-to-2022/159212 Release ID: 159212 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Acrylic Makeup Draw Storage Unit Exclusive Product For Cosmopolitan Collection (Thu 5th Jan 17) High Rated Gel Pens Target New Demographic Of Customers For New Year (Thu 5th Jan 17) Next-Generation Sequencing Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 (Thu 5th Jan 17) Structural Health Monitoring Market Growing At 24.99% CAGR To 2022 (Thu 5th Jan 17) Craig Richards Radu Hahaianu 2016 Webinar Master Video Marketing Course Launched (Thu 5th Jan 17) Tagsintelligence, major, post, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Structural Health Monitoring Market Growing At 24.99% CAGR To 2022 Next PostNext Global Analysis of Business Information Market Expected to Attain High Growth Rate with a CAGR of 5.2% during 2017-2021 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by The Carlyle Group Completes Acquisition of Claritas from Nielsen NEW YORK, Jan. 05, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Global alternative asset manager The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ:CG), in partnership with the Indian Hill Group, has acquired Claritas from Nielsen (NYSE:NLSN). The Indian Hill Group is a small team led by Mike Nazzaro and comprises some of the former leadership team of Nielsen Catalina Solutions. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Claritas is focused on consumer segmentation insights. It provides marketers with a comprehensive view into consumer behavior patterns through proprietary segmentation analysis powered by broad access to data sources. Claritas’ segmentation methodology and core product, PRIZM®, is relied on by marketers, academics, media organizations and other marketing data providers. Claritas and Nielsen have a Reseller Agreement that maintains Claritas’ proprietary data feeds and will help ensure a seamless customer experience going forward. The company is led by Chief Executive Officer Mike Nazzaro. This transaction is a result of Mr. Nazzaro’s team and Carlyle working collaboratively to identify high-potential businesses in the marketing information space. Mr. Nazzaro’s team includes Dr. Karthik Iyer, Chief Operating Officer; Jay Stockwell, Chief Revenue Officer; and R. Chase Miller, who will focus on strategy and corporate development. This group will complement and work alongside the existing team at Claritas. Mr. Nazzaro is a marketing industry veteran, most recently serving as founder and Chief Executive Officer of Nielsen Catalina Solutions, which combines Catalina’s in-store purchase datasets focusing on the CPG industry with Nielsen’s gold-standard TV currency. He began his career with Procter & Gamble, one of the world’s largest advertisers. Mr. Nazzaro and his incoming team have together built and managed some of the world’s most well-known strategic brands and most enduring, high-growth businesses in the marketing industry, as demonstrated by Nielsen Catalina Solutions. Prior to this, they built and established several other companies in the marketing information space. Mr. Nazzaro said, “We have long shared a belief with the Carlyle team in the growth potential of data-driven marketing and have long sought the best platform to capture this market opportunity. Claritas’ heritage, powerful products and talented team are the perfect platform to lead the innovation of this space. We are excited to work with Carlyle and believe Claritas will be well-positioned as a standalone company to invest in people, products and partnerships to drive innovative enhancements for clients. As a standalone organization, we will drive enhancements to marquee products like PRIZM® and power broad innovations with behavioral data and predictive analytics.” Adam Glucksman and David Stonehill, Managing Directors with The Carlyle Group, said, “Claritas is the gold standard in consumer segmentation and activation. The big data revolution has created rising demand for consumer insights and Claritas is benefitting from that trend. We are confident Claritas will thrive as an independent company, continuing to innovate and provide best-in-class service to its current and future customers. Mike and his team have a long track record of driving cutting-edge solutions for marketers, and we expect this to continue through Claritas.” Karthik Rao, President of Expanded Verticals at Nielsen, said, “We are proud of Claritas’ accomplishments as a leading provider of consumer segmentation insights over the past eight years, and value our continued relationship with the team. With the support of Carlyle and the Indian Hill Group, we believe Claritas is well-positioned to capitalize on future growth opportunities. We are excited for Mike and the rest of the Claritas team as they embark on the next chapter of its mission to continue innovating and providing premier products and services to customers.”  Equity for this investment came from Carlyle Equity Opportunity Fund II, a $2.4 billion fund that invests in middle-market companies in North America. Morrison Cohen LLP acted as legal advisor to Carlyle and PricewaterhouseCoopers provided transaction advisory services to Carlyle on this transaction. Foros acted as financial advisor to Nielsen on this transaction. About Claritas Founded in 1971, Claritas is a provider of consumer segmentation analysis for marketers. Claritas’ proprietary segmentation algorithm and differentiated access to data sources provide unique insights to businesses regarding their marketplace and consumers.  Through Claritas’ core product, PRIZM® Premier Segmentation, clients are able to better understand where their consumers live, work, play, and shop for more effective and efficient marketing. For more information, please visit www.claritas.com or www.mybestsegments.com. About The Carlyle Group The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ:CG) is a global alternative asset manager with $169 billion of assets under management across 125 funds and 177 fund of funds vehicles as of September 30, 2016. Carlyle’s purpose is to invest wisely and create value on behalf of its investors, many of whom are public pensions. Carlyle invests across four segments – Corporate Private Equity, Real Assets, Global Market Strategies and Investment Solutions – in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, North America and South America. Carlyle has expertise in various industries, including: aerospace, defense & government services, consumer & retail, energy, financial services, healthcare, industrial, real estate, technology & business services, telecommunications & media and transportation. The Carlyle Group employs more than 1,625 people in 35 offices across six continents. Web: www.carlyle.com Videos: http://www.carlyle.com/media-room/corporate-videos Tweets: www.twitter.com/onecarlyle Podcasts: www.carlyle.com/about-carlyle/market-commentary   
Contact:

For The Carlyle Group:
Elizabeth Gill
+1-202-729-5385
elizabeth.gill@carlyle.com

For Claritas:
Emily Ward
Abernathy MacGregor
212-371-5999
EMW@abmac.com
 Tagscapture, company, defense, officer, private, service, veteran Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Syndax Adds Global Pharmaceutical Business Veteran to Board of Directors Next PostNext DSP Group to Provide Ooma with Technology for New Smart Home Monitoring Service Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump’s healthcare plan will offer ‘insurance for everybody’: report Healthcare — 1h 5m ago Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘Was this the leaker of Fake News?’ Administration — 1h 24m ago Obama’s parting thoughts on Syria, Israel Administration — 1h 34m ago What Obama will do after his presidency? Sleep. Blog Briefing Room — 2h 17s ago Obama would take a mulligan on healthcare.gov Administration — 2h 3m ago Trump tells German paper: NATO is ‘obsolete’ Administration — 2h 31m ago Trump tweets: SNL is ‘worst of NBC’ Administration — 3h 4m ago Obama on '60 Minutes': A president needs 'thick skin,' 'stamina' Administration — 3h 11m ago view all   Who will temper Trump after he takes office? By Lauren A. Wright - 01/05/17 08:00 AM EST 632   © Getty Images In ancient Rome, generals returning home after a military victory participated in extravagant parades called triumphs. Adorned in gold and slathered in ox blood, they rode past adoring throngs to the temple of Jupiter, showcasing the human and material spoils of war and basking in near-divinity. But lest these generals become infected with hubris, a slave was assigned to sit behind them and repeatedly intone, “remember, you are only a man.” Even in the most depraved chapters of western civilization, leaders have kept a “memento mori,” (literally, a “reminder of death”) — someone or something close by to remind them of the limits of their power. With the inauguration of a man who has made self-aggrandizement a business model fast approaching, an important question lingers: Who, if anyone, will serve as Donald TrumpDonald TrumpTrump’s healthcare plan will offer ‘insurance for everybody’: report Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘Was this the leaker of Fake News?’ What Obama will do after his presidency? Sleep. MORE’s “memento mori”? ADVERTISEMENT No matter how altruistic the candidate, the decision to run for the job of leader of the free world is fueled, at least in part, by a massive ego. Perhaps cognizant of this fact, and the dangers that come with it, many American presidents have prudently included critics in their inner circles.   Abraham Lincoln famously appointed three former political rivals to key Cabinet positions despite a contentious Republican presidential primary, as Doris Kearns Goodwin detailed in her book, and he frequently pitted them against one another in an effort to achieve the best policy outcome. President Obama, who sought to assemble his own Cabinet in the fashion of Lincoln, selected Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonSchumer puts GOP on notice over ObamaCare repeal Priebus to ethics chief: 'Be careful' Feinstein: Russia's interference affected outcome of election MORE as his first secretary of State, despite a bitterly fought primary and clashing approaches to foreign policy. He later appointed Republican Chuck HagelChuck HagelWho will temper Trump after he takes office? Hagel: I’m ‘encouraged’ by Trump’s Russia outreach Want to 'drain the swamp'? Implement regular order MORE as secretary of Defense, and former Procter & Gamble CEO and Republican donor Robert McDonald to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs — a pick some Republicans are urging Trump to keep in place. For other presidents, such as Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan, religion replaced advisers as a memento mori. After surviving an assassination attempt, Reagan wrote in his diary that he could not ask God for help without forgiving the man who shot him, for all of God’s children were equally loved. Carter described in his memoir how his Christian faith pushed him to constantly try to identify with homeless people, drug addicts and destitute families, an exercise that he thought ennobled him and his constituents. With a few notable exceptions, Trump has filled his inner circle with relatives and political elites who have defended him unconditionally. When the billionaire has tapped critics and rivals for service, he has tended toward people who agree with him on policy. Rick Perry, who had called Trump a “cancer on conservatism” and once vowed to abolish the agency he’s now been picked to lead — the Department of Energy — hardly diverges from Trump on the issues. The same goes for Nikki Haley, Trump’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations, who said she voted for Trump as a matter of policy. Ben Carson, Trump’s former primary opponent who was picked to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development, was one of the first Republican candidates to throw his support behind Trump’s bid after ending his own campaign. It is reasonable to assume he will continue to loyally advocate for the president-elect’s policy agenda. Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, recently named counselor to the president, may be the most likely person to have a grounding influence on Trump, as she was effective in her efforts to temper his antagonistic tendencies during a crucial month late in the campaign. But Conway’s progress was short-lived. Trump continues to tweet belligerently and engage in petty quarrels, at best dismissing opportunities to garner positive press coverage, and at worst inviting national security threats. So the question remains: Who or what will protect him from his worst self?   Lauren Wright, Ph.D., is a political scientist, a White House expert and board member of the White House Transition Project. She also is the author of the recently released “On Behalf of the President: Presidential Spouses and White House Communications Strategy Today,” which identifies and explains the expanding responsibility entrusted to presidential spouses to communicate the president's message on the campaign trail and in the White House. The views of Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Chuck Hagel   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Schumer puts GOP on notice over... Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) has made it crystal clear... 788 Shares 2 Trump’s healthcare plan will offer... President-elect Donald Trump told the Washington Post his plan to replace... 537 Shares 3 Trump should’ve Googled John Lewis... OPINION | A look at their pasts show Lewis and Trump couldn’t be more... 467 Shares 4 Obama: Trump was a 'change... President Obama called President-elect Donald Trump a "change candidate"... 461 Shares 5 'Future of America' at stake with... “I’m certainly not going to leave this in limbo, because this is the... 346 Shares 6 Human Rights Watch lists Trump as... Human Rights Watch is listing President-elect Donald Trump as a threat to... 246 Shares 7 ‘SNL’ mocks Trump news conference “Saturday Night Live” during its latest show mocked President-elect Donald... 237 Shares 8 Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘... President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Sunday night about outgoing CIA... 231 Shares 9 Sharpton: 'Thank God we lived in... "I am so proud of President Barack Obama." 193 Shares 10 GOP senator slams Trump: John... A Senate Republican is blasting President-elect Donald Trump's criticism... 168 Shares 11 Trump team considers evicting... President-elect Donald Trump's team is reportedly considering evicting the... 130 Shares 12 Trump tweets: SNL is ‘worst of NBC’ President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Sunday evening about “Saturday Night... 118 Shares 13 Trump to meet Putin in first... Trump spokesman denies reported meeting in Iceland. 113 Shares 14 Michael Moore to host star-studded... Alec Baldwin and Mark Ruffalo also plan to attend the rally outside Trump'... 112 Shares 15 Atlanta newspaper enters Trump,... "The district that Trump described as in ‘horrible shape’ includes Emory... 106 Shares 16 Trump tells German paper: NATO is... President-elect Donald Trump called NATO obsolete, according to a... 104 Shares 17 Trump no longer expected to visit... President-elect Donald Trump is reportedly no longer expected to visit the... 100 Shares 18 Dem senator says Lewis's comments... Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) on Sunday said he respects Rep. John Lewis (D-... 93 Shares 19 Priebus to ethics chief: 'Be... Donald Trump's incoming White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, on... 92 Shares 20 Trump thanks Bob Woodward, blasts... President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter Sunday afternoon to again... 92 Shares 21 'Bikers for Trump' to form 'wall... “Bikers for Trump” plans to create a “wall of meat” to guard Donald Trump... 91 Shares 22 BuzzFeed editor: 'Proud we... The editor-in-chief of BuzzFeed on Sunday defended the website's decision... 87 Shares 23 Dems 'outraged' with Comey after... A number of House Democrats left Friday's confidential briefing on Russian... 78 Shares 24 Feinstein: Russia's interference... “I think that, and I think the FBI, in the October surprise, I call it an... 73 Shares 25 WHIP LIST: Democrats boycotting... More than a dozen Democrats have said that they will buck tradition and... 72 Shares 26 Scottish TV listing dubs Trump... A Scottish newspaper used its TV listings to describe President-elect... 60 Shares 27 What Obama will do after his... President Obama has no plans to set an alarm on his first morning after... 59 Shares 28 Three times as many bus permits... There have been three times as many bus parking permits requested for the... 58 Shares 29 Paul: 'Partisan' John Lewis not '... Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) on Sunday said he respects Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 5, 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Now Available BRICS Disposable Hygiene Products Market Forecast And Growth 2014-2020 The disposable hygiene products market is witnessing an annual growth of nearly 6-7% due to increased consumer spending on personal care products globally. In addition, the demand for improvised comfort, performance and efficient absorbent hygiene products is expected to drive demand for disposable hygiene products in the near future. Concerns for safety, convenience and hygiene are identified as key factors affecting growth of disposable hygiene products market. Furthermore, rising consumption of products such as sanitary pads, wipes, baby products and others across the globe is anticipated to drive demand for disposable hygiene products market in near future. Among the developing economies, increasing population and manufacture of such products in countries such as India and China and low penetration of these products is expected to open opportunities for growth of the market in BRICS. Moreover, industry-sophistication is expected to fuel the demand for disposable hygiene products in Brazil. Apart from increasing population in BRICS, economic development particularly in countries such as China and India is a key factor contributing towards substantial growth of disposable hygiene products market in the region. Furthermore, increasing disposable income, rising expenditure or consumer spending on personal hygiene and increasing hygiene concerns are expected to fuel demand for disposable hygiene products over the next five to six years. Also, increasing Internet penetration is a prime factor supporting wide distribution of these products to tech-savvy consumers in BRICS via the medium of online retailing. Internet penetration is expected to enhance distribution of these products, leading to increased consumption and brand visibility among consumers in BRICS. Request Free Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-br-107 Although hygiene concerns rank high among consumers in the BRICS region, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products in regular operations could hamper growth of the market. However, some international companies are focused on advertising campaigns along with the government awareness campaigns regarding hygiene. Although hygiene concerns in BRICS region is high, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products on a regular basis is expected to restrict market growth. Moreover, cost reduction coupled with efficient packaging of the disposable hygiene products is concern for companies operating in this market. As a result, a few international companies are focusing on advertising campaigns along with product portfolio expansion through opening of new manufacturing units. For instance, Unicharm Corporation, Procter & Gamble India and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ.) among others, have opened new manufacturing units for hygiene products in India. For instance, Unicharm Corporation invested US $ 39.2 million to set up a manufacturing facility with the objective to develop baby care, pet care and feminine care products in India. The disposable hygiene products market is segmented on the basis of product type and material used in products. The various disposable hygiene products include nappies, diapers, toilet paper, wipes, sanitary protection, kitchen towels, paper tableware, cotton pads and buds. These products are classified according to age-group since product usage differs accordingly. On the basis of age-group, the market has been segmented into adult care, feminine care and baby care. The materials used in these products are broadly classified as woven or non-woven, which depends on the acceptability of the product as well as age-group for which they are designed. Among all the product categories, the sanitary pads and baby products are collectively expected to be a promising area in the BRICS disposable hygiene products market. Among all the BRICS countries, India and China are expected to witness an increase in demand for disposable hygiene products, followed by Brazil and Russia. Visit For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-br-107 Investments by local players for disposable hygiene products are increasing rapidly, which is expected to lead towards a strong competitive database. This in turn is predicted to enhance the competitiveness among local as well as international players, leading to substantial investments in this market in future. Prominent players in this market include Dispowear Sterite Company, Kimberley Clark Corporation, Disposable Hygiene Products Ltd., BOSTIK SA, BAHP, UNICHARM Corporation, Procter & Gamble Company, Unicharm Corporation, Kao Corporation and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ). CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsDisposable Hygiene Products Market, Fuel, Internet Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cops shoot suspect who opened fire in Staten Island, seek second Next PostNext Norway PM says UK lacks negotiating experience, fears 'very hard Brexit' Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt January 16, 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer’s Care; Honor Legendary Coach January 16, 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc’s statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 January 16, 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 January 16, 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution January 16, 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution January 16, 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат January 16, 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат January 16, 2017 聖路易斯華盛頓大學將舉辦高齡化問題大型論壇；在上海舉行的論壇將聚集大中華區大學研究合作夥伴，討論因應前所未有的全球性社會挑戰 January 16, 2017 圣路易斯华盛顿大学将举办老龄化问题大型论坛；在上海举行的论坛将聚集大中华区大学研究合作伙伴，讨论应对前所未有的全球性社会挑战 January 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Global Teeth Whitening Products Sales Market Report 2021 This report studies sales (consumption) of Teeth Whitening Products in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Colgate-Palmolive GSK Johnson & Johnson P&G Brodie & Stone CCA Industries Church & Dwight GO SMiLE Henkel HUL Supersmile Ultradent Products Request Sample Report Here: www.reportbazzar.com/request-sample/?pid=653135&ptitle=Gl… Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Teeth Whitening Products in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Whitening Toothpaste Teeth Whitening Strips Others Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Teeth Whitening Products in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Browse Complete Report Summary with TOC: www.reportbazzar.com/product/global-teeth-whitening-produ… Table of Contents Global Teeth Whitening Products Sales Market Report 2021 1 Teeth Whitening Products Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Teeth Whitening Products 1.2 Classification of Teeth Whitening Products 1.2.1 Whitening Toothpaste 1.2.2 Teeth Whitening Strips 1.2.3 Others 1.3 Applications of Teeth Whitening Products 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Teeth Whitening Products Market by Regions 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Teeth Whitening Products (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Global Teeth Whitening Products Sales, Revenue and Price (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Global Teeth Whitening Products Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.3 Global Teeth Whitening Products Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Global Teeth Whitening Products Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Teeth Whitening Products Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Global Teeth Whitening Products Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.1.2 Global Teeth Whitening Products Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Teeth Whitening Products (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Teeth Whitening Products Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.2.2 Global Teeth Whitening Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 2.3 Global Teeth Whitening Products (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Global Teeth Whitening Products Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.3.2 Global Teeth Whitening Products Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2021) 2.4 Global Teeth Whitening Products (Volume) by Application Enquiry Before Buying: www.reportbazzar.com/discount-form/?pid=653135&ptitle=Glo… About Us: Reportbazzar.com is your trusted source for the most inclusive and informative assortment of market research reports designed to empower you with the latest in industry information that translates to time and cost savings for your business. We not only help you give wing to your latent business ideas but also facilitate you in taking the best informed and strategic decisions that guarantee success in your most promising business endeavors. Contact Us: ReportBazzar Mary Jane 30 Wall Street, 8th floor, New York, NY 10005. US: +1 (212) 389-6363 India: +91 20 66528525 Email Id: sales@reportbazzar.com Website: www.reportbazzar.com/ This release was published on openPR. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Gabapentin Market – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016-2021 Next PostNext Global GNSS Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2016-2021 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Discover: Natural Products Expo Engredea Esca Bona NEXT Store Delicious Living More Menu Log In or Register News Products and Trends Market Data and Analysis Ingredients Health and Nutrition Research People and Company Profiles Business Resources Natural Products Expo Engredea Esca Bona NEXT Store Delicious Living Subscribe to NBJ Newsletters About Us Contact Advertise Standards Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Future shop: Digital presence in and out of the grocery aisle Jan 13, 2017 Adaptogens power up stress and sleep solutions [NEXT Forecast 2017] Jan 12, 2017 Can omegas help hearts heal after attack? Jan 12, 2017 Earth Fare's new campaign sends powerful message Jan 12, 2017 [email protected] : Kids' snack company Pure Growth Organic gets funding | How color became an ingredient Jan 11, 2017 Featured Is the expectation of scale holding you back? Jan 03, 2017 9 natural personal care predictions for 2017 Dec 30, 2016 Shortening the supply chain [NEXT Forecast 2017] Jan 03, 2017 10 stories shaping the natural products industry Dec 29, 2016 News Natural products movers & shakers—December 2016 Catch up on who did what in the natural products industry this month. Jan 04, 2017 The Hain Celestial Group Inc. announced recent executive team appointments for Hain Celestial United States, Hain Pure Protein Corporation and Hain Celestial United Kingdom. Gary W. Tickle joins Hain Celestial as chief operating officer.  He has served in various executive roles driving innovation, global strategy development and execution at Nestlé Group. Jerome "Jay" W. Erskin joins Hain Celestial as chief supply chain officer.  He started his business career at Kraft Foods Inc. as a manufacturing and procurement manager and has served in various capacities at The Dannon Company, MARS Petcare, Chobani and SK Food Group. James "Jamie" F. G. Fay joins Hain Celestial as chief customer officer with a substantial background as a senior sales and marketing executive in the natural, conventional and mass channels, most recently at Nature's Path Foods. Leah Dunmore was appointed vice president, marketing, better-for-you pantry for Hain Celestial United States, having previously held positions at Campbell Soup Company and Mars Chocolate. At Celestial Seasonings, Tim Collins joined the company as vice president, marketing, having previously held positions with Kraft Heinz Company, Teavana at Starbucks, and Procter and Gamble. James R. Meiers has been appointed chief executive officer, Hain Pure Protein Corporation. James Skidmore has been appointed chief executive officer Hain Daniels. Gary D. Wu, MD, is the recipient of the 2017 AGA-Dannon Gut Microbiome in Health Award from the AGA Research Foundation and The Dannon Company. Dr. Wu is a professor of medicine, Ferdinand G. Weisbrod chair in gastroenterology, and co-director of the PennCHOP Microbiome Program, at Perelman School of Medicine of the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia.  Breanna Santy has joined the sales team at Vital Essentials as an inside sales representative responsible for the Mid-Atlantic and New England regions.  C.A. Fortune announced that Dwight Richmond has been named vice president and will serve as the company’s enterprise leader in the natural channel. Richmond has more than 25 years experience in the natural grocery industry—in retail, distribution, wholesale, category management, including at the corporate level at Whole Foods Market and Earthfare. Guy Woodman has been promoted to general manager of Euromed, a leader in standardized botanical extract manufacturing for the supplement, food, cosmetic and pharmaceutical industries. He had worked alongside the former GM who just stepped down, Joe Veilleux, for many years, and is primed to take full responsibility for oversight of the firm’s U.S. operations. The Organic Trade Association added Kelley Poole and Megan DeBates to its team as vice president of government affairs and director of legislative affairs and coalitions, respectively. Poole has previously provided oversight of public policy and regulatory activities to industry groups as director of government relations for Vertro Solutions, and served as special assistant to the under secretary for food, nutrition and consumer services under the Bush Administration. DeBates was formerly a senior legislative assistant to the U.S. Congressman Peter A. DeFazio. TAGS: General 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Packaging spotlight: 5 natural product rebrands that rockJul 15, 2016 When launching a new product, begin with the end in mindJul 12, 2016 "The age of the gut" - the business opportunity beyond probioticsJun 02, 2016 Meal kit delivery sales could reach $1.5 billion this year, Packaged Facts estimatesMay 23, 2016 Load More About Us Contact Advertise Standards Graphics Center Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Google Linkedin Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Fragrances and Perfumes - Merchandising News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 04, 2017, 19:56 ET Share this article LONDON, Jan. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Fragrances and Perfumes in US$ Million by the following Segments: Womens Fragrances & Perfumes, Mens Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 329 companies including many key and niche players such as - Avon Products, Inc. Beaute Prestige International Bulgari Parfums Cartier Perfumes and Colognes Chanel SA Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4484185/ I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONS Study Reliability and Reporting Limitations I-1 Disclaimers.............. I-2 Data Interpretation & Reporting Level I-2 Quantitative Techniques & Analytics I-3 Product Definitions and Scope of Study I-3 1. Women's Fragrances & Perfumes I-3 2. Men's Fragrances & Perfumes..............I-3 3. Unisex Fragrances..............I-3 II. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW.............. II-1 Fragrances and Perfumes - Indispensable Part of Personal Grooming II-1 Global Market Overview & Analysis II-3 Developed Countries Dominate the Global Fragrances & Perfumes Market.............. II-3 Developing Nations to DriveFuture Growth II-4 Table 1: Growth of Developing Markets Vis-à-Vis Developed Regions: 2015-2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-4 Fragrances and Perfumes Market - Analysis by Segment II-4 Premium Vis-a-vis Mass Fragrances II-5 Table 2: World Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Premium and Mass Perfumes for Women, Men, and Unisex (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-5 Emerging Trend of Luxury Niche Fragrances II-6 Premium Fragrances - The Landscape II-6 Counterfeiting Hampers Growth of Premium Fragrance Sector II-6 Competition.............. II-7 Consolidation Activity Picks up Pace II-7 Leading Players.............. II-7 Table 3: Leading Players in the Global Fragrances and Perfumes Market (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales by Company (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-8 Table 4: Leading Players in the Global Prestige Perfumes Market (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales by Company (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-8 Table 5: Leading Brands in the Global Prestige Perfumes Market (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales by Brand (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9 Table 6: Market Share of Leading Players in the Global Prestige Perfumes Market by Region (2016E) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-9 Strong Brand Image Raises the Barrier for Small Players' Entry II-10 Players Focus on Brand Licensing to Tap Promising Fragrance Market.............. II-10 2. MARKET TRENDS & ISSUES..............II-11 Fragrances and Perfumes: A Launch-Driven Market II-11 Unisex Perfumes Dominate New Launches II-11 Celebrity Fragrances Experience Decline II-12 Niche Fragrances - A High Growth Market II-12 Perfumes in Smaller Packages Grow in Popularity II-12 Fragrance Layering Gets Popular..............II-12 Handmade Perfumes Gain Spotlight II-13 Brands Provide Platform for Customized Perfumes II-13 Heritage Fragrances Witness Resurgence II-13 Popularity of Ethical and Natural Perfumes II-14 Re-Emergence of Natural Elements II-14 Flankers Tone up Fragrances Market II-14 New Perfumes with Skin and Mood Enhancers II-15 Exotic Middle East Fragrances Enters Western Markets II-15 Summer Fragrances: Significant Demand during Travel Time II-15 Fragrance Houses Target Toddlers II-15 Top Brands Don a New, Vivacious Look II-15 Relaunches Essential for Brand Preservation II-16 Marketing & Distribution..............II-16 Application Innovations..............II-17 Innovative Packaging: Order of the Day II-17 Advertising - Vital for Market Growth II-17 Internet Retailing Catches Up Momentum II-17 Stores & Supermarkets Try to Attract Teenage Customers II-18 3. SELECT MARKET TRENDS BY DEMOGRAPHIC SEGMENT II-20 Treading the Olfactory GAP..............II-20 Women's Fragrances..............II-20 Classification of Women's Perfumes Based on Olfactory Feature II-21 Celebrity Scents Continue to Fuel the Women's Fragrances Market II-21 Older Floral Fragrances Give Way to Oriental and Natural Fragrances.............. II-22 White Floral Fragrances Find Favor among Women II-22 Retro Fragrances Back in Fashion II-22 Changing Usage Pattern among Aging Baby Boomer Population II-22 Men's Fragrances.............. II-23 Growing Importance of Men's Fragrance Segment II-24 Emerging into a Dynamic Sector..............II-24 Classification of Men's Perfumes based on Olfactory Feature II-25 Younger Men - A Crucial Customer Base for Innovative Products II-25 Travel Fragrances - Now a Man Thing II-25 Floral Scents - No More Girlie..............II-25 Mass Fragrances Witness Upward Trend II-26 Male-Focused Retail Strategies Gain Momentum II-26 Teenagers - New Market for Premium Fragrances II-27 4. PRODUCT OVERVIEW.............. II-28 Fragrances and Perfumes - An Indispensable Aspect of Life II-28 The Art of Perfuming..............II-28 The Art of Blending.............. II-29 A Sniff into the Past..............II-29 Distinction between Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances II-30 5. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS AND INTRODUCTIONS II-31 Hugo Boss Introduces Boss Bottled Intense Eau De Parfum II-31 Estee Lauder Launches Classic Modern Muse Fragrance II-31 Carolina Herrera Unveils Mystery Tobacco Fragrance II-31 Donna Karan Introduces DKNY Be Tempted Eau So Blush Perfume II-31 Guerlain's L'Art and la Matiere Collection Unveils Neroli Outrenoir Fragrance..............II-31 Kenzo Fragrances Launches Kenzo World Perfume For Women II-31 The brand of Creed Introduces Rose Imperiale Fragrance II-31 Kenneth Cole Launches Black Bold Fragrance II-31 Giorgio Armani Launches Cuir Majeste Fragrance II-32 Hanae Mori Launches Purple Butterfly Perfume II-32 Louis Vuitton Introduces New Perfume Range II-32 Dolce & Gabbana Unveils Velvet Pure Perfume II-32 Diesel fragrances Launches Diesel Bad Fragrance II-32 Elizabeth Arden Introduces Always Red Femme Perfume II-32 Tommy Hilfiger Introduces The Girl fragrance II-32 Bvlgari Launches Black Orient Fragrance for Men II-32 Chanel Launches Chanel Allure Homme Sport Cologne II-32 Guerlain Launches Ma Robe Sous le Vent Fragrance II-33 Maison Margiela Unveils Four New Eau De Parfum Fragrances II-33 Bulgari Introduces Two New Scents for Men II-33 Eurofragance Introduces Range of Six Fragrances, Rememories II-33 Louis Vuitton Introduces its First Perfume Range II-33 Versace Unveils Dylan Blue Frangrance for Men II-33 Chanel Introduces "Oh, Boy"...............II-33 International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. Launches PuraVita II-33 Coach Introduces New Perfume, Coach the Fragrance II-33 Robert Graham Unveils a Collection of Fragrances for Men II-33 Hermès Launches Two New Scents II-34 DAVIDOFF Launches DAVIDOFF Horizon II-34 Avon Launches Magnetic Musk Accord II-34 Millennium Fragrances Introduces Perfume for Children, Les amis de Kaloo.............. II-34 Victoria's Secret Introduces Customisable Fragrances II-34 Calvin Klein Launches New Gender-Free Fragrance II-34 Avon Releases Romantic New Fragrance Amour II-34 Ralph Lauren Fragrances Launches RALPH FRESH II-34 Jil Sander Introduces JIL SANDER ULTRASENSE WHITE for Men II-34 Estee Lauder to Launch Pleasures Florals II-35 Dolce & Gabbana to Launch Light Blue 2015 Collection II-35 Christian Dior to Launch Miss Dior J'Adore Hair Mist Collection II-35 Jennifer Lopez to Introduce Jluxe II-35 Kenzo to Launch Jeu D'Amour..............II-35 Givenchy to Launch Gentleman Only Casual Chic II-35 YSL Launches Paris Premieres Roses 2015 II-35 Oscar de la Renta to Introduce Extraordinary II-35 Giorgio Armani to release Acqua di Gio Profumo II-36 Givenchy Introduces Jardin Precieux II-36 Ralph Lauren Launches Polo Red Intense II-36 Chanel to Release Les Exclusifs de Chanel Misia II-36 Nina Ricci to Launch L'Extase..............II-36 Elizabeth Arden Launches Untold Eau Fraiche Perfume II-36 Guerlain to Launch Le Bouquet de la Mariee II-36 Cartier Launches Eau de Cartier Vétiver Bleu II-36 Karl Lagerfield Launches Paradise Bay Fragrance Collection II-37 Hermes Launches Terre D'Hermes Perspective Fragrance II-37 Donna Karan Introduces DKNY Delicious Delights II-37 Marc Jacobs to Introduce Mod Noir Fragrance II-37 Dunhill Unveils Dunhill Icon..............II-37 Issey Miyake to Launch L'eau d'Issey City Blossom II-37 Gucci Launches Gucci Guilty Diamond Limited Edition II-37 6. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY..............II-38 Coty Completes Merger of P&G Specialty Beauty Business II-38 Revlon Acquires Elizabeth Arden..............II-38 L'Oréal to Acquire Atelier Cologne II-38 Puig Acquires Minority Stake in EB Florals II-38 Elizabeth Arden to Takeover P&G's Christina Aguilera Fragrance Business.............. II-38 Kilian Acquires Estée Lauder..............II-38 Tiffany and Coty to Collaborate on Tiffany's New Perfume Line II-38 Shiseido Completes Takeover of Serge Lutens II-38 InterparfumsSA Extends Montblanc License Agreement II-39 Agilex Fragrances Acquires Airabella II-39 Interparfums SA Completes Rochas Brand Acquisition II-39 Revlon Acquires CBBeauty..............II-39 Interparfums SA and Coach Sign Global License Agreement II-39 Shiseido Acquires Serge Lutens II-39 Flavor & Fragrance Specialties Merges with Lucta SA II-39 Puig Acquires Penhaligon's..............II-39 7. FOCUS ON SELECT GLOBAL PLAYERS & MAJOR BRANDS II-40 Avon Products, Inc. (US)..............II-40 Beaute Prestige International (France) II-40 Bulgari Parfums (Switzerland)..............II-41 Cartier Perfumes and Colognes (France) II-41 Chanel SA (France)..............II-41 Clarins Fragrance Group (France) II-41 Cacharel (France).............. II-42 Coty, Inc. (US).............. II-42 Calvin Klein Inc. (US)..............II-42 Davidoff (Switzerland)..............II-43 CREED (France).............. II-43 Estée Lauder Companies, Inc. (US) II-43 Euroitalia SRL (Italy)..............II-44 Moschino Perfumes and Colognes (Italy) II-44 Versace Perfumes and Colognes (Italy) II-44 Falic Fashion Group (US)..............II-45 Perry Ellis Perfumes and Colognes (US) II-45 Gucci Group NV (Italy)..............II-45 Hermes International (France)..............II-45 Inter Parfums, Inc. (Country NA) II-46 Burberry Perfumes and Colognes (UK) II-46 Boucheron Perfumes and Colognes (France) II-46 L'oreal SA (France).............. II-46 Giorgio Armani (Italy)..............II-47 Lancôme Paris (France)..............II-47 Ralph Lauren (US)..............II-47 LVMH Group (France).............. II-48 Kenzo (Japan).............. II-48 Givenchy (France)..............II-48 Guerlain (France)..............II-49 O Boticário (Brazil)..............II-49 Prada (Italy).............. II-49 Puig Beauty & Fashion Group S.L (Spain) II-50 Revlon, Inc. (US).............. II-50 Yves Saint Laurent (France)..............II-51 8. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE..............II-52 Table 7: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-52 Table 8: World Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-53 Table 9: World 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-54 Fragrances & Perfumes Market by Product Segment II-55 Table 10: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-55 Table 11: World Historic Review for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-56 Table 12: World 14-Year Perspective for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-57 Table 13: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Men's Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-58 Table 14: World Historic Review for Men's Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-59 Table 15: World 14-Year Perspective for Men's Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-60 Table 16: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Unisex Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-61 Table 17: World Historic Review for Unisex Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-62 Table 18: World 14-Year Perspective for Unisex Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan), The Middle East & Africa, and Latin America Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-63 III. MARKET 1. THE UNITED STATES.............. III-1 A.Market Analysis.............. III-1 Market Overview and Trends..............III-1 Table 19: The US Fragrances Market by Product Category (2016E): Percentage Market Share Breakdown for Fine/Premium Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-1 Fragrance Consumers Prefer More Natural Scents III-2 Men's Fragrance Segment Gains Prominence III-2 Teenagers Gain Importance in Premium Fragrances Segment III-2 Companies Steer Away from Celebrity Fragrances III-2 Gift Sets: A Round-the-Year Business III-3 Flankers Continue to Drive Sales III-3 Direct Mail and Innovative Advertisements Spur Growth III-3 Exclusive Fragrances Gain Prominence III-3 Generation Y Shows High Potential III-4 Women's Fragrance Market - An Overview III-4 Purchasing Trends..............III-4 Demographic Trends..............III-5 Fragrance Usage among African-American Women III-5 Aromachology Grows Strong in Women's Fragrances III-5 Men's Fragrances - An Overview III-5 Table 20: The US Male Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015: Percentage Market Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-6 Fragrance Penetration among US Men III-6 Table 21: Factors Impacting Men's Fragrance Prior to Purchase (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-7 Table 22: Factors Impacting Men's Fragrance Purchases in Stores (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-7 Brand Preference Rampant among Men III-8 Competitive Landscape..............III-8 Table 23: Leading Fragrances Companies in the US (2014): Percentage Market Share Breakdown of All-Channel Revenues by Company (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-8 Distribution Trends..............III-9 Table 24: The US Fragrance Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Share Breakdownof Salesfor Department Stores, Specialist Stores, Supermarkets/Hypermarkets, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-9 Chain Drug Stores Achieve Greater Gains III-9 Product Launches..............III-10 Strategic Corporate Developments III-12 Select Key Players..............III-13 B.Market Analytics..............III-18 Table 25: The US Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-18 Table 26: The US Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-19 Table 27: The US 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-20 2. CANADA.............. III-21 A.Market Analysis.............. III-21 Current & Future Analysis..............III-21 Market Leaders.............. III-21 Table 28: Leading Players in Canadian Fragrances Market (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Value Sales for Coty Canada, L'Oréal Canada, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-21 B.Market Analytics..............III-22 Table 29: Canadian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-22 Table 30: Canadian Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-23 Table 31: Canadian 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-24 3. JAPAN.............. III-25 A.Market Analysis.............. III-25 Current & Future Analysis..............III-25 Table 32: Japanese Women's Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-25 Table 33: Japanese Men's Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-26 Trends and Issues.............. III-26 Relaxation and Healing Properties Drive Fragrance Penetration III-26 Light Fragrance Products Remain Popular III-26 Young Consumers Drive Growth of Fragrance Products III-26 Consumer Behavior Trends..............III-27 Demographic Trends..............III-27 Competitive Scenario..............III-27 Distribution Scenario..............III-27 Table 34: Japanese Women's Fragrance Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Department Stores, Specialist Stores/Perfumeries, Drugstores, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-28 Table 35: Japanese Men's Fragrance Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Department Stores, Specialist Stores/Perfumeries, Drugstores, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-28 Product Launch.............. III-28 Strategic Corporate Development III-29 B.Market Analytics..............III-29 Table 36: Japanese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-29 Table 37: Japanese Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-30 Table 38: Japanese 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-31 4. EUROPE.............. III-32 A.Market Analysis.............. III-32 Overview.............. III-32 Table 39: Western European Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Premium and Mass Fragrances for Women, Men, and Unisex (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-33 Market Trends.............. III-33 Niche Perfumes and Natural Fragrances - A Growing Market III-33 Small-Sizes Remain in Vogue III-33 Retail Scents Acquire Importance in Fragrance Portfolio III-34 Brand Loyalty Shows Varying Trends across European Regions III-34 Eastern Europe - A Lucrative Market III-34 Women's Fragrances..............III-35 Men's Fragrances..............III-35 Competition.............. III-36 Table 40: Leading Players in West European Fragrances Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Revenues by Company (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-36 Regulatory Scenario..............III-36 B.Market Analytics..............III-37 Table 41: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK, Spain, Russia, and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-37 Table 42: European Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK, Spain, Russia, and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-38 Table 43: European 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for France, Germany, Italy, UK, Spain, Russia, and Rest of Europe Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-39 Table 44: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-40 Table 45: European Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-41 Table 46: European 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-42 4a. FRANCE.............. III-43 A.Market Analysis.............. III-43 Current & Future Analysis..............III-43 Women's Fragrances..............III-43 Table 47: French Women's Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-44 Men's Fragrances..............III-44 Table 48: French Men's Fragrance Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-44 Distribution Trends..............III-45 Table 49: French Fragrance Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Perfumeries, Grocery, Department Stores, Specialist Stores, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-45 Product Launches..............III-45 Strategic Corporate Developments III-48 Select Key Players..............III-48 B.Market Analytics..............III-53 Table 50: French Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-53 Table 51: French Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-54 Table 52: French 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-55 4b. GERMANY.............. III-56 A.Market Analysis.............. III-56 Current & Future Analysis..............III-56 Competitive Scenario..............III-56 Table 53: Leading Fragrance Companies in Germany (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales for Coty Deutschland GmbH, P&G Prestige Products GmbH, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-56 Women's Fragrances - An Overview III-57 Men's Fragrances..............III-57 Distribution Scenario..............III-57 Table 54: German Women's Fragrances and Perfumes Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Market Share Breakdown for Perfumeries, Grocery, Department Stores, Drug Stores, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-57 Table 55: German Men's Fragrances & Perfumes Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Perfumeries, Grocery, Department Stores, Drug Stores, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-58 Key Player - Escada..............III-58 B.Market Analytics..............III-59 Table 56: German Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-59 Table 57: German Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-60 Table 58: German 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-61 4c. ITALY.............. III-62 A.Market Analysis.............. III-62 Current & Future Analysis..............III-62 Women's Fragrances..............III-62 Table 59: Italian Women's Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-62 Men's Fragrances..............III-63 Table 60: Italian Men's Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-63 Competitive Scenario..............III-63 Table 61: Leading Fragrance Companies in Italy (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales for Chanel Srl, Procter & Gamble, Christian Dior, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-63 Distribution Scenario..............III-64 Table 62: Italian Women's Fragrances Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Perfumeries and Mass Market (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-64 Table 63: Italian Men's Fragrances Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Market Share Breakdown for Perfumeries, Grocery, Department Stores, Drug Stores, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-64 Product Launches..............III-65 Select Key Players..............III-66 B.Market Analytics..............III-68 Table 64: Italian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-68 Table 65: Italian Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-69 Table 66: Italian 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-70 4d. THE UNITED KINGDOM..............III-71 A.Market Analysis.............. III-71 Current & Future Analysis..............III-71 Women's Fragrances - An Overview III-71 Men's Fragrances..............III-72 Competitive Scenario..............III-72 Table 67: Leading Fragrance Companies in the UK (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales for Coty UK Ltd., Procter & Gamble UK Ltd., Prestige & Collections, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-72 Table 68: The UK Fragrances Market by Product Segment (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Revenue for Mass and Premium Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-72 Major Distributors..............III-73 Export /Import Scenario..............III-73 Table 69: UK Perfume Exports (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Export Value by Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-73 Table 70: UK Perfume Imports (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Import Value by Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-74 Product Launch.............. III-74 Strategic Corporate Development III-74 Key Player - Burberry Perfumes and Colognes III-74 B.Market Analytics..............III-75 Table 71: The UK Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-75 Table 72: The UK Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-76 Table 73: The UK 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-77 4e. SPAIN.............. III-78 A.Market Analysis.............. III-78 Current & Future Analysis..............III-78 Fine Fragrance- A Major Revenue Contributor III-78 Table 74: Spanish Mass Market for Fragrances (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Mass and Upper Mass Markets (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-78 Table 75: Spanish Mass Market for Fragrance (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Men's Fragrances, Women's Fragrances, and Light Colognes (frescas) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-79 Open Retailing- The New Mantra III-79 Sprouting Demand for Fragrances with Lighter Notes III-79 Women's Fragrances Market..............III-79 Table 76: Spanish Women's Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-80 Men's Fragrance Market..............III-80 Table 77: Spanish Men's Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-81 Table 78: Spanish Men's Fragrances Market by Distribution Channel (2015): Percentage Market Share Breakdown for Perfumeries/Specialty Stores, Grocery Stores, Department Stores, Drug Stores, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-81 Strategic Corporate Developments III-82 Puig Beauty & Fashion Group S.L - A Key Player III-82 B.Market Analytics..............III-83 Table 79: Spanish Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-83 Table 80: Spanish Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-84 Table 81: Spanish 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-85 4f. RUSSIA.............. III-86 A.Market Analysis.............. III-86 Current & Future Analysis..............III-86 Market Overview.............. III-86 Competitive Scenario..............III-86 Table 82: Leading Players in the Russian Women's Fragrances Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdownof Sales for Procter & Gamble, L'Oréal, LVMH, Estée Lauder Companies, Chanel, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-87 Table 83: Russian Cosmetics & Perfumery Market by Origin (2015): Percentage Market Share of Revenue for Imported and Local Products (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-87 Trends.............. III-87 Women Fragrances & Perfumes Market III-87 Men's Fragrances Market..............III-88 B.Market Analytics..............III-88 Table 84: Russian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-88 Table 85: Russian Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-89 Table 86: Russian 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-90 4g. REST OF EUROPE.............. III-91 A.Market Analysis.............. III-91 Current & Future Analysis..............III-91 Focus on Select Countries..............III-91 Belgium.............. III-91 Overview.............. III-91 Table 87: Belgian Fragrances Market by Product Segment (2014): Percentage Share Breakdown for Female Fragrances, Male Fragrances, and Unisex Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-91 Czech Republic.............. III-92 Overview.............. III-92 Women's Fragrances..............III-92 Table 88: Czech Women's Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-93 Men's Fragrances..............III-93 Table 89: Czech Men's Fragrances Market by Product Category (2015): Percentage Market Share Breakdown for Fine Fragrances and Mass Fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-93 Competitive Scenario..............III-93 Denmark.............. III-94 Overview.............. III-94 Finland.............. III-94 Overview.............. III-94 Hungary.............. III-95 Overview.............. III-95 Poland.............. III-95 Overview.............. III-95 Sweden.............. III-96 Overview.............. III-96 Table 90: Swedish Fragrances Market by Product Segment (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown for Female Fragrance, Male Fragrance, and Unisex Fragrance (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-96 The Netherlands..............III-97 An Insight.............. III-97 Table 91: Dutch Fragrances Market by Product Segment (2015): Market Share of Female fragrances, Male fragrances, and Unisex fragrances (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-97 Women's Fragrances..............III-97 Men's Fragrances..............III-97 Product Launches..............III-98 Bulgari Parfums (Switzerland) - A Key Player III-98 B.Market Analytics..............III-99 Table 92: Rest of European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-99 Table 93: Rest of European Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-100 Table 94: Rest of European 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-101 5. ASIA-PACIFIC.............. III-102 A.Market Analysis.............. III-102 Overview.............. III-102 Fragrances in Asia-Pacific..............III-102 Social and Geographic Trends - A Glance III-103 Asia - A Price Sensitive Market III-103 Popularity of Premium Fragrances- A Regional Overview III-103 B.Market Analytics..............III-104 Table 95: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Australia, China, India and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-104 Table 96: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Australia, China, India and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-105 Table 97: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Australia, China, India and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-106 Table 98: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-107 Table 99: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-108 Table 100: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-109 5a. AUSTRALIA.............. III-110 Market Analysis.............. III-110 Table 101: Australian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-110 Table 102: Australian Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-111 Table 103: Australian 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-112 5b. CHINA.............. III-113 A.Market Analysis.............. III-113 Domestic Vs. International Players III-113 Table 104: Leading Players in the Chinese Fragrances Market (2014): Percentage Breakdown of Value Share by Company (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-114 Women's Fragrances..............III-114 Men's Fragrances..............III-114 B.Market Analytics..............III-115 Table 105: Chinese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-115 Table 106: Chinese Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-116 Table 107: Chinese 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-117 5c. INDIA.............. III-118 A.Market Analysis.............. III-118 Fragrance Market Offer Plethora of Business Opportunities III-118 Growing Popularity of Designer Labels And Brands III-118 Women's and Men's Fragrances III-119 B.Market Analytics..............III-119 Table 108: Indian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-119 Table 109: Indian Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-120 Table 110: Indian 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-121 5d. REST OF ASIA-PACIFIC..............III-122 A.Market Analysis.............. III-122 Focus on Select Countries..............III-122 Hong Kong.............. III-122 Overview.............. III-122 Singapore.............. III-122 Overview.............. III-122 Thailand.............. III-123 Overview.............. III-123 B.Market Analytics..............III-124 Table 111: Rest of Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-124 Table 112: Rest of Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-125 Table 113: Rest of Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-126 6. THE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA..............III-127 A.Market Analysis.............. III-127 Focus on Select Countries..............III-127 Israel.............. III-127 Kuwait.............. III-127 Saudi Arabia.............. III-128 United Arab Emirates..............III-128 South Africa.............. III-128 Table 114: Leading Players in the South African Fragrances Market (2014): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales for Avon, Indigo, Revlon, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-129 Product Launch.............. III-129 B.Market Analytics..............III-130 Table 115: The Middle East & African Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-130 Table 116: The Middle East & African Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-131 Table 117: The Middle East & African 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-132 7. LATIN AMERICA.............. III-133 A.Market Analysis.............. III-133 Table 118: Leading Players in the Latin American Fragrances Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Sales by Company (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-133 B.Market Analytics..............III-134 Table 119: Latin American Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Brazil, Mexico and Rest of Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-134 Table 120: Latin American Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Brazil, Mexico and Rest of Latin America Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-135 Table 121: Latin American 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Brazil, Mexico and Rest of Latin America Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-136 Table 122: Latin American Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-137 Table 123: Latin American Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-138 Table 124: Latin American 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-139 7a. BRAZIL.............. III-140 A.Market Analysis.............. III-140 Overview.............. III-140 Growing Popularity of Gourmand Fragrances III-140 Women's & Men's Fragrances..............III-141 Key Player.............. III-141 B.Market Analytics..............III-142 Table 125: Brazilian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-142 Table 126: Brazilian Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-143 Table 127: Brazilian 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-144 7b. MEXICO.............. III-145 A.Market Analysis.............. III-145 Competition.............. III-145 Women's & Men's Fragrances..............III-145 B.Market Analytics..............III-146 Table 128: Mexican Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-146 Table 129: Mexican Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-147 Table 130: Mexican 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-148 7c. REST OF LATIN AMERICA..............III-149 A.Market Analysis.............. III-149 Focus on Select Countries..............III-149 Argentina.............. III-149 Women's & Men's Fragrances III-149 Colombia.............. III-149 B.Market Analytics..............III-150 Table 131: Rest of Latin American Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-150 Table 132: Rest of Latin American Historic Review for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Sales Figures in US$ Million for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-151 Table 133: Rest of Latin American 14-Year Perspective for Fragrances & Perfumes by Product Segment - Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Women's Fragrances & Perfumes, Men's Fragrances & Perfumes, and Unisex Fragrances Markets for Years 2009, 2016, and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. III-152 IV. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE Total Companies Profiled: 329 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries - 355) The United States (98) Canada (3) Japan (6) Europe (231) - France (91) - Germany (24) - The United Kingdom (34) - Italy (44) - Spain (15) - Rest of Europe (23) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (7) Latin America (4) Middle-East (5) Africa (1) Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4484185/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-fragrances-and-perfumes---merchandising-300385983.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Jan 04, 2017, 19:58 ET Preview: Global Retail Display Market 2017-2020 Jan 04, 2017, 19:54 ET Preview: Global Glycerin - Chemicals & Minerals My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 15:22 ET2016-2021 Emerging US Point-of-Care/POC Clinical Chemistry... Jan 12, 2017, 15:19 ETFrontier Pharma: Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus - GPCRs and Protein... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Fragrances and Perfumes - Merchandising News provided by ReportBuyer Jan 04, 2017, 19:56 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Follow @triplepundit 46.6k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 3p Content Shop 3p Weekend: 10 Companies Going Zero Waste to Landfill by Mary Mazzoni on Friday, Jan 6th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) With a busy week behind you and the weekend within reach, there’s no shame in taking things a bit easy on Friday afternoon. With this in mind, every Friday TriplePundit will give you a fun, easy read on a topic you care about. So, take a break from those endless email threads, and spend five minutes catching up on the latest trends in sustainability and business. Each year, the National Park Service manages more than 100 million pounds of waste — and now Subaru will help them do it. With the start of the new year, business leaders around the world are contemplating how to take their companies to the next level when it comes to sustainability. And despite what’s happening in Washington, American businesses are rising the occasion — cutting carbon emissions, conserving water and energy, and engaging employees around their goals. If you’re looking for a bit more inspiration for the new year, consider this: Has your company ever thought about going zero waste? These 10 firms working toward zero waste to landfill prove it’s possible. And no, it won’t kill jobs or hurt profits. 1. Subaru Subaru of Indiana Automotive (SIA), the automaker’s only U.S. manufacturing plant, hasn’t sent waste to local landfills in over 12 years. The same goes for two of Subaru’s manufacturing plants in Japan. Thanks to suggestions from employees, Subaru reuses everything from auto part packaging to staff food scraps. On a net basis, its Indiana plant saves $1 to $2 million per year due to reduction and reuse — and Subaru has the best profit margin in the automotive industry. And the reuse and recycling doesn’t stop at the factory: About 96 percent of the components in a Subaru vehicle can also be recycled or reused. Organizations across the world noticed Subaru’s moves and asked the company how the heck they did it. Subaru agreed to benchmark with several of these organizations, including the National Park Service, to help them accomplish zero waste in their own operations. 2. Sierra Nevada Back in 2013, Sierra Nevada said it saved more than $5 million by diverting nearly 100 percent of its waste from landfills. The U.S. Zero Waste Business Council certified its Chico, California, brewery as a platinum-level Zero Waste Facility the same year. And the company kept those numbers up, diverting 99.8 percent of its solid waste in 2014. To accomplish this feat, the company sends its spent brewing ingredients — at least 150,000 pounds of malted barley and 4,000 pounds of hops a day — to local cattle and dairy farms for use as feed. Its Chico brewery is also home to the first HotRot composting system in the U.S. Since it was installed in 2010, the system has transformed more than 5,000 tons of the company’s organic waste into rich compost which is then used in its Estate hop field, barley field and garden. The company has a similar partnership with a local composting company near its brewery in Mills River, North Carolina. 3. Toyota Subaru isn’t the only automaker making waves in zero waste. In fact, the automotive sector is one of the widest adopters of such policies — and Toyota is a prime example. The company’s North American facilities reduced, reused or recycled 96 percent of their non-regulated waste in 2015 — totaling over 900 million pounds. The automaker became a founding member of the U.S. Zero Waste Building Council two years earlier. It now has 27 North American facilities that meet the council’s definition of a zero-waste site, including 10 manufacturing plants. And the U.S. EPA recognized Toyota Motor North America with a WasteWise Partner of the Year Award last year. 4. Unilever Two years ago this month, Unilever announced that over 240 of its factories achieved the company’s goal of sending zero non-hazardous waste to landfill. By replicating its zero-waste model in other parts of the business, nearly 400 additional sites eliminated waste-to-landfill as of February of last year. Unilever says its journey to zero waste saved the company over $225 million and “created hundreds of jobs.” To help others achieve similar results, Unilever teamed up with value-chain platform 2degrees last year to help bring organizations together around the zero-waste model. “While I am proud of what our employees and partners have achieved across our manufacturing operations and the wider business, there is a lot more to be done to inspire a wide-scale movement,” Pier Luigi Sigismondi, chief supply chain officer for Unilever, said in a statement last year. “It is time to accelerate efforts to move towards a zero-waste world and our new collaboration with 2degrees will allow us to share lessons and experiences, and to encourage other businesses and industries to take up the zero-waste challenge. By building a network of partners and working together, we can eliminate waste on an unprecedented scale across the globe.” 5. Ford Another leader from the automotive sector, Ford Motor Co. is making serious gains toward zero waste. The automaker aimed to reduce waste-to-landfill by 40 percent per vehicle between 2011 and 2016. It blew past this target, achieving a 54 percent reduction by 2015. The company now operates 63 zero-waste-to-landfill facilities around the world, including all of its Mexican and Canadian plants. In 2015 alone, six Ford manufacturing plants and 29 non-manufacturing plants achieved zero-waste-to-landfill status. 6. Fetzer Vineyards Fetzer Vineyards, one of Mendocino County, California’s largest wineries, has been sustainable from the start. It’s the largest wine company in the world to receive B Corp certification and the first winery in California to operate on 100 percent renewable energy. Fetzer, which was purchased by Chilean wine company Viña Concha y Toro in 2014, was also the first winery to publicly report its greenhouse gas emissions with the climate registry, but even that is not enough: The company hopes to be net carbon positive by 2030. Fetzer’s bold sustainability goals include eliminating waste from its supply chain. It was the first wine company in the world to receive zero-waste certification from the U.S. Zero Waste Building Council — and it achieved the council’s highest honor, platinum certification. “This achievement reinforces that companies can work to create a closed loop system that is both profitable and sustainable,” Josh Prigge, sustainability manager at Fetzer Vineyards, said of the milestone in a 2014 statement. And we’re inclined to agree. 7. Procter & Gamble Consumer packaged goods giant Procter & Gamble has a bold goal for 2020: for each of its plants to send zero manufacturing waste to landfill. Reaching this target would divert 95 percent of the waste the company produces — and it’s already well on its way. Today, more than 55 percent of P&G sites are send zero manufacturing waste to landfill. Other waste produced, such as office paper and food scraps, is diverted through employee-led programs. And the company says such staff-led initiatives allowed its Costa Rica plant to go entirely zero-waste-to-landfill. In the future, P&G also hopes to completely eliminate consumer waste stemming from its products through the use of recycling education campaigns and moves to increase the recyclability of its packaging. 8. New Belgium Brewing Is there something about alcohol that makes business leaders want to stop waste in its tracks? If so, pour us another glass. Another leader in the brewing space, New Belgium now diverts 99.9 percent of its waste from landfills. It also achieved platinum certification from the U.S. Zero Waste Business Council. To achieve this feat, the company carried out an exhaustive waste audit of more than 500 waste collection points across its Fort Collins, Colorado, facility. By identifying best management practices and end-of-life scenarios for each material, staffers were able to find a useful application for nearly every bit of waste they produce. “However, there is still more to do!” the company says on its website. “We are constantly looking at ways to close loops and eliminate waste generated in the first place.” 9. Google As part of its portfolio of sustainability targets, Google is looking to cut the waste produced by its data centers down to size. Although Google didn’t set a deadline for when it expects to go fully zero-waste, six of its 14 data centers sent nothing to landfill last year. And 86 percent of the tech giant’s waste is reused or recycled globally. Google’s ‘moonshot’ campaign to cut waste at data centers includes aggressive reuse campaigns to create a second life for data servers. Googlers are also looking for ways to recycle old office furniture and introduce more composting to further reduce waste. 10. Microsoft In November of last year, Microsoft became the first technology company to have a facility awarded zero-waste certification from the U.S. Green Building Council. The company’s headquarters in Redmond, Washington — where more than 44,000 employees work in 125 buildings across 500 acres — now diverts 90 percent of its waste from landfills. Image credits: 1) Subaru (press use only); 2) Fetzer Vineyards (press use only)  Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6298 articles in this category: Industrial Plant in India Turns CO2 Into Baking Soda Corporate Water Stewardship: A Slow Market? ExxonMobil Talks Climate Change But Ramps Up Petrochemical Biz Based in Philadelphia, Mary Mazzoni is the senior editor of TriplePundit. She is also a freelance journalist with a passion for storytelling and sustainability. Her work has appeared in the Philadelphia Daily News, Earth911, the Huffington Post, Sustainable Brands and the Daily Meal. Mary is a lifelong vegetarian with an interest in climate resilience, clean tech and social justice. You can contact her at mary@triplepundit.com. Follow Mary Mazzoni @mary_mazzoni Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Log In | Become a Member | Contact Us Leading printing executives into the future Connect on Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn Home Economics Wide Format Labels & Packaging Print Software Webinars White Papers Report Store Jobs News Commentary & Analysis Data Analysis Video Center Merger & Acquisitions Featured:     January Economic Webinar     Printing Business Outlook 2017 Report     European Coverage     Production Inkjet Analysis New President, Board Members Elected by RadTech Friday, January 06, 2017 Press release from the issuing company Bethesda, MD - RadTech is pleased to announce that Lisa Fine of Joules Angstrom UV Printing Inks, is assuming the presidency of RadTech International--the nonprofit for Ultraviolet and Electron Beam (UV+EB) Technologies, for a two year term beginning January 1, 2017. Peter Weissman, Quaker Chemical Corp. will move to immediate past president.  Eileen Weber of Red Spot Paint and Varnish has been nominated to serve as President Elect, and will assume office in 2019. New RadTech Board members have also been elected including:  Susan Bailey, IGM Resins; David Biro, Sun Chemical, and Michael Gould, RAHN USA. Also, Christopher M. Seubert, Ford Motor Co., has been elected to serve as an at-large board member. Returning RadTech Board members include: Alexander Polykarpov, AkzoNobel; Jo Ann Arceneaux, Allnex USA Inc.; George McGill, Coatings and Adhesives Corp.; Xiaosong Wu, DSM Functional Materials; Mark Gordon, Inx International Ink Co.; Beth Runlet, Katecho Inc.; Paul Elias, Miwon North America; Jennifer Heathcote, Phoseon Technology; and Alrick Warner, Procter and Gamble. RadTech represents nearly 700 members worldwide, at the forefront of new material and process developments, including 3D printing, UV LEDs, food packaging, electronic materials and displays, and inkjet applications. The next major industry event is the uv.eb WEST 2017 Materials + Manufacturing Summit, Conference and Exhibition, February 27-March 1, in San Francisco, CA http://www.uvebwest.com.      Tweet       Email    Print    Order Reprints   Post a Comment To post a comment Log In or Become a Member, doing so is simple and free   Industry News First Canadian Installation of Kodak NexPress ZX Digital Production Colour Press at Advocate Printing Canon’s Continued Innovation Earns Company Position Among Top Three U.S. Patent Holder Companies  Ricoh Engagement Marketing Executive Symposium fosters conversations on print’s role in an omnichannel world Brandtjen & Kluge appoints new Director of Sales - Latin America and Senior Advisor Coating Solutions FLYERALARM Invests in Kornit Allegro Press Kao Collins Launches New “Ink Tank” to showcase Innovative Inking  GK Vale Targets Indian Online Market with Taopix Photo Commerce Platform All Today's Industry News » SHARE Email Tweet Print Video Frank Looks Back at Early Variable Data Printing Change Management in Print MIS The Impact of Production Inkjet on Thomson Reuters Core Publishing Solutions Packaging Prepress: Gold Standard for Product Presentation How PIA and Idealliance Collaborate for the Benefit of the Industry A "Changed and Augmented" Medium for the 21st Century More Video » WhatTheyThink Job Board Production Assistant at Rescigno's in Bridgeview, IL Technical Sales at Splice Solutions Inc. in Mid West Assistant Professor at California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California Software Sales Manager at IQ in North America Software Sales Representative at Aleyant in Wheaton, IL View More Jobs Recent Blog Posts Customer Experience 2.0 (Digital Nirvana) 25 Tips for Successful Content Marketing (Digital Nirvana) Unemployment Rate Steady at 6.3%; Data Imply Stabilizing Labor Market (Dr. Joe) What is Responsive Web Design? (Digital Nirvana) Digital Print Quality Issue: Punch, Counterpunch (Digital Nirvana) Are Younger Designers Unaware of Local Printing and Support? (Digital Nirvana) More » Recent Webinars December Economic Update: 2017 US Economy Outlook and Commercial Printing Forecast Post-Election Economic Webinar Tricks of the Trade in Workflow Automation October 2016 Printing Industry Economic Update More Webinars » Become a Member Join the thousands of printing executives who are already part of the WhatTheyThink Community. Log in or register to access your WhatTheyThink Account Help & Member Center Contact Us Member Center About About WhatTheyThink Syndication and News Licensing Reprints Sponsorship Submit Your News Privacy Policy Terms WhatTheyThink Services Consulting Research Speakers Bureau Economic Advisory Service Corporate Membership   Copyright © 2017 WhatTheyThink. All Rights Reserved    
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Health January 6, 2017 10:56 am Updated: January 6, 2017 11:01 am No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death, health officials say By Maria Verza The Associated Press ; Posts shared by several websites in the past two months reference a Mexican mother who applied the ointment to her sick toddler son's body, including under his nose in order to help him breathe. Jennifer Crosby/ Global News What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A viral Facebook post claims a 2-year-old boy died after his mother applied Vicks VapoRub to his skin, but the manufacturer and authorities in U.S. and Mexico say they have no record of such a death. Posts shared by several websites including smag31.com and naij.com in the past two months reference a Mexican mother who applied the ointment to her sick toddler son’s body, including under his nose in order to help him breathe. The post says he later was found dead due to inflammation of the respiratory tract. The story blames camphor in the ointment for the death. Story continues below READ MORE: Flu season – signs you’re too sick and should stay home The story does not name the mother, the baby or the place of death. Versions of the story have been posted in previous years, with some including a reference to a woman named Elena who works in a tortilla factory. U.S. Food and Drug Administration spokeswoman Andrea Fischer said a search of a database dating back to 1968 reveals no deaths of children using VapoRub. Reporting of adverse reactions to medication by health care professionals or consumers is voluntary, she said. READ MORE: Flu outbreaks, hospitalizations reported across Canada, latest numbers show The office representing Mexico’s health secretary also said it had no record of any death caused by VapoRub. Velvet Gogol Bennett, a spokeswoman for VapoRub-maker Procter & Gamble Co., said the Cincinnati-based company has investigated the story’s claims but it has never received any notification from any local health authority, hospital, doctor or “official news organization anywhere in the world.” READ MORE: Here’s what works and what doesn’t when you’re fighting a cough and cold VapoRub contains low, government-approved doses of camphor. The label advises against VapoRub’s use in children younger than 2 and says the cough-suppressant shouldn’t be applied near the mouth or in the nostrils. P&G also markets a Vicks BabyRub for infants 3 months and up that doesn’t contain camphor. READ MORE: What happens to your body when you get the flu, step by step Camphor use on young children has been a subject of concern for doctors. A 2009 report in the journal Pediatrics described three New York City toddlers who suffered seizures after they had eaten camphor products, inhaled camphor or had it rubbed on them for colds. The products included folk remedies, pesticides and air fresheners. The labeling on VapoRub was supported by findings from a 2009 study by Wake Forest University researchers published in the journal Chest, although it suggested VapoRub could cause respiratory distress in infants and small children. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error vaporub memes vicks vaporub vicks vaporub ban vicks vaporub banned vicks vaporub fda vicks vaporub safety Editor's Picks Canada Fake news: A real-life Cruella de Vil didn't skin dozens of Texas cats Canada Why Justin Trudeau’s trip to the Aga Khan’s island matters Consumer No, you do not have to pay a 'settlement fee' if you get an illegal download notice Health Trump's support for anti-vaxxers could lead to deadly outbreaks, disease expert warns Canada Why is Canada's top diplomat, Chrystia Freeland, banned from Russia? Lifestyle How much does it cost to raise a kid in Canada? Politics Russian intel report: Where the information came from, what it says and lingering questions FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 303184 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 69595 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 41828 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 24290 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 22554 Sponsored content Popular Videos Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Obama makes final weekly address as sitting president WATCH NOW Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW President Barack Obama surprises Vice President Joe Biden with Presidential Medal of Freedom WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 303184 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 69595 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 41828 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 24290 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 22554 Sponsored content Popular Videos Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Obama makes final weekly address as sitting president WATCH NOW Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW President Barack Obama surprises Vice President Joe Biden with Presidential Medal of Freedom WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Hannah Roberts Jan. 6, 2017, 4:58 AM 2,064 facebook linkedin twitter email print Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer. AP Photo Good morning. Here's everything you need to know in the world of advertising today. 1. A fired Snapchat employee claims the company lied to investors ahead of its IPO. Snap Inc., as Snapchat is now called, has denied the allegations, countering that they are "totally made up by a disgruntled former employee." 2. Verizon's still not sure if its $4.8 billion Yahoo deal will close, five months after announcing it. That's according to Verizon's executive VP Marni Walden, who was asked at an investor event on Thursday if the company would proceed with the initial deal. 3. This is how brands are using Twitter's most recent customer service tool "featured tweet," reports Digiday. Brands including Starbucks, Citibank, Hotels.com and Hyatt are curating custom profiles on Twitter. 4. One of Wall Street's most accurate tech analysts, RBC Capital's Mark Mahaney, predicts the 10 biggest surprises for 2017. By "surprises," Mahaney says he defines it as "an event that the average Internet investor thinks is highly improbable, but we believe has a reasonable chance (30%+) of occurring." 5. Here are three reasons Hulu's under-$40-a-month cable TV competitor could be a major hit, according to Nomura Instinet analyst Anthony DiClemente. An attractive price, a lot of content, and industry-leading features. 6. Music streaming service SoundCloud may run out of cash this year as it posted a €51 million ($54 million) loss. The company is now admitting that, should its subscription service flop, its funding may run dry this year. 7. This is how news broadcasters are using Instagram Stories, Digiday reports. Right now, the feature is more about sampling than drawing in viewership to owned platforms. 8. Two of Procter & Gamble Co.'s home care brands will make their debut at this year's Super Bowl, Ad Age reports. Mr. Clean and Febreze will each have 30 second spots. 9. Snapchat's Spectacles "bot" vending machine has been spotted near the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, The Drum reports. Twitter is exploding over it. 10. Media execs shares their progress on January detoxing, Digiday reports. Twitter’s Europe chief, Bruce Daisley said: "For me, life is about sustainable moderation. I have three dry days a week all year. January is too bleak to forgo one of the few salvations!" NOW WATCH: Watch President Obama tear up while addressing Michelle in his farewell speech Loading video... Follow Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Advertising: The Brief and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: The Brief facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The 10 things in advertising you need to know today The 10 things in advertising you need to know today Good morning. Here's everything you need to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Advertising Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Advertising Select Advertising: The Brief More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Baby Diapers Market in India and China to Cross US$ 65 Bn Mark by 2023 – Credence Research Baby Diapers Market in India and China to Cross US$ 65 Bn Mark by 2023 – Credence Research By davidbrown   /   Thursday, 05 Jan 2017 09:57PM   /   Comments Off on Baby Diapers Market in India and China to Cross US$ 65 Bn Mark by 2023 – Credence Research   /   81 views share Baby Diapers Market in India and China to Cross US$ 65 Bn Mark by 2023 – Credence Research According to a new market research report published by Credence Research “Baby Diapers (Product – Cloth Diapers, Disposable Diapers, Training Nappies, Swim Pants) Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2023”, the baby diapers market in India and China was valued at US$ 40.9 Bn in 2015 and is estimated to expand with a CAGR of 6.0% from 2016 to 2023. Browse the full report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/india-and-china-baby-diapers-market Market Insights: India and China represent the largest markets, in terms of consumer base and volume, for different consumer products. The era of using traditional cloth diapers is rapidly exiting, especially in India and China, thereby driving the overall baby diapers market growth. The baby diapers market in countries such as China and India is majorly driven by the strong birth rate in the countries as compared to the rest of the world. Another major factor fueling the market growth is the rising awareness regarding baby care and other health issues. With the increasing discretionary income, people here tend to spend more over baby care products such as diapers, food and formula products. This has led to emergence of large consumer base in the countries thereby driving various global players in the two markets. One of the most significant factors positively influencing the market is the rising urbanization across the two countries. Increasing number of female workforce in the countries has led to rise in need for baby care convenience. Using baby diapers largely becomes convenient for such parents thereby fueling the market growth. As a result, adoption of baby diapers and other baby care products has risen substantially in the countries in the past few years. In terms of adoption rate, India leads the India and China baby diapers market. China, however, is estimated to register high growth during the forecast period with the growing inclination towards convenient baby care products. Competitive Insights: The baby diapers market in India and China is consolidated in nature with a few major players contributing to more than fifty percent of the total market revenue. In India, companies such as Procter & Gamble (P&G) Company, Kimberly-Clark Corporation and Unicharm Corporation grab the highest share, in terms of volume and revenue. In order to tap the huge consumer base, these companies focus on providing price competitive products and attractive packaging and marketing. Another major area of focus for the baby diaper manufacturers is attractive packaging of the products. Attractive packaging plays crucial role in case of baby products as it largely helps driving the consumers. This makes attractive packaging is one of the most important strategies adopted by the baby diaper manufacturers. Further, due to rising penetration of online retail in the overall Asia Pacific region, companies are now increasingly promoting their products online so as to capture the consumer base. Key Trends: Ø  Baby diapers using advanced superabsorbent material Ø  Focus on India and China by launching price competitive products Ø  Online product promotion Ø  Brand-name promotion Related Reports: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/baby-diapers-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/video-conferencing-market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/video-conferencing-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Who we are Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals. Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa. Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect. What we do We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability. No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies. Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  Credence Research   Share this: Share on Tumblr Global Rapid Microbiology Tests in Food and Beverages Market to Reach Worth USD 9.3 Bn by 2022 < Previous Global Electrical Enclosure Market to Reach US$ 7.23 Bn by 2023 – Credence Research Next > Recommended stories you may like: Photoresistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photomultiplier Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photoionization Detector Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Phototransistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Photoresistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photoresistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photomultiplier Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photomultiplier Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photoionization Detector Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photoionization Detector Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Phototransistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Phototransistor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photomultiplier Tubes Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photomultiplier Tubes Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photodiode Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photodiode Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Photodetector Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Photodetector Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Thermopile Laser Sensors Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Thermopile Laser Sensors Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Optical Position Sensor Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 13, 2017, Comments Off on Optical Position Sensor Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Homelessness Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Auto Preview Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Homelessness Garcetti, VA chief, make ‘big push’ for LA to end homelessness among veterans By Elizabeth Chou, Los Angeles Daily News Posted: 01/05/17, 9:56 PM PST | Updated: 1 week, 1 day ago # Comments Homeless people pitch their tents along streets near the 101 Freeway in Downtown. Los Angeles, CA 1/5/2017. Photo by John McCoy/Los Angeles Daily News (SCNG) U.S. Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert A. McDonald, who is unlikely to be re-appointed under President Donald Trump, is taking a victory tour of sorts through Los Angeles this week to highlight gains made to improve health care access and wait times for veterans and to rally residents around an ambitious goal to end veteran homelessness. McDonald joined Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti for a stop at Bob Hope Patriotic Hall in downtown L.A. to discuss veteran homelessness, and he announced Operation Reveille, which he described as a “big push” lasting until the end of January to house as many homeless veterans around the country as possible. McDonald said the agency has leaned on Los Angeles to help reduce the national rolls of veterans who live on the streets or have no stable home. The city has the largest population of homeless veterans in the country, even after finding homes for 8,000 of them in recent years, with about 1,200 left to house. “If we don’t make progress in ending veteran homelessness in Los Angeles, we won’t make progress nationally,” McDonald said. He also said he is “proud” that veteran homelessness has been “cut in half since 2010,” when the goal to end homelessness was first set. The secretary joined Garcetti and Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas in signing on to a “recommitment” to the goal of ending veterans homelessness. Garcetti said part of the effort will include calling on landlords in Los Angeles to more freely open their units to homeless veterans who possess vouchers to subsidize their rents. Many homeless Angelenos have reported a difficult time finding a place to live, often waiting 100 to 300 days, he said. Garcetti also asked Angelenos to reach out to the homeless veterans who are living in their neighborhoods and to help connect them to housing. Garcetti said officials in Los Angeles are aiming to get to “functional zero” on the number of homeless veterans, which means there may still be some who are still living on the streets, but that “effectively all the homeless vets that we know will be housed.” To continue maintaining the progress made, Garcetti said that “we will have the infrastructure to quickly house any new veterans who become homeless.” “So this isn’t just about ending the job,” he said. “It’s about keeping the infrastructure so that we never again allow a veteran to stay on the streets very long if we find him or her in Los Angeles.” • RELATED STORY: ELECTION 2016: Los Angeles voters give Prop. HHH green light Los Angeles voters in November approved Proposition HHH, a $1.2 billion bond measure that finances the construction of homeless housing, and the city has committed to providing funding for vouchers and outreach as part of a comprehensive joint plan with the county to tackle homelessness in general. Advertisement Garcetti and Ridley-Thomas said Angelenos have another chance to address homelessness with a March ballot measure that seeks a quarter-cent sales tax hike in L.A. County to fund programs that pair with the homeless housing. • RELATED STORY: LA County Supervisors place quarter-cent sales tax to help homeless on March ballot The local officials also praised McDonald’s efforts to turn around the troubled veterans agency, which has been blasted for making veterans wait months to see doctors. Under McDonald’s stewardship, the veterans administration has turned to private providers to expand veteran access to health care. McDonald, formerly CEO of Procter & Gamble, was confirmed in 2014 to head the agency after the previous VA chief, Eric Shinseki, stepped down amid revelations of falsified records and excessively long wait times for health care. McDonald said the agency is “transforming” and that it now offers “same-day access to primary care and mental health care in every one of our nearly 150 VA medical centers.” Clinic hours also have expanded, including into the weekends, and more nurses and doctors were hired, he said. The agency’s backlog of disability claims, which numbered more than 600,000 three years ago, is “down ... 90 percent,” he said. McDonald has reportedly not interviewed with Trump for another stint, despite calls by some veterans groups last month to re-appoint him. With the expectation that McDonald may not continue under Trump, local officials took the opportunity to thank him. “As the administration winds down its last days, this is somebody who is a national treasure, who can easily continue this work across administrations,” Garcetti said. “And I would hope that we can continue to learn lessons of his leadership, continue to bring that focus.” “I just want to personally thank him for his friendship and for his attention to Los Angeles,” he said. “He has changed lives – thousands of them – for the better.” Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at echou@scng.com or follow Elizabeth on Twitter: @reporterliz. Full bio and more articles by Elizabeth Chou Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 22° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines Kevin Starr, California’s premier historian, dies at 76 Updated: 1 min ago SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Former California State Librarian Kevin Starr, who is deemed the pre-eminent historian of the Golden State, has died. H… Asian shares mostly lower amid Brexit worries, Takata falls Updated: 1 min ago TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly lower Monday morning amid worries about Britain’s exit from the European Union, and Takata stock dropp… Man stabbed during party at university chancellor’s home Updated: 1 min ago Half Mary? Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past Cowboys 34-31 Updated: 9 mins ago PBS Kids round-the-clock TV, online channel launches Monday Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 22° F Clear Feels Like: 16° F Wind: SSE 5 Humidity: 82% Dewpoint: 17° F Sunrise: 7:43 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines WNY Congressman joins fight for domestic violence registry January 10, 2017 A Southern Tier family has new hope now that Congressman Tom Reed has joined the fight for a federal domestic violence registry. Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines This Week’s Women’s Top 25 Fared Updated: 5 mins ago 1. UConn (16-0) beat No. 20 South Florida 102-37; beat SMU 88-48. 2. Baylor (17-1) beat TCU 77-54; beat Kansas 92-43. 3. Maryland (17-1) bea… Plum scores 34, No. 8 Washington beats No. 19 Arizona State Updated: 5 mins ago TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — Kelsey Plum snapped out of an off shooting night to score 15 points in the fourth quarter and No. 8 Washington pulled aw… SMU pulls away from Tulane in second half, 80-64 Updated: 26 mins ago Okogie, Stephens help Georgia Tech beat NC State 86-76 Updated: 26 mins ago Women’s Top 25 Fared 8:10 pm Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 22° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F AP FACT CHECK: No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death PATRICK MAIRS, The Associated Press Published: January 5, 2017, 11:38 pm Updated: January 6, 2017, 5:49 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) A viral Facebook post claims a 2-year-old boy died after his mother applied Vicks VapoRub to his skin, but the manufacturer and authorities in U.S. and Mexico say they have no record of such a death. Posts shared by several websites including smag31.com and naij.com in the past two months reference a Mexican mother who applied the ointment to her sick toddler son’s body, including under his nose in order to help him breathe. The post says he later was found dead due to inflammation of the respiratory tract. The story blames camphor in the ointment for the death. The story does not name the mother, the baby or the place of death. Versions of the story have been posted in previous years, with some including a reference to a woman named Elena who works in a tortilla factory. U.S. Food and Drug Administration spokeswoman Andrea Fischer said a search of a database dating back to 1968 reveals no deaths of children using VapoRub. Reporting of adverse reactions to medication by health care professionals or consumers is voluntary, she said. The office representing Mexico’s health secretary also said it had no record of any death caused by VapoRub. Velvet Gogol Bennett, a spokeswoman for VapoRub-maker Procter & Gamble Co., said the Cincinnati-based company has investigated the story’s claims but it has never received any notification from any local health authority, hospital, doctor or “official news organization anywhere in the world.” VapoRub contains low, government-approved doses of camphor. The label advises against VapoRub’s use in children younger than 2 and says the cough-suppressant shouldn’t be applied near the mouth or in the nostrils. P&G also markets a Vicks BabyRub for infants 3 months and up that doesn’t contain camphor. Camphor use on young children has been a subject of concern for doctors. A 2009 report in the journal Pediatrics described three New York City toddlers who suffered seizures after they had eaten camphor products, inhaled camphor or had it rubbed on them for colds. The products included folk remedies, pesticides and air fresheners. The labeling on VapoRub was supported by findings from a 2009 study by Wake Forest University researchers published in the journal Chest, although it suggested VapoRub could cause respiratory distress in infants and small children. ___ Associated Press writer Maria Verza in Mexico City contributed to this story. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Giving Gavin the gift of sound January 11, 2017 Gavin, who will be 3 in February, is nearly blind and would be severely deaf, without new cochlear implants Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Health Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Nutrition & Fitness Children's Health No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death Published January 05, 2017 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print  (Diane Labombarbe) A viral Facebook post claims a 2-year-old boy died after his mother applied Vicks VapoRub to his skin, but the manufacturer and authorities in U.S. and Mexico say they have no record of such a death. Posts shared by several websites including smag31.com and naij.com in the past two months reference a Mexican mother who applied the ointment to her sick toddler son's body, including under his nose in order to help him breathe. The post says he later was found dead due to inflammation of the respiratory tract. The story blames camphor in the ointment for the death. The story does not name the mother, the baby or the place of death. Versions of the story have been posted in previous years, with some including a reference to a woman named Elena who works in a tortilla factory. More on this... 6 over-the-counter children’s remedies that could be dangerous Should you use homeopathic medicine for your baby? Canadian woman shares photos of sick daughter to warn against dangers of not vaccinating children U.S. Food and Drug Administration spokeswoman Andrea Fischer said a search of a database dating back to 1968 reveals no deaths of children using VapoRub. Reporting of adverse reactions to medication by health care professionals or consumers is voluntary, she said. The office representing Mexico's health secretary also said it had no record of any death caused by VapoRub. Velvet Gogol Bennett, a spokeswoman for VapoRub-maker Procter & Gamble Co., said the Cincinnati-based company has investigated the story's claims but it has never received any notification from any local health authority, hospital, doctor or "official news organization anywhere in the world." VapoRub contains low, government-approved doses of camphor. The label advises against VapoRub's use in children younger than 2 and says the cough-suppressant shouldn't be applied near the mouth or in the nostrils. P&G also markets a Vicks BabyRub for infants 3 months and up that doesn't contain camphor. Camphor use on young children has been a subject of concern for doctors. A 2009 report in the journal Pediatrics described three New York City toddlers who suffered seizures after they had eaten camphor products, inhaled camphor or had it rubbed on them for colds. The products included folk remedies, pesticides and air fresheners. The labeling on VapoRub was supported by findings from a 2009 study by Wake Forest University researchers published in the journal Chest, although it suggested VapoRub could cause respiratory distress in infants and small children. Advertisement Trending in Health 1 There's a scientific reason women are always colder than men 2 Huntington, W. Va.: The Nation's Unhealthiest City 3 Surviving Cancer 4 Can women orgasm during childbirth? 5 Can a cold shower really benefit your hair, skin and metabolism? See all Trends Top Health Centers View All Back Pain Cancer Depression Heart Disease Pain Management Sexual Health Beauty & Skin Cold and Flu Digestive Health Nutrition Pregnancy Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
AP FACT CHECK: No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death - WFSB 3 Connecticut Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH HOME News U.S. & World News National International Health Entertainment National Sports Business Technology Strange War on Terror Local Stories Only Fairfield County News Politics Face the State Face the State Closings and Delays WFSB Mobile Sign up for text and mobile alerts Liberty Bank Surprise Squad 3Cares Hometown Heroes Something's Brewing Inside Channel 3 Talent appearance request form Contact Us Intern at WFSB! Meet the Eyewitness News Team Connecticut Science Center Blogs Press Releases Tours & Visits Do you have a news tip for WFSB? TV Listings Birthdays and Anniversaries FCC 398 Children's Television Programming Report 3 On The Radio Do you have a news tip for WFSB? Birthdays and Anniversaries Science Sunday Connecticut Science Center Lost and Pound Pets Trail Mix Weather Pinpoint Doppler Livestream Ski Report Interactive Radar 7-Day Forecast Technical Discussion Pinpoint Doppler Loop Closings and Delays WFSB Radar Maps and Radar Weather Bug iCams Early Warning Weather Tracker Early Warning Weather Day WFSB Mobile Sign up for text and mobile alerts Traffic Gas Buddy Pothole Patrol Video iWitness Trending Now Main Laff Watch CBS Shows CBS News Livestream To Order DVD's of WFSB News Stories Better Video Network I-Team Your Health Medical Rounds Nominate someone as one of Connecticut's Community Voices Better CT Better Health Better Money with Johnson Brunetti Carla in the Kitchen Sports High School Sports Scores Thursday Night Football Friday Night Football Friday Night Frenzy Winter Edition Hartford Marathon 2016 Friday Night Frenzy Spring Edition Entertainment Better Coupons LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Entertainment news from the AP Entertainment News from TV Guide Daily Animated Comic Money Personal Finance Your Job Business Small Business Home/Family Home & Garden Parenting Seniors Education Green Health Women's Health Diet & Fitness Men's Health Seniors' Health The Latest from HealthDay Children's Health Sex & Relationships Live Well Health Topics Food What's Cooking Now Favorite Recipe Collections Pets Dogs Cats Tech Travel Hot travel deals! Beauty & Style Weddings Fashion Hair & Makeup Shopping Auto VideoBytes In the Know Print AP FACT CHECK: No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death Posted: Thursday, January 5, 2017 3:49 PM EST Updated: Thursday, January 5, 2017 3:50 PM EST By PATRICK MAIRS Associated Press A viral Facebook post claims a 2-year-old boy died after his mother applied Vicks VapoRub to his skin, but the manufacturer and authorities in U.S. and Mexico say they have no record of such a death. Posts shared by several websites including smag31.com and naij.com in the past two months reference a Mexican mother who applied the ointment to her sick toddler son's body, including under his nose in order to help him breathe. The post says he later was found dead due to inflammation of the respiratory tract. The story blames camphor in the ointment for the death. The story does not name the mother, the baby or the place of death. Versions of the story have been posted in previous years, with some including a reference to a woman named Elena who works in a tortilla factory. U.S. Food and Drug Administration spokeswoman Andrea Fischer said a search of a database dating back to 1968 reveals no deaths of children using VapoRub. Reporting of adverse reactions to medication by health care professionals or consumers is voluntary, she said. The office representing Mexico's health secretary also said it had no record of any death caused by VapoRub. Velvet Gogol Bennett, a spokeswoman for VapoRub-maker Procter & Gamble Co., said the Cincinnati-based company has investigated the story's claims but it has never received any notification from any local health authority, hospital, doctor or "official news organization anywhere in the world." VapoRub contains low, government-approved doses of camphor. The label advises against VapoRub's use in children younger than 2 and says the cough-suppressant shouldn't be applied near the mouth or in the nostrils. P&G also markets a Vicks BabyRub for infants 3 months and up that doesn't contain camphor. Camphor use on young children has been a subject of concern for doctors. A 2009 report in the journal Pediatrics described three New York City toddlers who suffered seizures after they had eaten camphor products, inhaled camphor or had it rubbed on them for colds. The products included folk remedies, pesticides and air fresheners. The labeling on VapoRub was supported by findings from a 2009 study by Wake Forest University researchers published in the journal Chest, although it suggested VapoRub could cause respiratory distress in infants and small children. ___ Associated Press writer Maria Verza in Mexico City contributed to this story. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Traffic I-Team Weather 7-Day Forecast Doppler Loop Maps and Radar Better CT Inside Channel 3 Advertise with Us Job Openings Online Public Inspection File Closed Captioning Children’s Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public Inspection File Contact All content © 2017, WFSB; Hartford, CT. (A Meredith Corporation Station) . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
AP FACT CHECK: No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print AP FACT CHECK: No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death Posted: Thursday, January 5, 2017 3:49 PM EST Updated: Thursday, January 5, 2017 3:50 PM EST NationalMore>> Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:36 PM EST2017-01-16 02:36:10 GMT A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he was out of town, police said.More > A man was stabbed during an early morning house party at the home of a Massachusetts university chancellor while he was out of town, police said.More > Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More >    By PATRICK MAIRS Associated Press A viral Facebook post claims a 2-year-old boy died after his mother applied Vicks VapoRub to his skin, but the manufacturer and authorities in U.S. and Mexico say they have no record of such a death. Posts shared by several websites including smag31.com and naij.com in the past two months reference a Mexican mother who applied the ointment to her sick toddler son's body, including under his nose in order to help him breathe. The post says he later was found dead due to inflammation of the respiratory tract. The story blames camphor in the ointment for the death. The story does not name the mother, the baby or the place of death. Versions of the story have been posted in previous years, with some including a reference to a woman named Elena who works in a tortilla factory. U.S. Food and Drug Administration spokeswoman Andrea Fischer said a search of a database dating back to 1968 reveals no deaths of children using VapoRub. Reporting of adverse reactions to medication by health care professionals or consumers is voluntary, she said. The office representing Mexico's health secretary also said it had no record of any death caused by VapoRub. Velvet Gogol Bennett, a spokeswoman for VapoRub-maker Procter & Gamble Co., said the Cincinnati-based company has investigated the story's claims but it has never received any notification from any local health authority, hospital, doctor or "official news organization anywhere in the world." VapoRub contains low, government-approved doses of camphor. The label advises against VapoRub's use in children younger than 2 and says the cough-suppressant shouldn't be applied near the mouth or in the nostrils. P&G also markets a Vicks BabyRub for infants 3 months and up that doesn't contain camphor. Camphor use on young children has been a subject of concern for doctors. A 2009 report in the journal Pediatrics described three New York City toddlers who suffered seizures after they had eaten camphor products, inhaled camphor or had it rubbed on them for colds. The products included folk remedies, pesticides and air fresheners. The labeling on VapoRub was supported by findings from a 2009 study by Wake Forest University researchers published in the journal Chest, although it suggested VapoRub could cause respiratory distress in infants and small children. ___ Associated Press writer Maria Verza in Mexico City contributed to this story. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Health News Previous Story Tips for giving babies peanut-based foods to prevent allergy Next Story Western snowstorm draws skiers, but leaves deadly conditions Home » The Associated Press » Health News » AP FACT CHECK: No… AP FACT CHECK: No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death By PATRICK MAIRS January 5, 2017 3:41 pm Share A viral Facebook post claims a 2-year-old boy died after his mother applied Vicks VapoRub to his skin, but the manufacturer and authorities in U.S. and Mexico say they have no record of such a death. Posts shared by several websites including smag31.com and naij.com in the past two months reference a Mexican mother who applied the ointment to her sick toddler son’s body, including under his nose in order to help him breathe. The post says he later was found dead due to inflammation of the respiratory tract. The story blames camphor in the ointment for the death. The story does not name the mother, the baby or the place of death. Versions of the story have been posted in previous years, with some including a reference to a woman named Elena who works in a tortilla factory. See who is being considered for the incoming administration on our Tracking the Transition page. U.S. Food and Drug Administration spokeswoman Andrea Fischer said a search of a database dating back to 1968 reveals no deaths of children using VapoRub. Reporting of adverse reactions to medication by health care professionals or consumers is voluntary, she said. Advertisement The office representing Mexico’s health secretary also said it had no record of any death caused by VapoRub. Velvet Gogol Bennett, a spokeswoman for VapoRub-maker Procter & Gamble Co., said the Cincinnati-based company has investigated the story’s claims but it has never received any notification from any local health authority, hospital, doctor or “official news organization anywhere in the world.” VapoRub contains low, government-approved doses of camphor. The label advises against VapoRub’s use in children younger than 2 and says the cough-suppressant shouldn’t be applied near the mouth or in the nostrils. P&G also markets a Vicks BabyRub for infants 3 months and up that doesn’t contain camphor. Camphor use on young children has been a subject of concern for doctors. A 2009 report in the journal Pediatrics described three New York City toddlers who suffered seizures after they had eaten camphor products, inhaled camphor or had it rubbed on them for colds. The products included folk remedies, pesticides and air fresheners. The labeling on VapoRub was supported by findings from a 2009 study by Wake Forest University researchers published in the journal Chest, although it suggested VapoRub could cause respiratory distress in infants and small children. ___ Associated Press writer Maria Verza in Mexico City contributed to this story. Topics: Health News Lifestyle News Media News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Health News » AP FACT CHECK: No… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Health News Previous Story Tips for giving babies peanut-based foods to prevent allergy Next Story Western snowstorm draws skiers, but leaves deadly conditions Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AP FACT CHECK: No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death By Associated Press Published: 15:43 EST, 5 January 2017 | Updated: 15:43 EST, 5 January 2017 e-mail A viral Facebook post claims a 2-year-old boy died after his mother applied Vicks VapoRub to his skin, but the manufacturer and authorities in U.S. and Mexico say they have no record of such a death. Posts shared by several websites including smag31.com and naij.com in the past two months reference a Mexican mother who applied the ointment to her sick toddler son's body, including under his nose in order to help him breathe. The post says he later was found dead due to inflammation of the respiratory tract. The story blames camphor in the ointment for the death. The story does not name the mother, the baby or the place of death. Versions of the story have been posted in previous years, with some including a reference to a woman named Elena who works in a tortilla factory. U.S. Food and Drug Administration spokeswoman Andrea Fischer said a search of a database dating back to 1968 reveals no deaths of children using VapoRub. Reporting of adverse reactions to medication by health care professionals or consumers is voluntary, she said. The office representing Mexico's health secretary also said it had no record of any death caused by VapoRub. Velvet Gogol Bennett, a spokeswoman for VapoRub-maker Procter & Gamble Co., said the Cincinnati-based company has investigated the story's claims but it has never received any notification from any local health authority, hospital, doctor or "official news organization anywhere in the world." VapoRub contains low, government-approved doses of camphor. The label advises against VapoRub's use in children younger than 2 and says the cough-suppressant shouldn't be applied near the mouth or in the nostrils. P&G also markets a Vicks BabyRub for infants 3 months and up that doesn't contain camphor. Camphor use on young children has been a subject of concern for doctors. A 2009 report in the journal Pediatrics described three New York City toddlers who suffered seizures after they had eaten camphor products, inhaled camphor or had it rubbed on them for colds. The products included folk remedies, pesticides and air fresheners. The labeling on VapoRub was supported by findings from a 2009 study by Wake Forest University researchers published in the journal Chest, although it suggested VapoRub could cause respiratory distress in infants and small children. ___ Associated Press writer Maria Verza in Mexico City contributed to this story. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Alts Currency-Hedged Equities Fixed-Income New ETFs Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → January → New Bearish ETF Bets on Widely Observed Consumer Staples, Utilities Sectors New Bearish ETF Bets on Widely Observed Consumer Staples, Utilities Sectors January 5, 2017 at 3:19 pm by Max Chen Direxion has rolled out two new short or bearish exchange traded fund plays that track widely observed consumer staples and utilities sectors. On Thursday, Direxion added the Direxion Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X Shares (NYSEArca: SPLZ) and Direxion Daily Utilities Bear 1X Shares (NYSEArca: UTLZ). Both funds come with a 0.45% net expense ratio. “The Federal Reserve recently raised interest rates and signaled up to three more increases in 2017 due to a strengthening economy, increasing inflation and a multi-year low unemployment rate. Against that backdrop, investors are concerned a rising-rate environment may have a negative impact on their portfolios,” Paul Brigandi, Managing Director at Direxion, said in a note. “The launch of SPLZ and UTLZ is timely, as they both provide inverse exposure to two sectors having historically high sensitivity to rising rates.” As a defensive play, consumer staples would typically underperform during more economically cyclical periods, such as the expected expanding economic environment ahead, which usually coincides with a Federal Reserve interest rate hike to keep growth from overheating. Moreover, bond-esque utilities sector has historically exhibited an inverse correlation to Treasury yields, weakening as rates rise. To hedge against any potential weakness ahead in the consumer staples and utilities sectors, traders could take a look at the newly launched SPLZ and UTLZ. SPLZ tries to reflect the -1x or -100% daily performance of the Consumer Staples Select Sector Index, which includes companies engaged in food & staples retailing 23.0%, household products 19.7%, food products 18.6%, beverages 19.9%, tobacco 17.2% and personal products 1.5%. Top holdings include Procter & Gamble 12.4%, Coca-Cola 8.9%, Philip Morris International 7.8%, Altria Group 6.6% and Wal-Mart 5.7%. The Consumer Staples Bear ETF may act as the simple inverse version for the popular Consumer Staples Select SPDR (NYSEArca: XLP), which tracks the same underlying index. UTLZ tries to reflect the -1x or -100% daily performance of the Utilities Select Sector Index, which is comprised of electric utilities 61.9%, multi-utilities 34.1%, independent power producers & energy trades 1.9% and water utilities 2.1%. Top holdings include NextEra Energy 9.2%, Duke Energy 8.1%, The Southern Co. 7.9%, Dominion Resources 7.9% and Exelon Corp. 5.4%. The Utilities Bear ETF may act as the simple inverse version of the Utilities Select Sector SPDR (NYSEArca: XLU), which tracks the same underlying index. “Single inverse ETFs are trading tools that allow investors to either seek profit or seek to apply a hedge for an existing portfolio position that they anticipate will experience negative returns, in the short term,” according to Direxion. For more information on new fund products, visit our new ETFs category. Categories: New ETFs Tags: Consumer Staples, Inverse ETFs, New ETFs, Sector ETFs, SPLZ, Utilities, UTLZ, XLP, XLU You might also like: All-Star Fund Manager Chris Davis Has Own ETF Splash PowerShares Launches Ultra-Short-Term Bond ETF, Cash Alternative Tracking Market Momentum with a New Smart Beta ETF Online Retail ETF is in Style Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Should a Change in Leadership Mean a Change in Your Financial Strategy? January 15, 2017 Featured, Slider Advisors: The Number 1 Question You’ll Get From Clients and Prospects This Year January 15, 2017 Featured Money Really Can Buy Happiness! January 15, 2017 Featured Politics and Policy Uncertainties Are Likely to Sway the Markets in 2017 January 15, 2017 Featured How the Likely Tax Cuts Affect Your Gains and Losses January 15, 2017 Featured 5 Simple Money Hacks to Start 2017 Right January 14, 2017 Featured Welcome to 2017: Trump Pushing Back on New Rules January 14, 2017 Equities The Power of Income in Our Current Environment January 14, 2017 Fixed-Income Should a Change in Leadership Mean a Change in Your Financial Strategy? January 15, 2017 Featured, Slider Advisors: The Number 1 Question You’ll Get From Clients and Prospects This Year January 15, 2017 Featured Money Really Can Buy Happiness! January 15, 2017 Featured Politics and Policy Uncertainties Are Likely to Sway the Markets in 2017 January 15, 2017 Featured How the Likely Tax Cuts Affect Your Gains and Losses January 15, 2017 Featured ETF STRATEGIST CHANNEL Ready to Rev Up in 2017? Operations as a Vehicle for Investment Success By Astor Investment Management Analyzing December Data Before Looking to the Year Ahead By Clark Capital Management 2017: The Next Chapter After a Remarkable 12 Months By Nottingham Advisors Reducing US Stocks to Bring Balanced Portfolios Closer to Long-Term Targets By Rod Smyth, RiverFront Investment Group About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT ETF Education Central ETF Analyzer ETF Resume Premium Membership ETF Trends Education Articles Index Category Highlights Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2016 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by CORRECTING and REPLACING Braun Launches Newly Innovated Series 9 to U.S. Consumers NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Seventh paragraph, fourth sentence of the release dated January 4, 2017, suggested retail price of the shaver should read $299-329 (sted $389.99). Corrected releases reads: BRAUN LAUNCHES NEWLY INNOVATED SERIES 9 TO U.S. CONSUMERS New Product Gives Men Tools to Optimize and Refresh Their Morning Routines in the New Year Today Braun, the world’s most trusted* grooming brand, renowned for its expertly crafted male grooming tools, introduces the NEW Braun Series 9 collection to the U.S. market. The newly innovated premium and exclusive range of electric shavers, offers men the most efficient shave so they can face, with confidence, every challenge that life brings their way. The New Year is the perfect time for men to refresh and optimize their daily grooming routine. With the NEW Series 9, Braun is putting men in the driver’s seat, giving them the tools, down to the smallest detail, so that they are prepared to take on the day. The new shaver has been designed for the discerning man who is not willing to compromise on the details that matter and demands the best performance from his shaver. The newest innovation of the NEW Series 9 is its enhanced titanium coated trimmer, which offers detail, style, precision and performance for the world’s most efficient shave. Central to the razor surface is a unique golden strip delivering optimal shave technology. The HyperLift & Cut Trimmer coated with Titanium Nitride (TiN) improves the shaver’s ability to glide over the skin with a low level of friction, providing a pleasant and superior feel against the skin. It also protects from corrosion and wear, and increases durability, allowing the NEW Series 9 to deliver up to 50,000 shaves. “Over the last few years we have witnessed a dramatic shift on the importance men place on looking their best before walking out of the door,” said Braun Grooming Expert, Sascha Breuer. “Having a morning routine in place has proven to boost confidence for tackling the day ahead, and grooming is central to that routine because when you look good, you feel good. The best shaving tool to achieve that every day is the NEW Braun Series 9, which sets a new standard of excellence as it ensures the most efficient and exceptionally gentle shave.” The shaver’s fully flexible SyncroSonic™ shaving head navigates facial contours with ease. The five shaving elements in the shaving head work together to capture every type of hair. Braun’s advanced micro-adaptation OptiFoil™ shaving foils maneuver nimbly to cut hair as close to the skin as possible over every contour. They work with the center cutting elements, creating precision that minimizes the risk of top layers of skin being cut during shaving and helps avoid skin irritation. The glide is further enhanced with the shaver’s Protective SkinGuard, which catches stubble and beard hairs to use fewer strokes than an average razor and, in turn, creates less tugging and pulling at the skins surface, even with several days’ growth. It is also compatible with water, foam and gel grooming products, leaving the choice comfortably in men’s hands. The NEW Braun Series 9 demonstrates state of the art attention to detail and premium design. Not only do its new features improve the male grooming experience, it also has a sleek look designed for efficiency and strength. The shaver is available in a chrome, silver, black, or blue finish and comes with a charger stand for simple refueling. The shaver is available at Amazon, Walmart, Target, Bed Bath & Beyond, and Best Buy and has a suggested retail price of $299-329. For more information visit www.news.Braun.com. *Tested on 3 day beards vs. leading premium tier products. Details: www.braun.com/study-results About Braun Braun, a subsidiary of Procter & Gamble founded in Germany in 1921, develops and manufactures a wide variety of small domestic appliances that marry technical innovation, reliable quality and distinctive design. These range from electric shavers to beauty products. Braun products enjoy worldwide distribution. Please visit http://www.braun.com for the latest news and in-depth information about the Braun brand. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Tagsattention, capture, maneuver Post navigation Previous PostPrevious First Alert to Exhibit at CES 2017 Next PostNext Introducing Kiss By Rihanna Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Courtesy Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page. Executive Operations Mobility Facebook focused on helping businesses “organically interact” with customers, Zuckerberg says Eric Emin Wood @ericewood Published: January 5th, 2017 Few friends are more important to Facebook Inc. founder Mark Zuckerberg than businesses. During Facebook’s third-quarter earnings call on Nov. 2 its CEO, who last year revealed a 10-year plan for the company, outlined what he called a three-phase strategy to help businesses and their customers connect using the social network. “The first phase is building a great consumer experience and getting it to scale,” he said. “The second phase is about enabling people to organically interact with businesses. And then the third phase is to give businesses tools to reach more people, and that’s where we build our business.” Naturally mobile devices, which continue to represent 84 per cent of Facebook’s ad revenue, are included in that strategy. However, Zuckerberg admitted that while he believes Facebook subsidiary Instagram has entered the so-called “third phase,” with more than 500 million monthly and overthan 300 million daily active users, its mobile instant messaging platform Messenger remains early in the second, though he extolled the virtues of recently adding such business-friendly features as chatbot support, noting that more than 33,000 bots are now live on the platform. “We’re helping businesses and consumers increasingly interact in richer ways,” he said. Another focus, Zuckerberg said, is building communities around brand new apps such as Workplace, the recently launched Slack competitor that essentially allows companies to create a private Facebook for their employees, and which is already used by more than 1000 organizations, including Starbucks, Royal Bank of Scotland, and Danone; and Marketplace, a Kijiji-like service integrated into the main Facebook app that Zuckerberg said has been used by millions. Marketing efforts remain mobile-first Elsewhere, Facebook’s marketing efforts continue to focus on three priorities: capitalizing on the shift to mobile, increasing the number of marketers using its ad products, and making ads more relevant and effective, COO Sheryl Sandberg said during the call, emphasizing that as users have shifted to mobile, Facebook remains focused on “helping businesses catch up.” Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg says the company is committed to helping businesses reach customers through their mobile devices. “We know that marketing shifts take time,” she said. “The first TV ads showed people standing in front of microphones reading their radio ads. Similarly, many of the first mobile video ads were TV ads dropped into mobile. Ads optimized for each platform often perform better, so marketers are increasingly tailoring their creative for mobile.” As an example, Sandberg cited Proctor & Gamble’s Tide laundry detergent, which in a typical TV ad begins with a clean dress or shirt before showing it getting stained, then cleaned with Tide. Because messages need to be delivered on mobile devices more quickly, the company’s mobile ads begin by showing Tide cleaning a stained garment. And though full-service marketing agencies initially chafed at such restrictions, they can serve as a boon to the many small businesses who use Facebook as their sole online marketing platform, she said. “Rather than needing a camera crew and production budget, anyone with a smartphone can shoot a video and share it on Facebook,” Sandberg said. “In the past month alone, over 3 million small businesses have posted a video on Facebook, including organic posts and ads.” She also cited Facebook’s recently introduced lookalike audience and dynamic ads features – the latter a tool that shows users interested in a type of product or company where they might find what they’re looking for nearby – as examples of its efforts to make ads more relevant and effective. “Our goal is to be the number one driver of growth for our clients,” Sandberg said. “We’re pleased with the value we’re driving for our partners and remain focused on helping them make the shift to mobile.” Meanwhile, the company’s worldwide user base continues to grow: 1.79 billion people used Facebook in September, according to the company, a significant gain from the 1.7 billion user base reported last quarter, with 1.09 billion mobile users on an average day, an increase of 22 per cent over last year. Our thanks to investment research platform Seeking Alpha for the transcriptions from Facebook’s Nov. 2 Q3 earnings call. Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles Even with recall, residual Note 7 use still higher than new LG and HTC devices combined: Apteligent BlackBerry reveals new smartphone at CES - and it has a keyboard Executive Operations, Mobility Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg About Eric Emin Wood Associate editor at IT World Canada. When not writing about the tech industry enjoys photography, movies, travelling, the Oxford comma, and will talk your ear off about animation if you give him an opening. Follow Follow @ericewood on Twitter Related Content Juniper predicts more chatbots and fintech in 2017 Facebook, Google dominated American app market last year: Nielsen Highlights from Trump’s meeting with Silicon Valley Twitter takes on Facebook Live with Periscope live video integration PageBooks Ayelet Baron – Author, speaker and futurist takes us on a journey to the future of work with an engaging series excerpted from her popular columns in ITBusiness.ca Read More Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2017 ITBusiness.ca
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Dry Shampoo and Conditioner Market, Analysis, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 The dry shampoo and conditioner market has been consolidated by the demands of young females for time-efficient hair styling products. The usage of dry shampoos and conditioners goes beyond the applications of the traditional shampoos, in order to satisfy the customers’ needs in a better way. The recent surge in demand of the dry shampoos, and conditioners is due to the consumers’ desire to preserve color, protection of hair, natural oils, and avoiding chemicals that might damage hair over time. Explore more or request TOC on “Global Dry Shampoo and Conditioner Market” at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/dry-shampoo-and-… Dry shampoos absorb oils from the scalp, leaving the hair to smell fresh. Dry shampoo is washing the hair without water, making it look freshly washed again. Dry shampoos boost the volume of hair. Dry conditioner is used to add protection and shine to coarse, chemically-treated, and scraggly hair ends. The global dry shampoo market can be segmented on the basis of application, and form. On the basis of application, the dry shampoo market can be divided into volume boost shampoo, oil remover shampoo, and combination shampoo. Based on form, the market can be segmented into loose powder, and spray form. Dry shampoo is especially popular among younger women. Nearly four in 10 people aged 16 to 24; along with approximately 23% of women and 13% of men, own a bottle of dry shampoo. This helps to forecast the trends in demography of potential consumers, while female consumer segment are likely to continuously dominate the male consumers, within the dry shampoo market, in the near future. Some of the drivers responsible for the growth of the global dry shampoo, and conditioner market, are new product innovation, online selling, and effective advertising of dry shampoos, and conditioners worldwide. Among all these, continuous product innovations in the field of dry shampoo and conditioners are expected to build sustainable competitive advantages, in the market in near future. Since dandruff is a major concern in the hair ambience segment, beauty and hygiene, the future of dry shampoo market is expected to shine, due to the presence of “piroctone olamine” to prevent dandruff in dry shampoos. Browse related market research at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/consumer-products Lush No Drought Dry Shampoo, Garnier Fructis Volume Extend Instant Bodifier, Batiste Dry Shampoo, and Dove Refresh+ Care Invigorating Dry Shampoo from Unilever, are some of the top dry shampoos available in the market. Oribe Soft Dry Conditioner Spray, and Rockaholic Dirty Secrets Dry Conditioner are some of the common dry conditioners, available in the market. Currently, Procter & Gamble is the leading competitor, in the dry shampoo and conditioner market, followed by Unilever, and L’oreal. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a global market research and consulting company. We provide market research reports, industry reports, business intelligence and research based consulting services across a range of industries. With the help of our professional corporate relations with various companies, our market research offers the most accurate market forecasting. Our analysts and consultants interact with leading companies of the concerned domain to substantiate every single data presented in our publication. Our research assists our client in identifying new and different windows of opportunity and frame informed and customized strategies for expansion in different regions. Contact: Abhishek Executive – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 US/ Canada Toll-Free: 1-888-778-7886 Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 US/ Canada Toll-Free: 1-888-778-7886 This release was published on openPR. Tagscompany, intelligence, major Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nestlé looks for ways to boost stale growth as consumers snub unhealthy food Next PostNext Good Growth Opportunities in Microfluidic Device System Market Till 2020 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Perricone MD Announces New Executive Leadership SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Perricone MD, renowned for its holistic approach to scientifically advanced skincare, diet and nutritional supplements, announces additions to its executive team.  A cult favorite among consumers, celebrities and influencers, Perricone MD has forever been known for being ahead of the scientific curve thanks to effective health-centric skincare and lifestyle solutions that set the brand apart in the prestige space.  “2016 was a year of disruptive innovation for Perricone MD,” said Perricone MD President & CEO Mary van Praag.  “In addition to launching innovative anti-aging solutions to meet the needs of our target consumer, the brand successfully tapped the millennial market with the launch of the Pre:Empt Series.  As we embark on the brand’s 20th anniversary and multiple groundbreaking product launches, we’ve focused on incorporating dynamic additions to our executive team to continue to propel the brand forward for its best year yet.” Announcements to the Perricone MD team are effective immediately: Stephen Hsu joins Perricone MD as Chief Financial Officer.  A serial entrepreneurial CFO, Hsu has successfully honed his leadership skills through various operating environments.  Hsu has had experience in audit, finance and accounting as well as holding controller roles and a number of CFO positions.  Most recently, Hsu was CFO at Simplyshe Inc., a pet lifestyle company where he was instrumental in helping to drive the growth and profitability of the company.  “Stephen is an incredibly engaging leader, which makes him a strong asset to our team,” said van Praag.  “His action oriented nature lends itself well to our company’s fast paced environment.” Etienne von Kunssberg joins Perricone MD as Chief Supply Chain Officer.  Von Kunssberg joins the brand with over 12 years’ experience in managing supply chain challenges within the beauty industry.  Most recently he was Factory General Manager for Coty Inc. and previously ran Coty’s global planning.  Prior to Coty, von Kunssberg worked as the Innovation Program Leader for P&G Operations after holding several supply chain management positions.  “We are thrilled to have someone of Etienne’s caliber join our organization to help accelerate our Supply Chain transformation to provide a solid foundation for our growth plans,” said van Praag.  In an effort to best utilize von Kunssberg’s resources and experience, Perricone MD has shifted its Product Development and QA teams to report to Supply Chain to ensure the rapid deployment of new capabilities are fully in place. Celebrating 20 Years Younger For two decades, Dr. Nicholas Perricone and Perricone MD have built a legacy on delivering cutting-edge skincare solutions that push the scientific envelope.  The Perricone MD philosophy espouses a holistic lifestyle where beauty begins from the inside out.  Established on the foundation of a 3-Tier Solution, Perricone MD promotes an anti-inflammatory diet, the consumption of targeted nutritional supplements and the use of premium anti-inflammatory skincare solutions. Renowned for delivering dramatic clinically tested results, Perricone MD products feature the following award-winning patented sciences: Nrf2 Antioxidant Support Complex, DMAE, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Vitamin C Ester and Neuropeptides. Perricone MD products are available on perriconemd.com and a flagship store in Berkeley, CA, as well as at Sephora, Ulta, Nordstrom, Neimanmarcus.com and other leading specialty stores in the US. Perricone MD products are also available in more than 21 countries around the world in prestige venues. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/perricone-md-announces-new-executive-leadership-300386154.html SOURCE Perricone MD Tagscompany, general, officer Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Stanley Black & Decker Reaches Agreement To Purchase Craftsman Brand From Sears Holdings Next PostNext Tahoe Resources Declares First Monthly Dividend For 2017 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Carlyle Buys Claritas From Nielsen, Installing Team From Catalina Venture By Jack Neff. Published on January 05, 2017. Most Popular Private-equity player Carlyle Group has agreed to acquire the Claritas market segmentation business from Nielsen, installing a ready-made top management team that left the Nielsen Catalina Solutions joint venture last year. Mike Nazzaro Credit: Indian Hill Group The move appears to signal renewed interest in marketing analytics from the publicly held buyout firm Carlyle, which was among players taking a major stake in Nielsen in 2006 but has sold much of that in public offerings over the past five years. The Claritas deal culminates a yearlong process in which former Nielsen Catalina CEO Mike Nazzaro began sifting through more than 100 potential candidates. He and three other top members of his former Nielsen Catalina management team operated under the name Indian Hill Group with the backing of Carlyle and will head the newly independent company. Terms of the deal weren't disclosed, including the size of Claritas, though Mr. Nazzaro said in an interview that the syndicated market segmentation business has thousands of clients, many of which have stayed more than 10 years. Offices in Ithaca, N.Y., and San Diego will remain, though Mr. Nazzaro and others in his top management team will remain in Cincinnati, where they were based with Nielsen Catalina, and build out a larger operation there. Mr. Nazzaro said his team focused on finding established analytics players with more of a "private-equity focus" on stable businesses that could be energized with new investment rather than earlier-stage marketing-tech companies sought after by venture-capital funds. His Nielsen Catalina experience convinced him of rising demand for data and analytics to inform, target and measure the efficacy of marketing. But the veteran of Procter & Gamble Co. -- who helped found consumer feedback website PlanetFeedback.com in 1999 before it ultimately merged with online buzz measurement firm Intelliseek and later was acquired by Nielsen -- also has been looking to expand beyond packaged goods. Claritas, founded in 1971 and known among other things for its widely used PRIZM segmentation model, fit the bill. The business was "a little sub-optimized" at Nielsen, Mr. Nazzaro said, in part because it focuses mainly outside CPG, where much of Nielsen's analytics focus lies. Nielsen, which acquired Claritas in 2009, is exiting because, "we want to simplify our product portfolio and focus on our core strengths," said Karthik Rao, president-expanded verticals for Nielsen, in a statement. "We determined that Claritas would be better suited as an independent company." Mr. Nazzaro called Claritas "a crown jewel in the segmentation space" seeing greater use with the rise of programmatic digital ad buying. "We feel like this area is ripe for innovation," he said. PRIZM's 66 segments are based on such things as income, education, life stage and location, with such names as "Beltway Boomers," "Country Squires" and "Pools & Patios." They're matched against individual marketer customer data to help target the most promising ZIP codes or addresses. While the initial focus is Claritas, Mr. Nazzaro didn't rule out related acquisitions. "Carlyle is a tremendous partner," he said. "If the opportunity presents itself to add to what Claritas does, we would consider those things." A statement from Carlyle Group managing directors Adam Glucksman and David Stonehill said, "The big data revolution has created rising demand for consumer insights, and Claritas is benefiting from that trend." Carlyle, with more than $169 billion in assets across 125 funds and 177 "fund of fund" vehicles, has considerable holdings in business and data services, including shopper and in-store marketing. This includes one of the nation's largest brokerage firms in Acosta. It retains a stake but sold controlling interest in ad production-services firm Talent Partners in 2015, which it acquired a year earlier. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Data-Driven Marketing Research Retail Shopper Marketing Talent Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Are Nestlé’s Raisinet Boxes “Recklessly” Under-Filled? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Are Nestlé’s Raisinet Boxes “Recklessly” Under-Filled? January 6, 2017 11:08 am EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler where's the candy? Raisinets nestle candy slack fill lawsuit class action lawsuit california deceptive marketing By now most Consumerist readers are familiar with the Grocery Shrink Ray, where the amount of a product in a package shrinks over time to keep the price of the product consistent without decreasing profits. Sure, that’s annoying and perhaps a bit misleading, but the Shrink Ray’s sneakier twin — slack-fill — is even worse, and now it’s the reason for a class-action seeking lawsuit against Nestlé, accusing the candy company of “recklessly” underfilling its Raisinets boxes.  The lawsuit [PDF], filed in a California federal court, claims that Nestlé purposefully deceives customers with its opaque movie-theater-style containers of Raisinets, leading customers to believe they are getting more product than they really are. According to the lawsuit, the boxes — sold at grocery and convenience stores across the state — are uniformly underfilled, with only 60% of the package actually filled with Raisinets candy. The remaining 40% is considered slack-fill — empty space that, as defined by federal law, serves no functional purpose, such as protecting the package’s contents. The lawsuit contends that the extra space found in the Raisinets package is a violation of the law because the candy “isn’t susceptible to cracking, breaking, or crumbling like potato chips in a bag would be.” “The Raisinets candies are also not sticky due to the chocolate being coated with confectioner’s glaze, which protects the candies and makes the candies smooth,” the suit states. “Therefore, any concern for the safety of the contents inside the Products has been or should be alleviated by both the nature of the Raisinets candies.” By packaging the Raisinets in the way it does, the suit claims that Nestlé “recklessly disregarded the fact that the products contained a significant amount of non-functional slack-fill” that would mislead consumers. The woman who filed the lawsuit says she purchased the product at a Ralphs grocery store in California relying on the size and shape of the packaging, believing it was full of candy. “However, the Nestle´ Dark Chocolate Raisinets [she] purchased contained approximately 40% empty space,” the suit states. “She would not have purchased the Product or would have paid significantly less for the Product had she known that the package was only approximately 60% full of Raisinets.” As a result, the suit claims the woman — and others like her — have suffered injury and lost money as a result of Nestlé’s “misleading, false, unfair, and fraudulent practices.” The suit seeks to represent “at least thousands of class members” and to recoup at least $5 million in refunds and any interest accrued from their previous purchases. This isn’t the first time companies have come under fire for non-functional slack-fill. In July 2015, Proctor & Gamble agreed to pay $280,000 and revamp its packaging in order to settle with four California counties that accused the company of using slack-fill in its Olay brand beauty products. That three-year long investigation began when investigators in four counties discovered that for some moisturizers, the size of a product’s box depended not on the actual size of the container, but on the price per ounce. Of course, slack fill isn’t confined to beauty products: a smaller spice-maker sued McCormick in 2015 over containers of pepper that contain less product but have stayed the same size. January 6, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler where's the candy? Raisinets nestle candy slack fill lawsuit class action lawsuit california deceptive marketing Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related empty space Slack Fill: The Grocery Shrink Ray’s Sneakier Twin the spice must flow Watkins Lawsuit Over Pepper Tin Sizes Will Go Forward In Federal Court let's be honest Walmart Advises Manufacturers Against Misleading Packaging candy corner Nestlé Says It Will Remove Artificial Flavors & Colors From Chocolate Products craveable Customer Sues Over Citric Acid In “Preservative-Free” Lean Cuisine Pizza Previous Tilikum, SeaWorld Whale From ‘Blackfish’ Documentary, Dies Next “Rude” Store Owner Tries To Weed Out Freeloaders By Charging $.62 “Browsing Fee” Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: “Rude” Store Owner Tries To Weed Out Freeloaders By Charging $.62 “Browsing Fee” Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Community Opinion Sports Obituaries Public Notices Photo Gallery Classifieds Special Publications Athletes of the Week Business Directory Beauty Spot Pets of the Week Rack Locations Subscriptions Contact Monday, January 16, 2017 County Commissioners sworn in January 5th, 2017    Author: Administrator    Filed Under: News Incumbent Clermont County Commissioner Ed Humphrey, pictured on left, was sworn in on Dec. 30, 2016, for his upcoming four-year term. Also pictured are his wife, Janice, center, and attorney Jesse Kramig, on right. By Megan Alley Sun Staff New Clermont County Commissioner David Painter and incumbent Commissioner Ed Humphrey were both sworn in on Dec. 30, 2016 for their upcoming four-year terms. Painter is replacing former Commissioner Bob Proud, who recently retired after 28 years of service so that he could devote his time to being a stay-at-home dad for his and his wife Rebecca’s 2-year-old son, Michael. Commissioner Humphrey is beginning his third term. Both men were elected in November. Municipal Court Judge Kevin Miles swore in Painter. “A special thank you to the citizens of Clermont County for supporting me for the office of Commissioner; my commitment to you is steadfast,” Painter said during his remarks. “Together, we will raise the bar for all Clermont County citizens.” New Clermont County Commissioner David Painter, pictured on left, was sworn in on Dec. 30, 2016, for his upcoming four-year term. Also pictured are his wife, Karla, center, and Municipal Court Judge Kevin Miles, on right. Painter is a lifelong resident of Clermont County. He lives in the village of New Richmond with his wife, Karla, and they have three children and four grandchildren, according to a press release. Painter received his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Findlay in Findlay, Ohio. He has worked for 40 years in the construction and engineering business, and has held positions as resident construction manager, project oversight manager, regional manager and general manager, according to a press release. Most recently, Painter was the project oversight manager at the East Tennessee Technology Park Environmental Remediation Project. During Painter’s previous public service, he served on the New Richmond Exempted Village School District Board of Education for eight years, two of which he served as President of the Board. He also served on the Ohio Township Board of Zoning Appeals, according to a press release. “I knew my purpose was to serve,” Painter said. “Today, my commitment to you is to serve to the best of my ability.” He added, “I want you to know that I welcome your continued involvement; my door will always be open, and my cell phone will always be on. I will always be there as your commissioner, no matter when the need arises.” Jesse Kramig, a Senior Assistant Attorney General with the Ohio Attorney General’s Cincinnati office, swore in Humphrey. “I want to thank you all for coming,” Humphrey said during his remarks. “I want to thank God for allowing me to be here.” On Dec. 3, 2015, Humphrey, 71 of Miamiville, was involved in a car accident that left him with serious injuries. Humphrey was driving northbound on state Route 126 a little after 1 p.m., when Danny Wilson, 46 of Loveland, who was driving southbound in a 2007 Kenworth semi, negotiated a right hand curve, according to a release distributed shortly after the accident from the Batavia Post of the Ohio State Highway Patrol. Wilson was carrying construction debris. While making the turn, the dumpster detached from the trailer, leaned to the right, and struck and spilled onto Humphrey’s car, according to the release. Humphrey’s left hip and left shoulder were crushed, and he had an injury in the socket of his left eye. Humphrey was airlifted to University of Cincinnati Medical Center, where he stayed for a month and a half, during which time he had hip surgery. He then spent more than a month recuperating at SEM Haven Health and Residential Care Center, a nursing, assisted living, short-term rehabilitation and memory care facility in Milford. He went on to devote six months to daily physical and occupational therapy. During his remarks, Humphrey went on to thank his wife of 49 years, Janice, and his family for staying by his side during his long rehabilitation. He also thanked Proud and Commissioner David Uible for their support during his recovery. Humphrey is a lifelong resident of Miami Township. He and his wife have three children and eight grandchildren, according to a press release. Humphrey has a Master of Business Administration from the University of Cincinnati and is retired from Procter & Gamble. Humphrey was first elected to the Board of County Commissioners in 2008. Previously, he was a longtime Miami Township trustee. He is the former president of the Ohio-Kentucky-Indiana Regional Council of Governments Board of Directors, and is now just a member. He was appointed by Gov. John Kasich to serve on the statewide Emergency Services Internet Protocol Network Steering Committee to represent the County Commissioner Association of Ohio, of which he is currently the president, according to a press release. Humphrey also serves on the Clermont County CIC Inc., the Clermont County Investment Advisory Committee and the Adams/Clermont Solid Waste Management District Board of Directors. “It’s been a good run, and I’ve got another four years to have another good run,” he said. New Clermont County Commissioner David Painter and incumbent Commissioner Ed Humphrey were both sworn in on Dec. 30, 2016 for their upcoming four-year terms.   Painter is replacing former Commissioner Bob Proud, who recently retired after 28 years of service so that he could devote his time to being a stay-at-home dad for his and his wife Rebecca’s 2-year-old son, Michael.   Commissioner Humphrey is beginning his third term.   Both men were elected in November.   Municipal Court Judge Kevin Miles swore in Painter.   “A special thank you to the citizens of Clermont County for supporting me for the office of Commissioner; my commitment to you is steadfast,” Painter said during his remarks. “Together, we will raise the bar for all Clermont County citizens.”   Painter is a lifelong resident of Clermont County. He lives in the village of New Richmond with his wife, Karla, and they have three children and four grandchildren, according to a press release.   Painter received his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Findlay in Findlay, Ohio.   He has worked for 40 years in the construction and engineering business, and has held positions as resident construction manager, project oversight manager, regional manager and general manager, according to a press release.   Most recently, Painter was the project oversight manager at the East Tennessee Technology Park Environmental Remediation Project.   During Painter’s previous public service, he served on the New Richmond Exempted Village School District Board of Education for eight years, two of which he served as President of the Board. He also served on the Ohio Township Board of Zoning Appeals, according to a press release.   “I knew my purpose was to serve,” Painter said. “Today, my commitment to you is to serve to the best of my ability.”   He added, “I want you to know that I welcome your continued involvement; my door will always be open, and my cell phone will always be on. I will always be there as your commissioner, no matter when the need arises.”   Jesse Kramig, a Senior Assistant Attorney General with the Ohio Attorney General’s Cincinnati office, swore in Humphrey.   “I want to thank you all for coming,” Humphrey said during his remarks. “I want to thank God for allowing me to be here.”   On Dec. 3, 2015, Humphrey, 71 of Miamiville, was involved in a car accident that left him with serious injuries.   Humphrey was driving northbound on state Route 126 a little after 1 p.m., when Danny Wilson, 46 of Loveland, who was driving southbound in a 2007 Kenworth semi, negotiated a right hand curve, according to a release distributed shortly after the accident from the Batavia Post of the Ohio State Highway Patrol.   Wilson was carrying construction debris. While making the turn, the dumpster detached from the trailer, leaned to the right, and struck and spilled onto Humphrey’s car, according to the release.   Humphrey’s left hip and left shoulder were crushed, and he had an injury in the socket of his left eye.   Humphrey was airlifted to University of Cincinnati Medical Center, where he stayed for a month and a half, during which time he had hip surgery. He then spent more than a month recuperating at SEM Haven Health and Residential Care Center, a nursing, assisted living, short-term rehabilitation and memory care facility in Milford. He went on to devote six months to daily physical and occupational therapy.   During his remarks, Humphrey went on to thank his wife of 49 years, Janice, and his family for staying by his side during his long rehabilitation.   He also thanked Proud and Commissioner David Uible for their support during his recovery.   Humphrey is a lifelong resident of Miami Township. He and his wife have three children and eight grandchildren, according to a press release.   Humphrey has a Master of Business Administration from the University of Cincinnati and is retired from Procter & Gamble.   Humphrey was first elected to the Board of County Commissioners in 2008. Previously, he was a longtime Miami Township trustee.   He is the former president of the Ohio-Kentucky-Indiana Regional Council of Governments Board of Directors, and is now just a member. He was appointed by Gov. John Kasich to serve on the statewide Emergency Services Internet Protocol Network Steering Committee to represent the County Commissioner Association of Ohio, of which he is currently the president, according to a press release.   Humphrey also serves on the Clermont County CIC Inc., the Clermont County Investment Advisory Committee and the Adams/Clermont Solid Waste Management District Board of Directors.   “It’s been a good run, and I’ve got another four years to have another good run,” he said. SHARE: « Leahy sworn in as Clermont County Sheriff Bulldogs win CNE Holiday Tournament title » Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   Batavia, Ohio Fog37°F real feel: 42°F humidity: 100% wind speed: 0 m/s N   Popular Recent Comments Tags Voters reject West Clermont school levy November 7, 2012 · 11 Comments Eastgate interchanges to open soon July 16, 2015 · 10 Comments DAN BARE What would Jefferson think? July 8, 2011 · 9 Comments Man sentenced for abduction April 8, 2015 · 9 Comments DAN BARE Extreme disrespect displayed by NBC June 30, 2011 · 7 Comments Public Notices for January 12, 2017 January 13, 2017 · No comments Colon Clark, 74 January 12, 2017 · No comments The Bookworm Sez Terri Schlichenmeyer Book tells story of couple made famous by success of McDonald’s January 12, 2017 · No comments Franklin Township looking to restore grave January 12, 2017 · No comments Rick Houser Where the livestock ruled January 12, 2017 · No comments Paul Burns: Bethel Tate varsity coach should be suspended by the league. He was y... Hannah: I love you Uncle Tony. Gone from our homes but not from our hearts. I ... Jay Noble: I completely agree. I think we do need our own police department, how... Daniel Hof: Patrick, I just saw your comment about wanting to install a Purple ... Samantha: The store is open 1-4 p.m. Monday-Wednesday and 11 a.m. – 2 p.m. on Sa... Amelia Barons Football Amelia Barons Soccer Amelia Lady Barons Basketball Amelia Lady Barons Soccer Amelia Lady Barons Volleyball Batavia Bulldogs Football Batavia Bulldogs Soccer Batavia Lady Bulldogs Volleyball Bethel Bethel-Tate Lady Tigers Soccer Bethel-Tate Lady Tigers Volleyball Bethel-Tate Tigers Football Bethel-Tate Tigers Soccer Clermont Northeastern Lady Rockets Soccer Clermont Northeastern Lady Rockets Volleyball Clermont Northeastern Rockets Football Evans Funeral Home Felicity-Franklin Cardinals Softball Felicity-Franklin Lady Cardinals Volleyball Glen Este Lady Trojans Soccer Glen Este Lady Trojans Volleyball Glen Este Trojans Football Glen Este Trojans Soccer Goshen Lady Warriors Basketball Goshen Lady Warriors Soccer Goshen Lady Warriors Volleyball Goshen Warriors Basketball Goshen Warriors Football Milford Eagles Football Milford Lady Eagles Soccer Milford Lady Eagles Volleyball New Richmond Lady Lions Basketball New Richmond Lady Lions Soccer New Richmond Lady Lions Volleyball New Richmond Lions Football New Richmond Lions Soccer November 2010 terri schlichenmeyer the bookworm sez UC Clermont Cougars Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Basketball Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Soccer Williamsburg Lady Wildcats Volleyball Williamsburg Wildcats Basketball Williamsburg Wildcats Football 465 East Main Street · Batavia, Ohio 45103 Phone: 513.732.2511 · Fax 513.732.6344 · E-mail info@clermontsun.com Copyright © 2011-16 Clermont Sun Publishing Company.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Asia Pacific Makeup Market – An Insight On The Important Factors And Trends Influencing The Market Men’s grooming is an ongoing trend in Asia Pacific, contributing to the growth of the health and beauty market. Currently, increase in the number of working women and growth in disposable income are driving the makeup market in Asia Pacific. Makeup products are now becoming an integral part of personal care; these are considered luxury as well as mass products. Rise in demand for luxury products in countries such as Australia, Japan, India, China, Malaysia and Singapore would boost growth in the makeup market in Asia Pacific. Download PDF Brochure: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Widening distribution channels such as supermarkets/hypermarkets and departmental stores, and emergence of online marketing (e-retailers) are expected to increase the market growth during the forecast period. Strategic positioning of makeup products in supermarkets/ hypermarkets and strategic advertisements by leading brands across Asia Pacific would drive consumers to use makeup products to enhance their appearance. Increasing purchasing power, changing lifestyles and rising number of potential buyers in emerging markets such as India, China and Singapore are some of the factors driving the overall make-up market in Asia Pacific. The makeup market in Asia Pacific was valued at USD 14.76 billion in 2013 and is expected to reach USD 22.31 billion in 2019, growing at a CAGR of 7.1% from 2013 to 2019. Major markets for makeup products such as Japan, Australia and New Zealand are anticipated to grow at a slower rate (CAGR below 4.5%)over the next six years. India is estimated to be the fastest growing market, expanding at a CAGR of 15.2% from 2013 to 2019. The makeup market in Japan is projected be grow at a CAGR of 2.2% over the next six years. The makeup market is segmented according to application types such as eye makeup, face makeup, lip makeup and nail makeup. Face makeup was the largest segment in Asia Pacific makeup market in 2013, followed by lip makeup. In terms of countries, China was the largest consumer of makeup products in 2013. The country is likely to dominate the market in Asia Pacific over the next six years. Furthermore, demand for makeup products is expected to be high during the forecast period in Malaysia and South Korea due to increasing preference for luxury products in these markets. Demand for organic/natural makeup products is anticipated to increase over the next six years due to rising awareness about the side effects of synthetic chemicals on skin. Higher numbers of organic products are likely to be launched in face, lip and eye makeup segments over the next six years. In the face makeup category, face powder is estimated to dominate the market, followed by foundations over the forecast period. Furthermore, in the lip makeup category, lipsticks would continue to lead the market, followed by lip liners during 2013-2019. Supermarkets/hypermarkets are the most preferred distribution channels, followed by department stores. Furthermore, online retailing is projected to attract large traffic of consumers over the next six years. The make-up market in Asia Pacific is fragmented in nature; a large number of producers and marketers operate in the market. However, large companies such as L’Oréal S.A., Proctor & Gamble Co, Estee Lauder Companies Inc, Coty Inc, and Revlon Inc dominate the market for makeup products. These companies hold significant market share in Asia Pacific. Furthermore, the number of private label brands is expected to rise in markets such as India, China and Australia. About TMR TMR is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact TMR 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. Tagscompany, intelligence, major, private Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Household Induction Cook-tops Market – Top Vendors(Miele & Cie. KG, Smeg, Sub-Zero Wolf, AB Electrolux, Stoves) Next PostNext U.S. Shoe Deodorizer Market to Reach US$319.9 million by 2020 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
