Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Macerich Co (MAC) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.84 Per Share $0.93 Earnings Per Share Expected for Procter & Gamble Co (PG) This Quarter Short Interest in Repros Therapeutics Inc (RPRX) Expands By 0.0% Brokerages Expect SYNNEX Co. (SNX) Will Post Earnings of $1.75 Per Share GTT Communications (GTT) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.05 Godaddy (GDDY) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports LG Display Co (LPL) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.25 Internet Initiative Japan (IIJI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Zacks: Analysts Expect Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) to Post $0.21 EPS Nationstar Mortgage Holdings (NSM) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.31 $0.55 EPS Expected for VF Corp (VFC) This Quarter Zacks: Dunelm Group Plc Unspon (DNLMY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Analysts Anticipate United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) to Post $0.37 Earnings Per Share Recro Pharma Inc (REPH) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.75 Per Share Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.98 Per Share Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Lennox International (LII) Stock Price Zacks: Analysts Expect Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) Will Announce Earnings of $0.79 Per Share Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Luminex (LMNX) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.40 $0.93 Earnings Per Share Expected for Procter & Gamble Co (PG) This Quarter April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts expect Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) to post $0.93 earnings per share (EPS) for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Nine analysts have made estimates for Procter & Gamble Co’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.91 to $0.95. Procter & Gamble Co reported earnings per share of $0.86 in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year-over-year growth rate of 8.1%. The firm is expected to report its next quarterly earnings results before the market opens on Wednesday, April 26th. On average, analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will report full year earnings of $3.86 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.82 to $3.90. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that follow Procter & Gamble Co. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The business’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.04 earnings per share. A number of research analysts recently commented on PG shares. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $88.00 to $86.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Royal Bank of Canada set a $76.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Citigroup Inc increased their price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $91.07. In other news, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total transaction of $311,117.31. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Juan Fernando Posada sold 7,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.75, for a total transaction of $607,250.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 21,989 shares in the company, valued at $1,907,545.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in PG. Evanson Asset Management LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC now owns 6,351 shares of the company’s stock worth $570,000 after buying an additional 23 shares in the last quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.0% in the third quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC now owns 2,525 shares of the company’s stock worth $227,000 after buying an additional 25 shares in the last quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV now owns 6,747 shares of the company’s stock worth $606,000 after buying an additional 25 shares in the last quarter. Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the first quarter. Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC now owns 6,842 shares of the company’s stock worth $614,000 after buying an additional 25 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sterling Global Strategies LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Sterling Global Strategies LLC now owns 11,266 shares of the company’s stock worth $947,000 after buying an additional 47 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.31% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $90.03. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 5,040,104 shares. The stock has a market cap of $230.16 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.50 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a one year low of $79.10 and a one year high of $92.00. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $90.56 and its 200-day moving average is $87.18. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 19th. This is a positive change from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.06%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “$0.93 Earnings Per Share Expected for Procter & Gamble Co (PG) This Quarter” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/0-93-earnings-per-share-expected-for-procter-gamble-co-pg-this-quarter.html. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Procter & Gamble Co (PG) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glassman Wealth Services Has $671,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Glg LLC Sciencast Management LP Has $441,000 Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Hilltop Holdings Inc. Boosts Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Sciencast Management LP Invests $435,000 in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Girard Securities Inc. Has $1.127 Million Stake in General Electric Company (GE) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stake Increased by Azimuth Capital Management LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Sells 48,900 Shares of Citi Trends, Inc. (CTRN) TransAct Technologies Incorporated (TACT) Position Raised by Renaissance Technologies LLC Noven Financial Group Inc. Raises Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Stake Increased by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Buys 27,755 Shares of Sabre Corp (SABR) Short Interest in Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Decreases By 0.6% Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Short Interest Update Wedbush Comments on USG Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (USG) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Lifted by KeyCorp Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Short Interest Update First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Acquires 16,436 Shares of New Relic Inc (NEWR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $242,000 Stake in William Lyon Homes (WLH) Glassman Wealth Services Has $671,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Glassman Wealth Services boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 32.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 7,983 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,960 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co comprises 0.5% of Glassman Wealth Services’ portfolio, making the stock its 23rd largest position. Glassman Wealth Services’ holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $671,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Hollencrest Securities LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 83.9% in the third quarter. Hollencrest Securities LLC now owns 38,019 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,412,000 after buying an additional 17,347 shares in the last quarter. First PREMIER Bank increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 7.7% in the third quarter. First PREMIER Bank now owns 56,350 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,057,000 after buying an additional 4,053 shares in the last quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.8% in the third quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc now owns 145,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,014,000 after buying an additional 1,198 shares in the last quarter. Highland Capital Management LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.7% in the third quarter. Highland Capital Management LLC now owns 190,831 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,127,000 after buying an additional 1,353 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Community Bank N.A. increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.8% in the third quarter. Community Bank N.A. now owns 70,192 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,300,000 after buying an additional 1,250 shares in the last quarter. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 90.03 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $90.56 and its 200-day moving average price is $87.18. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $79.10 and a 12-month high of $92.00. The firm has a market cap of $230.16 billion, a PE ratio of 16.50 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The business earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.04 earnings per share. Procter & Gamble Co’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be issued a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.06%. This is a positive change from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 19th. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is 48.73%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Glassman Wealth Services Has $671,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/glassman-wealth-services-has-671000-stake-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. PG has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and decreased their price target for the company from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Evercore ISI restated an “underweight” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Vetr downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $87.49 price target for the company. in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $99.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Co presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $91.07. In other news, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total value of $311,117.31. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO David S. Taylor sold 38,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $88.55, for a total value of $3,364,900.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133. 0.35% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to navigation RSS Feed Login Search form Search News Campus Crime Texas Legislature UT System Austin Texas Opinion Columns Viewpoints Firing Lines Submitting an Op-ed/Letter Sports Football Volleyball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Baseball Softball Other UT Sports The Pros Double Coverage Life&Arts Movies Music Food and Recipes Student Life Art Austin Festivals Movies & TV SXSW Sci&Tech Multimedia Slideshows Videos Podcast Through the Lens Interactives Voter Profiles LGBT History ACL 2016 Endorsements Explorer Hispanic Heritage Month 2016 Student Elections Explorer SXSW 2016 Guide National Signing Day 2016 Texas Football Attendance Austin Music Road Trip UT Then & Now Comics Housing Donate UT researchers study the possibilities of invisibility You are here Home › News › Campus › McCombs million-dollar investor takes fresh look at marketing McCombs million-dollar investor takes fresh look at marketing AddThis Photo Credit: Courtesy of Robert Malcolm Tags These tags are automatically generated. The Daily Texan does not guarantee their accuracy. Published on April 16, 2017 at 11:42 pm By Jahnavi Muppaneni Robert Malcolm, executive in residence at the McCombs School of Business, recently donated $1 million to the marketing department to help fund new research and technological techniques.  The fundamental principles of marketing have remained the same, but the practice is rapidly changing, Malcolm said. The money he donated will go toward creating an endowed chair in marketing innovation position to keep students and faculty on track with the latest advances.  Malcolm said he envisions the new chair to be a pioneer in the field with groundbreaking ideas. “You need to live in two worlds at the same time,” Malcolm said. “You need to be in the world of today … and you need have one foot leading into the future for tomorrow.”  Malcolm said he found his calling in marketing as a junior at the University of Southern California, where he took his first brand management class.   Malcolm completed his Master of Business Administration at USC and joined Proctor & Gamble upon graduation. There he led marketing, brand management, sales and innovation functions for more than 75 brands in more than 40 countries. “P&G at that time was at the top of list, and I was fortunate enough to talk my way into a job there,” Malcolm said. Malcolm also worked for Diageo where he oversaw budgets worth billions of dollars. He later taught marketing at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and has actively served on different boards, such as Hershey’s and the American Marketing Association. Malcolm came to the McCombs Center for Consumer Insight and Marketing Solutions in 2013.  Marketing administration professor Raji Srinivasan said she is optimistic about the future of marketing within McCombs because of Malcolm’s contributions.  “Malcolm’s donation will go a long way investing in faculty and infrastructure to further scholarship and teaching,” Srinivasan said.  Sweta Sridhar, marketing and economics sophomore, said there aren’t enough career and recruiting opportunities geared toward marketing students. She said this creates misconceptions that marketing is not as important as other business majors and there is not much demand for marketing students in the workforce. Sridhar said she believes Malcolm’s contributions will bring visibility to the McCombs marketing program.   “Malcolm’s efforts are definitely a great first step towards solving the root cause of the issue and changing the discouragement and stereotypes many marketing students face in the business school,” Sridhar said. View the discussion thread. Get Daily Texan News Alerts in your Inbox Follow Us: Texas Student Media The Daily Texan Longhorn Life Texas Travesty KVRX 91.7 FM Texas Student TV Cactus Yearbook Site design ©2011-2017 Texas Student Media. All images and content ©Texas Student Media. Questions about the site? Email webmaster[at]dailytexanonline.com Comments about articles or images? Email editor[at]dailytexanonline.com Advertise Classifieds Contact Jobs Digest Handbook
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 17, 2017 3:00 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement What's ahead for Kraft Heinz? Spurned by Unilever, firm may be eyeing other potential acquisitions April 17, 2017 12:00 AM Gene J. Puskar/Associated Press Kraft Heinz is holding its annual shareholder meeting this week in the Pittsburgh offices of law firm Reed Smith on Fifth Avenue, Downtown. Post-Gazette file Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto, left, and H.J. Heinz Co. CEO Bernardo Hees, shown in 2014, before Heinz and Kraft merged. By Teresa F. Lindeman / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Somewhere in the vicinity of 169,000 Unilever employees were jolted by the news earlier this year that Kraft Heinz Co. had turned up in London with a $143 billion offer to buy their employer. No, no, said executives at the Anglo-Dutch consumer packaged goods giant, politely ushering the would-be buyers out the door. Thanks, but no thanks. Kraft Heinz — backed by funding and strategy from the food giant’s majority owners 3G Capital and Berkshire Hathaway — now may be casting its eyes across the aisles of the world’s grocery stores, looking for another tasty business that owns great brands but also has identifiable places to cut costs. General Mills with its 39,000 workers? Hershey and its 16,000 employees? Maybe Danone (99,000 workers), Campbell Soup (16,500), General Mills (39,000), Kellogg (37,000), Procter & Gamble (105,000) or Mars (80,000)? Shares of Panera Bread (50,800 employees) rose briefly last week after a report that 3G Capital and Warren Buffett might try to buy it out from under an investment firm that announced a plan to acquire the restaurant chain. Later in the week, Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Pablo Zuanic put out a report saying that PepsiCo (264,000 employees) would be more vulnerable to a Kraft Heinz bid than Mondelez International (90,000 employees), the former Kraft sibling widely seen as a potential acquisition target. There sure are a lot of jobs tied up with the consumer packaged goods companies that stock the world’s shelves with condiments, soups, shampoos, cereals, yogurt, pet food and other products used by the masses. It’s an easy call that some of those positions could be on the block, if Kraft Heinz CEO Bernardo Hees and his team merge their 41,000-employee company with another icon of the industry. “They know how to run a business more efficiently than anyone else,” said Brittany E. Weissman, a consumer analyst with Edward Jones in St. Louis. Whether you think that’s good or bad depends on whether you’re getting a paycheck from a food company or a dividend check from investing in one. As Kraft Heinz prepares for its annual shareholder meeting in the Pittsburgh offices of law firm Reed Smith on Fifth Avenue this week, Ms. Weissman seems inclined to believe that most of the company’s investors are impressed by their management and are hungry for more. Earnings at the company that makes Ore-Ida french fries and Oscar Mayer hot dogs rose almost 50 percent in the last year, she said, and the company has improved profit margins at a level that outpaces competitors and peers. “I think they’ve definitely made their presence known in the food space,” Ms. Weissman said. A new headquarters city? Another acquisition — wherever and whenever it gets done — could spell the end of one of Kraft Heinz’s two headquarters locations, if the negotiators need to sweeten potential bids with offers to keep a significant presence in the next company’s hometown. The 3G Capital and Berkshire Hathaway partnership acquired hometown food company H.J. Heinz Co. in 2013, keeping the family name on the NFL football stadium and inhabiting its headquarters office at PPG Place, Downtown, but moving to shutter plants and streamline the production system. Two years later, the owners merged Heinz with Kraft Foods Group and created the two-headed Kraft Heinz, with offices in Pittsburgh and Chicago. More jobs were trimmed, more production streamlined. In February 2013, the company had about 1,200 employees in the Pittsburgh region. Heinz CEO Bill Johnson, at the time, said keeping the headquarters in the city was in the contract. "I told them Pittsburgh was nonnegotiable," he said. As of last May, Kraft Heinz had about 800 workers in the region. The company now uses 22,000 square feet of office space in its PPG Place headquarters, down from 95,000 square feet when it moved in back in 2008.  Michael Mullen, senior vice president of corporate and government affairs for Heinz, last week reiterated the Kraft Heinz company’s ties to Pittsburgh. “We have 41,000 employees globally as of our annual 10-K filing but are not disclosing head counts by office or location. Kraft Heinz remains committed to our co-headquarter locations in Pittsburgh and Chicago.” He added that the food company remains committed to its partnership with the Steelers, who play at Heinz Field, and noted the company continues to give to local organizations such as the Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank, the Pittsburgh Symphony, Carnegie Museums and others.  Pressure for results Few in the food business are unaware that they might draw the eye of Kraft Heinz, Ms. Weissman said. Management at many companies has been trying to step up the pace of growth — not easy in an industry that has plateaued and is facing incursions by small rivals promising less processed, more natural food products. Bernstein analyst Alexia Howard last week issued a report on the U.S. packaged food industry noting that sales volumes at packaged food companies fell in the 2015-16 period, as consumers chose fresher foods. Margins could face more pressure as retailers and manufacturers battle over price and promotional expenses, she said. Borrowing a page from the competition, food companies have embraced the zero-based budgeting technique practiced by 3G Capital, which requires that every new budget start from scratch and every expense be justified. That looks good to investors, whose interests don’t necessarily align with those of the employees who might be shed along with the expenses. Unilever announced recently that it had reviewed its portfolio after the near miss with Kraft Heinz and plans to sell or spin off its margarine and spreads business. The company’s effort to maximize shareholder value also included paying a higher dividend and seeking “greater efficiency in our cost base through zero-based budgeting.” Looking for new business models Where Kraft Heinz hasn’t separated itself from the pack is in invigorating sales. Last year it reported a 0.3 percent rise in organic net sales, excluding the impact of currency rates and divestitures. Ms. Weissman notes that while management may not have gotten the sales spike it had hoped for from the pantry of iconic products it bought, she does count some of its efforts as successful, citing the introduction of Heinz mustard to the consumer market as an example. “They’ve done a decent job renovating some of their portfolio,” she said. The marketing team has had some wins, too, garnering attention with stunts such as a low-cost campaign for a national day off to recover from the Super Bowl and the production of some ads that executed a pitch offered by a character in the hit cable TV show “Mad Men.” In Ms. Howard’s view, the surviving U.S. packaged-food companies will be those that can shift from their legacy businesses into more profitable spots. That might include moving into new geographic areas, buying up challenger brands and getting more products into the perimeter of grocery stores. Short term, Ms. Weissman expects Kraft Heinz to look for an acquisition target like Unilever that has extensive international operations, allowing ways to leverage North American brands into new markets worldwide. That issue also played a role in Mr. Zuanic’s focus on PepsiCo as a possible merger partner. “From the Unilever bid, we learned Kraft Heinz wants size (no news really) and international exposure (which should rule out General Mills) …,” he wrote in a report last week. Kraft Heinz in February said it expects its integration program to deliver $1.7 billion in pretax savings by the end of 2017. After that, big rewards coming from the cost-cutting programs may start to dry up, and Ms. Weissman sees that as helping drive the push for another significant acquisition. The Unilever setback may have slowed the process, but the company’s managers will regroup, she said. “I think these guys are smart. They have a list of candidates.” For his part, Mr. Mullen said Kraft Heinz doesn’t need to do another deal.  “Our combination of iconic brands and global platforms puts us in a great position to drive profitable growth in markets around the world. As such, we don’t need another acquisition to drive profitable growth for the long term,” he said. “Kraft Heinz will continue to drive profitable growth and meet consumer needs around the world — with or without another acquisition.” Teresa F. Lindeman: tlindeman@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2018. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 17 April 2017 | MYT 8:30 AM Google’s ad rivals leap at chance to seize dollars after YouTube controversy Most analysts believe the YouTube boycott will have minimal impact on Google sales. Its draw is too large to keep advertisers away permanently, and the boycott has not stopped search ads, Google's bedrock. — Reuters Weeks after scores of advertisers boycotted YouTube, Google is still trying to mitigate the damage. Meanwhile, long-struggling competitors in the digital ad market are seizing the moment.  MediaMath Inc, a New York-based seller of software for automated online ad buying, is introducing a new service to ensure that ads only run alongside hand-picked, “high quality” content. The “curated market” offering comes amid concern over some big brand ads appearing against racist, violent and offensive YouTube videos.   ”We're developing for the largest brands in the world who need to be assured of a safe environment for digital advertising,” said Erich Wasserman, MediaMath's co-founder. “We're happily able to do this at a time when the market is shouting for it.”  Google has tried to silence the shouting. After the first wave of advertiser defections, Google introduced new controls to address the problem. When more advertisers left, Google added even more features and shifted resources into new technology that flags offensive videos and disable ads on them.  Most analysts believe the YouTube boycott will have minimal impact on Google sales. Its draw is too large to keep advertisers away permanently, and the boycott has not stopped search ads, Google's bedrock. Yet some marketing agencies and advertisers are re-evaluating buying plans, cognizant of the harm poor ad placement can cause. That adds pressure on Google, Alphabet Inc's biggest division.  ”If you can create a driverless car and artificial intelligence, you can figure out how to keep a brand safe,” Marc Pritchard, Chief Brand Officer of Procter & Gamble Co. told Bloomberg News in an advertising conference last week in Los Angeles.  On April 12, NBCUniversal announced a deal with mobile ad company Kargo Global Inc to place ads on 300 premium digital properties from 70 media companies. Convincing advertisers to pay up for premium content was a feat, given the discounts and wide distribution that giants like Google offer, said Kargo chief executive officer Harry Kargman. The YouTube boycott was a gift. “We were prepared for a drawn out fight,” he said. “Basically, the market has done it for us.”  MediaMath, too, views its new service as responding to a market shift. The YouTube crisis wasn't just a backlash against Google, it was a protest against the pitfalls of automated advertising in general – the systems and services that let marketers accurately target consumers but also sprinkle ads everywhere across the web. MediaMath said its new service will limit that sprinkling, sending ads to websites and online videos that it constantly monitors for quality.  The company said it has 7,000 advertisers and 500 publishers on board with the service, although it declined to share its pricing or early revenue figures.  It's likely that shifts in digital spending away from Google, if any, would not appear until later in the year. However, some ad companies said they were seeing efforts to realign spending now to avoid the YouTube fracas. Charles Gabriel, president of Apester, which makes interactive software for publishers, said that over the past two weeks marketers began requesting safety controls on all online videos where they run ads.  Google executives have argued that, given YouTube's size, brand safety guarantees for every single video are impossible. But they've reassured marketers the issue will subside.   Tara Walpert Levy, Google's vice president of agency and media solutions, told the audience at the Los Angeles conference that many advertisers that left over the issue have returned. But only Johnson & Johnson has said so publicly.   At the conference, attitudes about the YouTube scandal were mixed. Some echoed P&G's Pritchard. But others dismissed it as an inflated scandal, driven by the television industry, which is hosting its annual ad price-negotiation conference soon.   Michael Roth, head of ad giant Interpublic Group of Cos, admitted as much on stage. Much of the YouTube hubbub, he said, was a behind-the-scenes negotiation from the older industry to compete with technology upstarts.  That leverage, along with pressure from others, is necessary given the rising digital dominance of Google and Facebook. “When it's a duopoly, you always root for someone else to keep them honest,” he said. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Instagram’s Snapchat clone marks 200 million daily users milestone Large fries? Extra sauce? Why McDonald’s wants to track all your dining habits Seniors an overlooked technology market: report What to consider when buying a tablet How to own your first home with zero down payment Pedalling to save the planet Others Also Read United Airlines removes couple travelling to wedding from plane Kudos for promoting Islamic cruising China's Lander Sports scraps plans to buy stake in Southampton advertisement Latest News Cleveland police seek man they say broadcast killing on Facebook Uber lifts financial veil, says sales growth outpaces losses Amazon, Flipkart battle in India for e-commerce’s ‘last frontier’ Apple receives permit in California to test self-driving cars: DMV Sao Paulo judge rules Uber drivers are employees, deserve benefits Most Viewed in Tech Uber lifts financial veil, says sales growth outpaces losses Hacker documents show NSA tools for breaching global money transfer system Persona 5: High school students by day, phantom thieves by night Sao Paulo judge rules Uber drivers are employees, deserve benefits Apple receives permit in California to test self-driving cars: DMV Large fries? Extra sauce? Why McDonald’s wants to track all your dining habits The fingerprint sensor on your smartphone might not be foolproof The HP Spectre x360 looms large Amazon, Flipkart battle in India for e-commerce’s ‘last frontier’ Cleveland police seek man they say broadcast killing on Facebook Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Military Veterans VA has $55 million office to overhaul customer service for veterans Veterans 'experience'? New VA office trying to make sure it's not a bad one The “veterans experience” campaign started under former VA Secretary Bob McDonald, the retired Proctor & Gamble executive brought in by President Barack Obama in mid-2014 following a national scandal over wait times for VA medical care. The “veterans experience” campaign started under former VA Secretary Bob McDonald, the retired Proctor & Gamble executive brought in by President Barack Obama in mid-2014 following a national scandal over wait times for VA medical care. Jeanette SteeleContact Reporter Trying to emerge from scandals that shook the agency to its core, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is attempting to overhaul what officials admit was sometimes pretty bad customer service. Quietly since 2015, the U.S Department of Veterans Affairs has built a national Veterans Experience Office. The office’s first steps have been rolling out more than 100 community veterans committees nationwide and retraining employees to be less rigid and more customer-focused. The VA even hired professional writers to redraft the language of 1,200 official letter templates to make them more reader-friendly. “(We) had somehow gotten away from the primary mission of organizing the enterprise through the eyes of the customer,” said Joy White, who leads the office’s Pacific district, which includes California and the West Coast. “(We did) things that made sense to us, made it easy for us as the VA,” White said. “But, in all of that, we lost the voice of the customer.” The task at hand: How to change the culture of a massive federal agency that provides everything from medical care to monthly disability checks to funerals. Some might wonder if — with what’s a famously dense bureaucracy — it can be done. Even new VA Secretary David Shulkin has said it’s a struggle to fire bad apples, including employees who watch porn on the job. The new Veterans Experience Office’s budget this fiscal year is $55.4 million, up from $49 million last year, “to lead the My VA transformation,” according to a budget document. About 150 jobs now fall under this office’s umbrella. The VA is examining 1,200 different letters it sends for possible rewriting. John Kelley/San Diego Union-Tribune The VA is examining 1,200 different letters it sends for possible rewriting. The VA is examining 1,200 different letters it sends for possible rewriting. (John Kelley/San Diego Union-Tribune) Two years in, the nation’s veterans organizations are still taking a wait-and-see position. “We’re not sure how much the VEO has improved the VA to date, but we are encouraged by this initiative and hope to see it succeed,” said Joe Plenzler, spokesman for the American Legion. “Any effort to improve dialogue between veterans and VA employees and administrators is time and money well spent.” One vocal critic of the VA said the office has potential but not if it tries to just “paper over” structural issues facing the veterans agency. “Doing things that are more feel-good measures, but actually don’t address some of the core problems of the VA, could distract from what’s needed to be done,” said Dan Caldwell, policy director at Concerned Veterans for America. “That’s the danger I see, potentially, with this office. But I want to say there’s a lot of opportunity here. If this office is managed well and insists that they are here to improve the outcomes for veterans — and not just ‘the experience’ — they could be successful.” The “veterans experience” campaign started under former VA Secretary Bob McDonald, the retired Proctor & Gamble chief executive brought in by President Barack Obama in mid-2014 following a national scandal over wait times for VA medical care. McDonald installed a “chief veterans experience officer” in early 2015. The office reports directly to the VA secretary — now Shulkin, a doctor and health-care executive who is the first non-veteran to lead the agency. Whether he will continue the “experience” campaign is an open question. This month he named Lynda Davis, a former Army officer and Pentagon civilian executive with experience in personnel and suicide prevention, to head the office. She replaces a former McDonald’s executive, Tom Allin, who held the job for about two years. Some of the hiring was for “human-centered design” teams. These teams, which include people from Stanford’s prestigious D School, are supposed to re-engineer VA routines that aren’t working. They produced a “journey map” showing what VA patients experience. It identifies “pain points” along the way, such as canceled appointments. It also calls out “moments that matter,” such as the check-in process and whether it’s hard or easy to park. VA's Veterans Experience Office patient "journey map" VA VA's Veterans Experience Office patient "journey map" VA's Veterans Experience Office patient "journey map" (VA) Two early goals were to establish one consumer-oriented website and one toll-free telephone number for all VA divisions. The result was vets.gov and (844) My-VA311. The VA is now looking for inspiration from national brands famous for good service. Starbucks, Marriott and Walgreens are on the list. “We get the experience that we design. Historically, we haven’t put an emphasis as an organization on customer service. There was no program of record that said ‘this how we do customer service,’” White told The San Diego Union-Tribune. “You walk into a Starbucks anywhere in the country, there is something that looks and feels very familiar wherever you go.” One change the Veterans Experience Office has led: hiring for customer-service skills, instead of just looking for people qualified for a position. “We weren’t hiring for attitude,” said White, who said her office identified questions to insert in the VA’s interview process to draw out whether an applicant had customer service aptitude. In a changing health-care industry, this is a bandwagon that the VA is belatedly jumping on. Other hospital organizations have rebooted their customer experience in the past decade in response to a shift in Medicare reimbursement policy that now rewards for patient satisfaction, experts said. The power of social media is also a factor. The Cleveland Clinic was the first major academic medical center to appoint a chief experience officer in 2007. Across the country, hospitals have built grand entrances, opened restaurants intended to draw non-patients and put flowers by bedsides. “My sense of it is that we live in the age of the empowered consumer,” said John Romley, an economist at the University of Southern California’s Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics. “VA customers maybe have less choice in the matter, but at the same time, there’s a great deal of sensitivity in the broader population about how we treat these people in the VA system.” The VA’s new customer service motto — “Own the Moment” — sounds a bit like a commercial TV jingle. Training is rolling out across the country, including at the VA hospital in La Jolla. The premise: VA employees should “own” their time with each customer, the veteran, and do their best to ensure the person gets the help he or she needs. That contrasts to the like-it-or-lump-it experience that veterans have sometimes complained about in the past. “We’re moving away from a rules-based organization to a more of what we call a values, principle-based organization,” said Allan Castellanos, the VA employee teaching the La Jolla seminar. “I call it more like integrated ethics, like doing the right thing for the right reason,” he said. The employees were shown a video of VA workers going the extra mile to welcome an uncertain new veteran into a clinic. In another, VA workers allowed the family of a dying veteran to bring his horse onto hospital grounds. The VA is trying to emerge from bunker mentality after back-to-back national embarrassments. First, in 2013, the backlog of disability claims rose to mountainous proportions, bringing down the wrath of Congress and the public. Then, in 2014, news reports revealed that VA medical workers were keeping secret lists of patients waiting for appointments to make wait-time data appear satisfactory. All of this occurred as the VA struggled to handle a flood of new veterans coming home from the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. A few of the ideas being pursued by the Veterans Experience Office have origins in San Diego. Officials acknowledge that what they are calling Community Veterans Experience Boards — the 152 community boards they eventually want to create nationally — came from San Diego’s longstanding example. San Diego veterans leaders meet monthly with VA officials here in both closed-door and public sessions. Additionally, the tragic suicide of 35-year-old Marine Corps veteran Jeremy Sears appears to have helped spur a campaign to redraft VA correspondence to make it more user friendly. Sears shot himself at an Oceanside gun range in 2014 after being rejected for VA disability benefits despite the cumulative effects of several combat tours. Veterans advocates suggested that the VA rejection letter could have offered advice on where to go for counseling and other assistance, instead of just a “no.” “That was one of the ‘pain points’ that was identified,” White said, referring to the veteran’s “journey mapping” that her office did. “There was a lot of legalese, when in fact we just want it to be simple and clean.” They started with the Veterans Benefit Administration’s correspondence and are working their way toward the Veterans Health Administration’s appointment cards. Veterans Experience Office officials first told the Union-Tribune that they could provide examples of the rewritten letter formats, but later said they weren’t ready yet. The Veterans Experience Office, headquartered in Washington, now has split the country into five districts and dispatched “relationship managers” to each. The Veterans Experience Office is now trying to finesse those moments that matter to veterans. In 2017, officials expect to roll out a veterans real-time feedback tool in 10 locations. They also plan to release a patient experience “program of record.” “Our goal is to build trust with veterans, their family members and survivors,” White said. “How do we do that? By bringing their voices to everything we do.” Caption Decorated Navy SEAL moonlighting as a porn star Joseph John Schmidt has taken it all off in films since 2010. Wife says leadership knew about it. Joseph John Schmidt has taken it all off in films since 2010. Wife says leadership knew about it. Caption Decorated Navy SEAL moonlighting as a porn star Joseph John Schmidt has taken it all off in films since 2010. Wife says leadership knew about it. Joseph John Schmidt has taken it all off in films since 2010. Wife says leadership knew about it. Caption How long is wait for a VA appointment? New website tells you The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs launched a new Access to Care website. The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs launched a new Access to Care website. Caption Marine's bracelet finally makes it home from WWII Master Sgt. Harry Francis Campbell's bracelet was found by Steven and Simone Turner at Point Erin Park in Auckland, New Zealand, and was returned to his children during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton. Master Sgt. Harry Francis Campbell's bracelet was found by Steven and Simone Turner at Point Erin Park in Auckland, New Zealand, and was returned to his children during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton. Caption Lawsuit says the Army could've prevented renegade soldiers killing a teen couple Three of the killers are serving life sentences for murder and conspiracy to commit murder. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Three of the killers are serving life sentences for murder and conspiracy to commit murder. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Iraq war started 14 years ago Video from 1st Marine Logistics Group, which assisted in Operation Iraqi Freedom Video from 1st Marine Logistics Group, which assisted in Operation Iraqi Freedom jen.steele@sduniontribune.com Facebook: U-T Military Twitter: @jensteeley Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Hospitals and Clinics Cleveland Clinic SD Almanac Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 61°
₦airaland Forum Welcome, Guest: Join Nairaland / LOGIN! / Trending / Recent / New Stats: 1,784,176 members, 3,481,524 topics. Date: Monday, 17 April 2017 at 08:01 AM BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria - Career - Nairaland Nairaland Forum / Nairaland / General / Career / BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria (20071 Views) GT Bank Nigeria Salary Scale: How Much Does Guaranty Trust Pays Their Staff? / Zenith Bank Nigeria Salary Scale: How Much Does Zenith Bank Pay Their Staff? / Central Bank Of Nigeria Salary Scale: How Much Does CBN Pay Staff? (1) (2) (3) (4) (0) (1) (Reply) (Go Down) BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by ThisTrend(f): 4:29am On Apr 16 BAT Nigeria Salary: Salary of British American Tobacco Plc British American Tobacco PLC is a British owned multinational company with head office in London, UK. The company has operational offices and functional branches in over fifty countries where Nigeria is an integral part of. As a respected Company in the Tobacco industry, they are also among the most notable companies that pay highest earnings in Nigeria. Just like other top multinational firms like Guinness, Nigerian Breweries, Nestle, P & G, Coca-Cola, Unilever, Cadbury (FCMG) and MTN, Shell, Oando, Stanbic IBTC, the company salary yearly is almost an equivalent or similar to these companies. From our findings, the salary of an entry level staff is estimated to be N3.5 million per annum for British American Tobacco with allowances included. Also note that; the info provided on how much BAT pay is subjected to change as much factors could spur a rise in its salary framework. If you know more on the amount for other individuals, or wish to add something to it, you may use the comment section to point it out. Source: http://www.thistrend.com.ng/2017/04/bat-nigeria-salary-scale-salary-of.html lalasticlala, Mynd44, Seun, OAM4J 1 Share Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by Atiku2019: 4:52am On Apr 16 BAT has one of the best salary structure in Naija 2 Likes Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by nmreports: 7:13am On Apr 16 For graduate trainee, I learnt its around 200+ after tax. Do you have to wait for a vacancy there before you apply? NO!!!. Follow this link for general enquiry about how to apply there: http://www.hrtechnique.com/2016/12/british-american-tobacco-2016.html Imagine working at BAT at a location like Ibadan. 1. Cheap standard of living. 2. International experience and treatment etc. Used to be my dream job. 11 Likes 1 Share Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by mokaflex(m): 7:13am On Apr 16 How much do poultry farmers earn from their businesses? Why can't we encourage self employment? 33 Likes Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by mokaflex(m): 7:13am On Apr 16 Op enough of how much GTbank, GLO, Mtn Exxonmobile pay their workers. Start m grow a business. Gbagaun 8 Likes 1 Share Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by modelmike7(m): 7:14am On Apr 16 Commendable , meanwhile, ALL SMOKERS ARE LIABLE TO DIE YOUNG. happy Easter Everyone. 2 Likes Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by calberian: 7:14am On Apr 16 I'm wondering how much that becomes monthly, net of taxes and all other deductibles. Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by Histrings08(m): 7:14am On Apr 16 How can I enter Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by ghostwritter(m): 7:14am On Apr 16 God pick up my call. I need a job far better than this in pay. 3 Likes Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by blessme2019: 7:15am On Apr 16 Noted, 2hen are they employing? Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by DTOBS(m): 7:16am On Apr 16 Is their recruitment exercise ongoing? Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by paskyboy: 7:16am On Apr 16 May Lord bless you on this auspicious day of Easter, May it be a new beginning of greater prosperity, success and happiness. Wish you a Happy Easter 5 Likes Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by lonelydora(m): 7:17am On Apr 16 Okay Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by ednut1(m): 7:18am On Apr 16 and again this amateur lair makes fp 1 Like Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by Teniolasmart(m): 7:18am On Apr 16 .u only posted d annual salary of a entry staff............i thought i would come here to see all d salaries of all their workers Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by shegunhadisa: 7:19am On Apr 16 God pls pick up call 1 Like Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by deeMarc: 7:19am On Apr 16 I went there for my industrial training but I wasn't called back...Nice place though. Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by sakalisis(m): 7:22am On Apr 16 Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by ogwoliun: 7:32am On Apr 16 BAT paid Entry level(driver) N80k per month. 1 Like Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by Locked(m): 7:33am On Apr 16 Memories tho! I applied for job in BAT twice, in 2014 and 2015, got to the 3rd stage both times, but my village people no gree make I great. Lol, I later gave up and online business came through for me and I found solace in it! Look at me today, I make $3000 dollars per month from Fiverr. The money I would have never tasted if doing a 9-5 job. Abeg, no room for paid employment in this country 18 Likes 1 Share Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by bumi10: 7:34am On Apr 16 wonderful Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by TopsyKrete: 7:36am On Apr 16 Ok Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by easyman999: 7:38am On Apr 16 I stand by Philip Morris International. 4 Likes Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by kaycyor: 7:40am On Apr 16 Based on logistics!!! mtn workers abi Bank staffs not contract workers oo.. 1 Like Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by Malcolmx12: 8:00am On Apr 16 easyman999: I stand by Philip Morris International. do dey pay more than BAT? Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by rozayx5(m): 8:03am On Apr 16 Locked: Memories tho! I applied for job in BAT twice, in 2014 and 2015, got to the 3rd stage both times, but my village people no gree make I great. Lol, I later gave up and online business came through for me and I took solace in it! Look at me today, I make $3000 dollars per month from Fiverr. The money I would have never tasted if doing a 9-5 job. Abeg, no room for paid unemployment in this country lol if i click my mouse 20 times in amonth am good fxxck all these silly jobs pay peanuts and take all the time in your life on earth Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by Locked(m): 8:09am On Apr 16 rozayx5: lol if i click my mouse 20 times in amonth am good fxxck all these silly jobs pay peanuts and take all the time in your life on earth Nice one man! Online is the shii Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by bizzibodi: 8:20am On Apr 16 Locked: Memories tho! I applied for job in BAT twice, in 2014 and 2015, got to the 3rd stage both times, but my village people no gree make I great. Lol, I later gave up and online business came through for me and I took solace in it! Look at me today, I make $3000 dollars per month from Fiverr. The money I would have never tasted if doing a 9-5 job. Abeg, no room for paid unemployment in this country $3000?show ya bros how. 1 Like Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by new2012: 8:23am On Apr 16 rozayx5: lol if i click my mouse 20 times in amonth am good fxxck all these silly jobs pay peanuts and take all the time in your life on earth Show me how Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by BiafraIShere(m): 8:24am On Apr 16 Good 1 Like Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by KnightOJ(m): 8:52am On Apr 16 Locked: Memories tho! I applied for job in BAT twice, in 2014 and 2015, got to the 3rd stage both times, but my village people no gree make I great. Lol, I later gave up and online business came through for me and I found solace in it! Look at me today, I make $3000 dollars per month from Fiverr. The money I would have never tasted if doing a 9-5 job. Abeg, no room for paid employment in this country Point torch for boys nah Re: BAT Nigeria Salary Scale: Salary Of British American Tobacco PLC Of Nigeria by vickertony(m): 8:52am On Apr 16 Locked: Memories tho! I applied for job in BAT twice, in 2014 and 2015, got to the 3rd stage both times, but my village people no gree make I great. Lol, I later gave up and online business came through for me and I found solace in it! Look at me today, I make $3000 dollars per month from Fiverr. The money I would have never tasted if doing a 9-5 job. Abeg, no room for paid employment in this country Baba show me the way. can i pm you i need your help on Fiverr (0) (1) (Reply) I Think My Staff Is Tired Of His Job / Motivational Speaker Zig Ziglar Is Dead! / BREAKING: Angry Workers Shut Down La Casera Viewing this topic: firstjoe and 1 guest(s) (Go Up) Sections: politics (1) business autos (1) jobs (1) career education (1) romance computers phones travel sports fashion health religion celebs tv-movies music-radio literature webmasters programming techmarket Links: (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) Nairaland - Copyright © 2005 - 2017 Oluwaseun Osewa. All rights reserved. See How To Advertise. 71 Disclaimer: Every Nairaland member is solely responsible for anything that he/she posts or uploads on Nairaland.
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Star Mountain appoints Jones as senior adviser April 12, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Star Mountain Capital LLC has hired Thomas L. Jones as a strategic personal investor and senior adviser. Currently, Jones is a managing director at Alvarez & Marsal. PRESS RELEASE NEW YORK, NY, April 11, 2017 – Star Mountain Capital, LLC (“Star Mountain”), a specialized alternative asset manager focused exclusively on the large and underserved U.S. lower middle-market (generally companies with between $10 million and $150 million in annual revenues), is pleased to announce that Thomas L. (“Tom”) Jones has joined as a strategic personal investor and Senior Advisor to help add value in both growing and protecting Star Mountain’s portfolio companies leveraging his 30+ years of lending, advisory, and restructuring experience. Mr. Jones is currently a Managing Director at Alvarez & Marsal (A&M), a leading restructuring and due diligence advisory firm. Highlights of his career at A&M include leading the liquidation of Lehman Brothers’ $14.5 billion portfolio in Asia. Prior to A&M, his distinguished career at JP Morgan includes Head of Corporate Lending in the U.S., a member of the Credit Policy Committee and Head of four industry groups within Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A). Mr. Jones has had a distinguished 30-year career in investment banking. He spent 20 years at JP Morgan, where he initially specialized in leveraged lending. Mr. Jones completed the firm’s first leveraged buyout (LBO) loan and private equity investment, a financing which led to the creation of JP Morgan Capital. He later became head of Corporate Lending in the U.S. and a member of the firm’s Credit Policy Committee. Mr. Jones then joined the M&A Department and became head of four industry groups – telecom, media, high-tech, and aerospace/defense, with responsibility for both investment banking and M&A. He later worked at both Salomon Brothers and Credit Suisse First Boston, where he had senior investment banking coverage responsibility for both large cap and emerging telecom companies. Mr. Jones graduated with high honors from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC). He started his career at Procter & Gamble and then returned to UNC to earn an M.B.A. from the Kenan-Flagler School of Business, where he later served on the Board of Visitors for 15 years. Mr. Jones completed the Corporate Finance Management course at Harvard Business School in 1986 and later was a guest lecturer at both Harvard’s Advanced Management Program (AMP) and the Kenan-Flagler School of Business. Mr. Jones earned a master’s degree in American Studies from Columbia University and is an instrument-rated pilot. Mr. Jones has served on the Board of Visitors of UNC, the boards of both Outward Bound U.S.A. and New York City Outward Bound, and the board of the Gladney Center, the nation’s oldest adoption agency. Mr. Jones currently serves on the board of Camplex, Inc., a private medical equipment company, and is a member of the board of The National Humanities Center. “Tom provides valuable industry knowledge and restructuring expertise that will further help Star Mountain’s underwriting analysis and strategic, value-added operating capabilities as an aligned advisor”, said Brett Hickey, Founder & CEO of Star Mountain. “Our team is pleased to have a second senior professional from A&M join our advisory board alongside our longstanding partner and friend, David Javdan who was formerly on the investment committee of the U.S. Government SBIC program and General Counsel of the SBA.” “I am looking forward to creating value for Star Mountain, its investors and portfolio companies by leveraging my industry experience, relationships and workout experience to help businesses both maximize and protect value”, said Tom Jones. “Having many common relationships with the Star Mountain team and seeing their vision come through to fruition in building a differentiated platform to source, analyze and add strategic value to U.S. small and medium-sized businesses, I am excited to help Star Mountain create economic value for shareholders and the U.S. economy.” ABOUT STAR MOUNTAIN Investing in the Growth Engine of America ® – Star Mountain Capital is a specialized lower middle-market asset management firm. It has a differentiated business model and “Collaborative Ecosystem” including its three channel approach to investing into small and medium-sized businesses via Direct Investments, Strategic Primary Fund Investments and Secondary Fund Investments. Star Mountain Charitable Foundation is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) focusing its charitable activities on improving lives via a focus on Health & Wellness (including Cancer Research) and Economic Development, including Job Creation and on-the-job learning through Internships. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Barings, Coller Capital, HP Enterprise are hiring by Eamon Murphy Blackstone agrees to hand over Jack Wolfskin to lenders: Reuters by Reuters News Aspen Skiing, KSL Capital to buy Intrawest Resorts for $1.5 bln by Luisa Beltran VC-backed StartUp Health recruits ex-GE Capital MD as CFO by Iris Dorbian Accel-KKR sells Abila to Community Brands by Iris Dorbian One Rock racks up $964 mln for sophomore fund by Iris Dorbian PE HUB First Read by Iris Dorbian Insight Venture Partners to buy majority stake in Zyme by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Sections News Eric Frein Trial Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Ex-cop, controller vie for Dickson City mayor High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Most Read Recent Comments Fire destroys Archbald home, displaces family AROUND TOWN: Semion, Toro to play for national title Motorcycle rider hospitalized after crash in Susquehanna County Dancer makes leap from dream to reality with shop Chris Kelly: The gospel of Matthew Fire destroys Archbald home Monday Update: Scranton objects to lawsuit challenging its taxing structure Local History: Easter Stories Along with robins appearing on front lawns and spring peepers making a racket after dusk, egg hunts in local parks signal that Easter is on its way. (read more) Auto enthusiasts show their rides at Circle Drive-In DICKSON CITY — The Circle Drive-In featured fast cars both on and off the screen Saturday, as automobile enthusiasts from across the region gathered to show off their rides before a screening of the latest “Fast and the Furious” film. (read more) Old-fashioned salesmanship still relevant for vacuum industry Old-fashioned salesmanship still has a place in the digital age. (read more) Dancer makes leap from dream to reality with shop Liza Murray had a love of dance and a dream. Last fall, opportunity brought those two pieces of her life together when Murray opened her own shop, 8 Count Dancewear, at 534 Lackawanna Ave. in downtown Scranton. (read more) Event proves that history doesn’t have to be stodgy Katrina Alvarado and Jack Meade were tourists in their own hometown Saturday. (read more) Nurses, GCMC settle contract Geisinger Community Medical Center has worked out a tentative new contract with its unionized registered nurses and nurse anesthetists, the union and Geisinger confirmed Friday. (read more) Artist assuages post-partum depression with mandala painting Creative inspiration came to Ariell Stewart just when she needed it most, and now the Mountain Top mother of three pairs it with her business acumen to help others find paths to inner peace. (read more) Scranton seeks third-party administrator of disability pensions In a long-anticipated reform of Scranton’s severely distressed pension system, the city seeks a third-party administrator of disability pensions. (read more) BY TERRIE MORGAN-BESECKER / Published: April 17, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Stadnitski MacCallum Dickson City’s former longtime police chief and current controller will square off for the Democratic nomination for mayor in the May primary election. William Stadnitski, who served as police chief for 33 years, and Robert MacCallum, who served as controller for seven years, are vying to replace current Mayor Stanley Prushinski, who opted not to seek re-election as mayor and is instead seeking a seat on council. No one is seeking the Republican nomination for mayor. Stadnitski, 67, retired as police chief in 2009. He believes the mayor’s primary responsibility is to support the Police Department. He decided to run because he thinks the department is going in the wrong direction and he has the necessary experience to get it back on track. “There is constant bickering between the union and council. A lot of it can be resolved,” Stadnitski said. If elected, Stadnitski pledged to search for grants to try to increase the number of full-time officers. He’d also like to see the borough restart a bicycle patrol that was in operation when he was chief. MacCallum, 51, said he’s hoping to continue his family’s longtime involvement in borough politics, which started with his father, who served on council in the mid-1990s. MacCallum also would like to see more full-time police officers. His experience as the borough’s controller and in a supervisory position at his job with Procter & Gamble have given him the leadership skills necessary to serve as mayor, he said. “I look forward to working with the new police chief and council. ... I’d like to be an ally for the officers and an ally to the chief to help him with the transition,” he said. Voters will cast their ballots May 16. Contact the writer: tbesecker@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9137; @tmbeseckerTT onTwitter   Robert MacCallum Age: 51 Family: Single; one daughter. Education: Mid Valley High School, class of 1984; Bachelor of Arts in political science, University of Scranton, 1988. Employment: Procter & Gamble Experience: Dickson City controller, 2010 to present. William Stadnitski Age: 67 Family: Married; three children, two stepchildren. Education: Dickson City High School, class of 1967. Employment: Retired from Dickson City Police Department; Air Force, 1968-71. Experience: Dickson City Police Department, 1972-2009; served as chief, 1976-2009. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
null
× Please Subscribe to Continue Reading. Become a digital subscriber today and enjoy unlimited access to the Omaha World-Herald anytime, anywhere. If you are a 7-day print subscriber, unlimited digital access is included in your subscription and you simply need to set up an online account. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-311-9811 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Digital only subscription Sign up now for a digital only subscription to omaha.com for just $9.95 a month.  As a digital only subscriber you have access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper. $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for non 7 day print subscribers Upgrade your less than 7 day World-Herald print subscription now for access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper for just $9.95 per month.   $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for 7 day print subscribers Full access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper is available at no charge to 7 day print subscribers.  Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Interested in a print subscription that includes digital access? Click here × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 52° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health Inspiration Meet Me at the Gym Race photos Live Well Nebraska Magazine Live Well Challenge Race calendar Consumer Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join our Team Inside Business Legal Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 52° Few Clouds Omaha, NE (68102) Today A mainly sunny sky. High 73F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Generally fair. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 54F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: April 17, 2017 @ 12:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close 1 of 5 The old brands and the new: Who's gaining ground, and who's trying to keep up By Barbara Soderlin / World-Herald staff writer Barbara Soderlin Apr 16, 2017 (…) The brands you grew up with are fighting to keep their spots on supermarket shelves, as new contenders muscle in. Here’s a look at how some of the newer brands came to be, and how they’re pushing older brands to keep up.  3 NEW BRANDS: +5  Kodiak Cakes The just-add-water, whole-grain pancake mix might have been ahead of its time when it was launched in 1995 by a Utah man based on an old family recipe. It was 10 years before the product was picked up by a national supermarket, while it gained steam at smaller stores. Big breaks came in 2014, with an appearance on the “Shark Tank” TV show and a new higher-protein blend picked up by Costco. Today, Kodiak Cakes sells more than $30 million in pancake mix a year and is the top pancake brand sold at Target. +5  Chobani The Greek yogurt brand embodies the fast-paced startup culture that big-food CEOs hope to emulate. Launched 10 years ago by a Turkish immigrant cheesemaker who bought an old Kraft plant, Chobani’s Greek-style yogurt blew up the category, reaching $1.5 billion in annual sales and overtaking big players like Yoplait. Its fast growth caused some stumbles along the way, though, including a 2014 recall. Still privately held, Chobani this spring hired an experienced executive from Nestlé to serve as president. +5  Screamin’ Sicilian This toppings-heavy, thick-crust frozen pizza comes with a free cardboard mustache. Family-owned Milwaukee pizza maker Palermo’s launched this premium-priced brand, which did $73.2 million in sales in its first year, ending 2016 one of the year’s “new product pacesetters” named by market research firm IRI. The company calls Screamin’ Sicilian the craft beer of pizzas. Mostly a private-label pizza maker, Palermo’s is now launching another trendy new brand, thin-crust Urban Pie Pizza Co. 3 OLD BRANDS: Kraft Macaroni & Cheese Kraft wanted to overhaul its classic Macaroni & Cheese dinner to eliminate artificial flavors, preservatives and dyes — but it didn’t want to spook customers. So it rolled out the new product but didn’t promote it for several months, long enough for people to try it and conclude that they #didntnotice — as the Twitter campaign went. The effort is bringing back lapsed consumers and getting more households to buy the product as Kraft fights off market share incursion from organic brand Annie’s, acquired in 2014 by General Mills. +5  MolsonCoors Just like big food companies, big brewers are struggling with a millennial shift, toward craft beer and cocktails. MolsonCoors has hit a few pitfalls as it looks to grow its old brands: The brewer yanked a Miller High Life campaign featuring hip millennials, and replaced it in 2016 with one it says celebrates the 1903 brand’s authentic heritage by reviving an old jingle: “If you’ve got the time, we’ve got the beer.” +5  Old Spice It’s not a food, but it’s a good example of how to revive your grandpa’s brand: Procter & Gamble saw a big sales and market share boost in old-fashioned Old Spice, which dates to 1937, after its 2010 “Smell Like a Man, Man,” campaign, geared to millennials with viral ads and social media content featuring former NFL player Isaiah Mustafa as “the man your man could smell like.” Sources: company statements; PR Week; Adweek; Dairy Reporter; Fast Company; Food Business News; Bloomberg; Chicago Tribune; Milwaukee Journal Sentinel; Wall Street Journal More information Healthy Choice for millennials? Conagra hopes to rework old brands to lure in new consumers Packaged food companies now are in a double bind: Launching big-time brands in a market crowded with niche products is a steeper climb, while many established brands — including Healthy Choice — are watching sales erode. Partly to blame are millennial shoppers, many of whom reject their parents’ old name-brand staples as they spread their food dollars around at specialty stores and online. Tags Brand Economics Marketing Millennial Campaign Commerce Palermo Brewer Pizza Maker Yogurt Product Boost Barbara Soderlin Barbara covers food and farming from the field to the supermarket, including ConAgra Foods, Omaha Steaks, Hy-Vee, the beef industry and agribusiness topics. Follow Barbara Soderlin Close Get email notifications on Barbara Soderlin daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Barbara Soderlin posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Barbara Soderlin Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Recommended for you Featured Businesses UNO Athletics | University of Nebraska Omaha 6001 Dodge Street, Omaha, NE 68182 402-554-4142 Getzschman Heating & Air Conditioning Omaha, Nebraska 2112 S 156th Cir, Omaha, NE 68130 402-554-1110 Currently Open Berkshire Hathaway Home Services - Ambassador Real Estate 331 Village Pointe Plaza, Omaha, NE 68118 402-493-4663 Artisan Pools 20513 Nicholas Cir #2, Elkhorn, NE 68022 402-312-4857 Ozark Smoked Meat Company 11302 Wright Cir, Omaha, NE 68144 402-333-1744 Honeyman Rent-All 4423 S. 84th St., Omaha, NE 68127 402-331-6103 In case you missed it Changes coming to Eppley Airfield's parking, rental car operations ahead of construction of new garage Nebraska native must pay back $47.3 million more as part of Wells Fargo scandal 'It’s a PR nightmare': United Airlines made multiple missteps in now-infamous passenger incident, Omaha experts say Omaha mortuary says problem with cremation machine led to 2016 blaze; it seeks $5.75 million in damages Former Husker, savvy businessman Ndamukong Suh already ‘ahead of the game’ with retirement plan Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Buffett charity commits to aiding young women of color, to tune of $90 million Berkshire sells Wells Fargo shares to get under threshold for being labeled a holding company Replay: April 11 Warren Watch chat Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
