Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Meeder Asset Management Inc. Sells 55,237 Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Meeder Asset Management Inc. cut its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 73.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 19,609 shares of the company’s stock after selling 55,237 shares during the period. Meeder Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $1,759,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Eqis Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 5.0% in the second quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. now owns 24,849 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,104,000 after buying an additional 1,180 shares during the last quarter. Marathon Asset Management LLP boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.9% in the second quarter. Marathon Asset Management LLP now owns 2,051,718 shares of the company’s stock valued at $173,719,000 after buying an additional 38,942 shares during the last quarter. Windward Capital Management Co. CA boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Windward Capital Management Co. CA now owns 135,022 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,432,000 after buying an additional 349 shares during the last quarter. Union Bankshares Corp boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.4% in the second quarter. Union Bankshares Corp now owns 63,866 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,408,000 after buying an additional 898 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 97.4% in the second quarter. Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. now owns 108,067 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,150,000 after buying an additional 53,318 shares during the last quarter. 67.28% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.31% on Wednesday, reaching $83.75. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 9,572,186 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $83.95 and a 200 day moving average price of $85.89. Procter & Gamble Company has a one year low of $74.46 and a one year high of $90.33. The firm has a market capitalization of $224.11 billion, a PE ratio of 22.34 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The business had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $16.49 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be given a dividend of $0.6695 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.20%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 71.66%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Meeder Asset Management Inc. Sells 55,237 Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/meeder-asset-management-inc-sells-55237-shares-of-procter-gamble-company-the-pg.html. A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on the company. Vetr cut Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, October 10th. Argus raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, October 14th. Jefferies Group reissued a “buy” rating and set a $98.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $92.00 price objective (up from $90.00) on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $89.07. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Great Reasons to Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Here's why P&G might be an ideal addition to your investment portfolio. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 11, 2017 at 12:40PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) stock hasn't attracted much investor interest lately. Shares underperformed the market in 2016 and are up only 25% over the last five years, compared to a 60% spike for the Dow. I recently highlighted a few of the reasons why investors could be right to stay away from the consumer goods giant. But there are two sides to every trade, and so today I'm looking at three powerful reasons to buy P&G stock now. A diverse market leader Procter & Gamble dominates the markets in which it competes. Its collection of blockbuster brands includes franchises such as Gillette, which gives it an amazing 65% of the global share of razors and blades. Pampers, its biggest single brand, is worth $9 billion in annual revenue. And P&G is the global market leader in laundry thanks to the Tide, Ariel, and Downy brands that account for about 30% of all spending in the segment. Bounty paper towels soaked up a whopping 40% of U.S market share last year. Image source: Getty Images. Those enviable market positions aid the business in a few key ways that pay dividends to long-term investors. For one, P&G's sales don't swing wildly with economic cycles. Even in times of extreme stress, like last year's global growth slowdown and foreign currency dislocations, operating results tend to churn higher. P&G posted a 22% spike in operating income in fiscal 2016 as organic sales ticked up by 1%. Market leadership also comes with significant scale advantages. With one of the world's biggest advertising budgets, P&G supports its brands in ways that no other company can hope to match. And in recent years it has coupled that marketing strength with a highly effective sampling program that puts millions of its products into customers' hands on a trial basis. Seventy percent of new moms in the U.S. received free Pampers last year, and nearly 80% of young men tried a Gillette Fusion razor around their 18th birthday. Enjoying rising profits While sales growth rates might stay sluggish for the foreseeable future, P&G's upcoming profit gains are likely to be far more exciting. The company has already sliced billions of dollars out of its annual expense structure, greatly simplified its supply chain and manufacturing processes, and removed layers of complexity from the operations. Until recently, those improvements haven't made a big impact in operating results due to the offsetting headwinds of foreign currency moves and brand divestments. But its most recent quarter hinted at the types of accelerated gains investors should see in the future. Core gross margin jumped by over 1 percentage point to boost adjusted earnings by 12% in P&G's fiscal first quarter. The company's long-run target is profit growth in the mid-single digits and, while it fell short of that goal in each of the last two years, a stronger brand portfolio, coupled with lower costs, make it likely that it will meet or exceed that target in the future. Increasing cash returns Even as sales fell by 8%, P&G showed off its power to generate gobs of cash last year. Operating cash flow improved by 6% to pass $15 billion as the company converted well over 100% of its earnings into cash. PG Cash from Operations (TTM) data by YCharts. This productivity delivers plenty of funds that management can plow back into growth initiatives like research and development and marketing, and it also means gushing cash returns to shareholders. The company is on track to send $22 billion to its investors this year and over $15 billion in each fiscal year through 2019, mostly through stock buybacks. As a result of that focus on share repurchases, income investors might be left wanting more from a P&G investment. And if you're looking for market-thumping sales growth rates, you are likely to be disappointed with this stock. But there's a lot to like about P&G for investors seeking strong cash flow, rising profitability, and a rock-solid market position. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 11, 2017 at 12:40PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $84.01 up $0.17 (0.20%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Procter & Gamble Co 5 Must-See Slides From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Analyst Presentation Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 5 Things to Know Before You Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Great Reasons to Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock #stocks $PG
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argan, Inc. (AGX) VP Sells $190,826.50 in Stock Welch Group LLC Has $16,194,000 Position in Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Peregrine Capital Management LLC Acquires Shares of 319,143 ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 524,751 Shares of Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) Charlest Maxwell Buys 25,000 Shares of Tecogen Inc. (TGEN) Stock Insider Selling: Albemarle Corporation (ALB) CFO Sells $95,785.34 in Stock Stefan Jacoby Sells 2,540 Shares of General Motors Company (GM) Stock Capital Southwest Corporation (CSWC) Major Shareholder Sells $91,442.40 in Stock Mark Hirschhorn Sells 5,000 Shares of Teladoc, Inc. (TDOC) Stock Sparton Corporation (SPA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. (SHO) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Robert W. Baird Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT Has $18,950,000 Stake in D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) Vaughan David Investments Inc. IL Has $19,082,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Coats Group PLC’s (COA) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt WGL Holdings Inc (WGL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Iamgold Corporation (IAG) Lowered to “Underperform” at Credit Suisse Group CEB Inc. (CEB) Upgraded to “Equal Weight” by Barclays PLC Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) is Wade G W & Inc.’s 6th Largest Position January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wade G W & Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 2.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 151,948 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 3,764 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) accounts for about 2.5% of Wade G W & Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 6th largest position. Wade G W & Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $13,637,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of PG. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.7% in the second quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 224,212 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,984,000 after buying an additional 5,789 shares during the period. City Holding Co. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.9% in the second quarter. City Holding Co. now owns 52,541 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,448,000 after buying an additional 1,470 shares during the last quarter. Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.8% in the second quarter. Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC now owns 145,136 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,441,000 after buying an additional 3,901 shares during the last quarter. Culbertson A N & Co. Inc. increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.7% in the second quarter. Culbertson A N & Co. Inc. now owns 78,161 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,618,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Gofen & Glossberg LLC IL increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.7% in the second quarter. Gofen & Glossberg LLC IL now owns 830,288 shares of the company’s stock worth $70,300,000 after buying an additional 6,011 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 67.28% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 83.40 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $83.95 and a 200 day moving average price of $85.89. The stock has a market cap of $223.18 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.25 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12 month low of $74.46 and a 12 month high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. The company earned $16.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $16.49 billion. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.98 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be issued a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.21%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s payout ratio is currently 71.66%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) is Wade G W & Inc.’s 6th Largest Position” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-is-wade-g-w-inc-s-6th-largest-position.html. PG has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, October 21st. Argus upgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $88.54 to $103.00 in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Vetr downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, October 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group set a $93.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $89.07. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Raised by Leisure Capital Management Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 11th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Leisure Capital Management boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 0.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 20,610 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 87 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) comprises approximately 1.7% of Leisure Capital Management’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 25th largest position. Leisure Capital Management’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $1,850,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PG. American National Bank increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Americafirst Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $112,000. Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $122,000. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 259.5% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,517 shares of the company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 1,095 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rothschild Capital Partners LLC acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $201,000. Institutional investors own 67.28% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded down 1.08% on Tuesday, hitting $83.49. 10,918,153 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $223.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.27 and a beta of 0.59. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $83.95 and a 200-day moving average price of $85.89. Procter & Gamble Company has a 52-week low of $74.46 and a 52-week high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 16.27% and a return on equity of 17.95%. The company had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $16.49 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.98 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a $0.6695 dividend. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.21%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s payout ratio is 71.66%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Raised by Leisure Capital Management” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/11/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-stake-raised-by-leisure-capital-management.html. PG has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Monday, November 21st. Vetr raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $92.75 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Argus raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a report on Monday. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $89.07. In related news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Stephens Inc. AR Boosts Position in Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Next » First Financial Northwest, Inc. (FFNW) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Trading Nation Trading Nation Trading Nation Tutorials Trader Bios Videos Weigh in on the market Dollar duds: Surging dollar may be a reason to sell these stocks Rebecca Ungarino | @ungarino Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 | 7:39 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trading Nation: Dollar trouble for staples?    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 2:43 PM ET | 02:52 If the dollar keeps rising, investors may want to rethink consumer staples holdings in their portfolios. The sector will face multiple headwinds in 2017 and see further downside, Goldman Sachs said Monday in a report that lowered its guidance for the group to cautious from neutral. Multinational companies feeling the effects of a stronger U.S. dollar, rising interest rates negatively impacting companies' valuations and "relatively less (if any) benefits" from impending changes in tax policy were cited as challenges ahead for consumer staples. The firm downgraded staples brands Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble from neutral to sell ratings in two reports Monday, and shares of both fell about 1 percent during the trading session. A stronger U.S. dollar was a principal concern in its downgrade of Coca-Cola. For Procter & Gamble, its price-to-earnings ratio of 21.6 times earnings was deemed too rich. A strengthening U.S. dollar means that sales in foreign currencies translates into less domestic revenue. Coca-Cola has seen the threat before. In its 2014 third-quarter earnings report, in which its revenue fell short of analysts' expectations, the company blamed currency-related headwinds against a stronger dollar. However, as the U.S. dollar index has rallied to 14-year highs since the presidential election, some strategists say these are not reasons to sell the names. "We still like several Consumer Staples companies, including KO [Coca-Cola] and PG [Procter & Gamble]. Consumer staples stocks actually have a slightly less foreign revenues than the broader S&P 500 index, with a little more [than] 35% of sales coming from outside the US," Erin Gibbs, equity chief investment officer at S&P Global, wrote Monday in an e-mail to CNBC, adding that she prefers Coca-Cola over Procter & Gamble. In other words, a little over one-third of the sector's revenue comes in non-U.S. dollars, and thus consumer staples do not face as large a headwind as anticipated, according to Gibbs. And while investors' preference for growth in a "risk-on" environment may pose uncertainty for consumer staples, the space is expecting moderate 6.3 percent earnings per share growth this year, which may look attractive to investors, Gibbs wrote. She prefers Coca-Cola over Procter & Gamble on a valuation basis. She said consumer staples could also benefit from lower corporate tax rates that President-elect Trump has proposed. Consumer staples — conventionally a defensive sector given the broad nature of frequently used household names in the space — is the second-worst performing sector in the S&P 500 (after health care) over the last year, up about 5.5 percent in that time. The Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR Fund ETF (XLP) is up about the same amount in the last year; Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola, respectively, are the fund's top-weighted holdings, followed by tobacco manufacturers Philip Morris and Altria. Max Wolff, market strategist at 55 Capital, sees concerns about a stronger U.S. dollar as overblown, although foreign exchange and heightened global trade volatility this year will still be a challenge for consumer staples. Rebecca UngarinoAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change XLP --- KO --- PG --- Trading Nation Here’s why tech could be your best bet this earnings season Tech could be your best bet in the new year, says one technical analyst. Why a stock-picking 'renaissance' may be comingg This solar stock is about to surge 15 percent — here’s how to play it: Trader Andrew Keene of AlphaShark is looking at one solar stock that he says will rally. Fool's gold? Traders say to get out of gold now — here’s why Bullion has staged a substantial comeback over the past three weeks, but some say it's time to take profits. More From Trading Nation Why the worst-performing stocks in the S&P 500 this year could be heading even lower Forget America — global stocks are about to stage a massive rebound: Technical analyst Sleepy Trump rally about to wake up according to this chart This iron stock is red hot this week, and there still may be time to strike Bet on Alphabet as tech starts to ‘re-emerge’: Trader This is the ‘age of discontent’ — and you need to invest accordingly, Wells Fargo says The 'Trump portfolio' is starting to slip — and it may be time for investors to bail The S&P 500 just experienced its smallest drop ever Bill Gross is wrong about bonds: Traders Dollar duds: Surging dollar may be a reason to sell these stocks Latest Special Reports Modern Medicine Take an in-depth look at the world of modern medicine - examining the treatments, companies and people making a difference in the way we treat illness and injuries today, and laying the foundation for the medical treatments of tomorrow. FinTech From Apple Pay to roboadvisors, the worlds of finance and technology are changing the way we live, work, spend money, and do business. CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Upstart 25 is a new original list of the bright young startups poised to become the great companies of tomorrow. About Trading Nation Trading Nation will offer enthusiast traders insights from a group of "Trader Coaches," a collection of expert CNBC Contributors who are well-versed in the daily challenges of trading. Each "Trader Coach" will have a different area of expertise, and will share their unique perspective on the markets, allowing new insights to emerge from this collaboration. Trading Nation is not simply about finding that next trade; it's a forum where enthusiast traders can hear and compare investing ideas in order to build confidence in their trading decisions. On-Air Video Trading Nation: Stocks react to Trump    Jonathan Krinsky, MKM Partners, and Dennis Davitt, Harvest Volatility Advisors, discuss President-elect Trump's affect on stocks with Brian Sullivan. Trading Nation: 2.6% the key level?    Craig Johnson, Piper Jaffray, and Boris Schlossberg, BK Asset Management, discuss Janus Capital's Bill Gross' view on 10-Year Treasury yields with Brian Sullivan. Trading Nation: Dollar trouble for staples?    Erin Gibbs, S&P Global, and Max Wolff, 55 Capital, discuss big name consumer staples with Brian Sullivan. @TradingNation Tweets by @TradingNation Host Brian Sullivan "Power Lunch" Co-Anchor Trading Nation Tutorials How to use the price-to-earnings ratio    Using support and resistance levels    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Raised by Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. raised its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 1.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 51,551 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 800 shares during the period. Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $4,627,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Cohen & Steers Inc. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 10,454.9% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 20,623,882 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,473,320,000 after buying an additional 20,428,486 shares during the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $426,390,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares during the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 198.8% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 4,367,095 shares of the company’s stock worth $391,947,000 after buying an additional 2,905,755 shares during the last quarter. Finally, APG Asset Management N.V. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 71.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 5,894,436 shares of the company’s stock worth $529,026,000 after buying an additional 2,465,900 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 67.28% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.74% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $84.40. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 11,000,579 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $83.92 and its 200 day moving average price is $85.88. The firm has a market cap of $225.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.51 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company has a one year low of $74.46 and a one year high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The firm had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.49 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Raised by Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc.” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/10/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-stake-raised-by-punch-associates-investment-management-inc.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on the company. Deutsche Bank AG cut Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $95.00 to $90.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their target price for the stock from $95.00 to $85.00 in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Wells Fargo & Company reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday, October 14th. Finally, Vetr lowered Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 target price for the company. in a report on Monday, October 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.07. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Position Raised by KCG Holdings Inc. Next » Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: Beauty Buys, Dirty Phones and the Next Big Super Food Published on January 11, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Coty has been on a shopping spree for years, doubling its size with last year's acquisition of much of Procter & Gamble's former beauty business. But it has acquired a lot of declining brands – leading to a 7.5% dip in measured U.S. retail sales last year, per Nielsen data from Deutsche Bank. Now Coty has shifted gears by snagging a rising star. It has agreed to buy a 60% stake in one of the fastest-growing social-media-fueled beauty brands – Younique —in a deal expected to close later this year. The brand, marketed heavily by 200,000 direct-sales reps via Facebook and other social channels, had sales of around $400 million to 4.1 million consumers in 2016, according to a release by Coty. That's up from a reported annual run rate of just $24 million in December 2013. Coty is paying $600 million, which puts valuation at 2.5 times sales, relatively tame compared with some other beauty deals of late. Coty CEO Camillo Pane said in a statement that the company looks forward to "building Younique into a leading global e-commerce beauty company." Coty joins Unilever, purchaser last year of Dollar Shave Club and Seventh Generation, in buying faster-growing smaller players with big e-commerce businesses. Coty isn't the only beauty player on the hunt. L'Oreal has agreed to acquire mass skincare brands CeraVe, AcneFree and Ambi from Valeant for $1.3 billion. The brands have combined sales of $168 million, the companies said in a release, valuing them at a hefty 7.7 times sales. That's still below the more than 10 times sales that Johnson & Johnson paid for haircare marketer Vogue International last year. CeraVe in particular is growing fast, averaging 20% sales increases each of the past two years. L'Oreal will incorporate the over-the-counter brands into its mostly prestige and professional Active Cosmetics Division, whose U.S. sales will nearly double, according to Frederic Roze, CEO of L'Oreal USA. Interpublic's McCann Humancare has worked on CeraVe, and parent McCann Worldgroup is already on L'Oreal's roster. Lisa Curtis, Kuli Kuli founder and CEO Credit: Kuli Kuli Sticking with investment news, have you tried moringa? Kellogg Co. has, and it sees potential in the plant protein. Kellogg's venture capital fund, eighteen94 capital, led a $4.25 million Series A funding of Kuli Kuli, a maker of moringa-based products including bars and powders founded by Lisa Curtis. The deal marks the first investment for eighteen94 capital, a fund that launched last year to help Kellogg find and invest in innovative ideas. Other institutional investors in the round were InvestEco and S2G Ventures, Kellogg said. Kuli Kuli says moringa packs more of a nutritional punch than kale, and it was cited by The Wall Street Journal last year as a food trend to watch. "By investing in Kuli Kuli and helping them grow, we're backing a new superfood category, one in which we see the potential for ongoing high-growth," Simon Burton, managing director of eighteen94 capital, said in a statement. Mr. Burton was also named to Kuli Kuli's board of directors. Dove 60th Birthday #RaiseTheBeautyBar Facebook post by Jordin Sparks Credit: Jordin Sparks via Facebook/Courtesy Dove US/Unilever Dove is turning 60, and Unilever is celebrating the milestone with a new ad and limited-edition beauty bar engraved with the word "care," which the brand says symbolizes "the superior care Dove has provided women over the past 60 years." It's also rolled out the #RaiseTheBeautyBar tagline for the occasion to spark conversation about how people will redefine beauty, in keeping with the brand's long-running "Real Beauty" campaign. The social-media effort is backed by Jordin Sparks and Nicole Richie among others. Dove is a multi-billion-dollar global brand from an Anglo-Dutch company, but had it's origins in the U.S. Whoosh at CES sticker 1 Credit: Whoosh Whoosh at CES sticker 2 Credit: Whoosh What was the dirtiest place at CES? Whoosh!, which makes a cleaner to disinfect mobile phones, claims it was the phones of the many attendees. To drive home the point, it plastered 1,000 stickers like these with the "It's OK to text and poop" message, on stalls and mirrors in bathrooms around the Las Vegas Convention Center. In an ad deal with the center, Whoosh! is sticking them in bathrooms for other shows as well. From funny to sad in the bathroom, here's the latest installment of work from Deutsch Los Angeles, for Angel Soft from Koch Industries' Georgia-Pacific proving it's perfectly possible to jerk tears with toilet-paper ads. In this batch documenting the travails of two dads and a mom, the brand shows how they're both soft and strong – just like Angel Soft. Rise to the occasion Credit: DiGiorno Nestlé USA's DiGiorno is gearing up for the end of the NFL season with the help of Von Miller, the MVP of last year's Super Bowl. But the frozen-pizza marketer is not showcasing the football player in a typical sports spot. Instead, the rising-crust pizza brand enlisted DonerLA for a "Rise to the Occasion" music video, along with talent and production work supported by The Reach Agency. The nearly four-minute video, which launched last week, also features the musical talents of Redfoo, Marcus Perez, Devvon Terrell, Diamond White and Madilyn Bailey. Another star is DiGiorno's own Chris Brody, who years ago rapped as O-Fresh before getting into food marketing. Mr. Brody pops up at the 1:07 mark in a black and white jacket. The video is on YouTube and elsewhere, with shorter pre-roll versions on sites such as SI.com. The song is available on Spotify and SoundCloud. JSM Music co-produced the song with Redfoo and the video was directed by Rami Hachache of Prettybird Productions. Lastly, some news from the boardroom. DineEquity Inc., which runs Applebee's and IHOP chains, named Lilian Tomovich to its board of directors. Ms. Tomovich is chief experience officer and chief marketing officer of MGM Resorts International and becomes the 11th member of DineEquity's board. "She brings phenomenal energy, experience and skills in digital marketing, loyalty strategy and guest relationship management," DineEquity Chairman and CEO Julia Stewart said in a statement. Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Celebrity Digital Video M&A Music Packaged Food Restaurants Social Sports Sports Marketing TV Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Kimberly-Clark Corporation Stock Fell 10% in 2016 Unrealistically high expectations set the consumer products titan up for a steep fall last year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 11, 2017 at 1:01PM Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB), the consumer products giant behind blockbuster global brands like Huggies diapers and Kleenex tissues, badly trailed the market last year. Shares declined by 10%, compared to a 10% increase for the S&P 500 and a 6% gain for rival Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). KMB data by YCharts. Below, we'll explore why the stock stumbled last year while looking at its prospects for a brighter 2017. Overheated expectations Kimberly-Clark started off with solid growth. In early January it announced that fiscal fourth-quarter organic sales jumped 5% as emerging markets spiked 9% higher. That was enough to put the company at the top end of its target of between 3% and 5% organic gains for the full year. P&G, by contrast, grew by just 2% in its most recently complete fiscal year. The strong momentum gave CEO Tom Falk and his executive team confidence going into the new year, which showed up in its official forecast. Kimberly-Clark initially targeted between 3% and 5% sales growth in 2016. Cost cuts, meanwhile, were seen helping profitability rise so that adjusted earnings improved to as much as $6.15 per share, up 7% from the prior year. Image source: Kimberly-Clark. However, halfway through the year it became clear that the company had been too optimistic about its assumptions. In its second-quarter announcement, the company lowered its organic growth outlook to 3% as the business struggled under the weight of a demand slowdown across some of the biggest markets in the industry. Then, in its October quarterly report, Kimberly-Clark pulled down its full-year guidance yet again, to its current forecast of just 2% organic growth. "I am not satisfied with our top-line results," Falk told investors at the time, even though the management team was encouraged by the fact that the company held or improved market share across nearly all its product categories. Procter & Gamble seems to be the beneficiary of at least some of those sales declines. The consumer products titan posted its best growth rate in years at its last quarterly outing, with organic sales rising 3%. Management cited improving market share for the Pampers diaper brand against Kimberly-Clark's Huggies as one driver behind the better growth. Looking forward Kimberly-Clark is stumbling into 2017. Sure, it will likely announce an improvement over the prior quarter's flat sales result when it posts fourth-quarter results in late January. But organic gains should still be roughly 2% for the trailing 12 months, compared to a much healthier 5% at this time in 2016. As a result, shareholders will be eager to hear management's plan for sparking a sustainable rebound. That strategy should include cost cuts like the restructuring plan it announced in 2014 that sliced about $400 million out of annual expenses. Depending on their reading of the industry, though, executives might outline more aggressive measures, too. Something along the lines of P&G's brand-shedding initiative that removed 100 slower-growing franchises from its portfolio. The good news is that Kimberly-Clark's business is improving in key ways right now, including through higher operating margins, better cash flow, and spiking returns on invested capital. It matches up well against P&G as a dividend stock, too, given that the payout is growing in the mid-single digits while P&G's barely ticked up by 1% last year. The stock is likely to continue trailing its rival, and the market, though, until Kimberly-Clark can raise its sales expansion pace back up to levels that correspond with solid market share growth. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 11, 2017 at 1:01PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $84.01 up $0.17 (0.20%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $114.59 up $0.13 (0.11%) Read More 3 Dividend Aristocrats We Wouldn't Buy 3 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks to Survive the Brexit Panic These 3 Boring, Defensive Stocks Beat the Market in 2015 Kimberly-Clark Corp Raises Full-Year Outlook Despite Foreign Exchange Headwinds Kimberly-Clark Trims Costs Amid Currency Woes Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Why Kimberly-Clark Corporation Stock Fell 10% in 2016 #stocks $PG, $KMB
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Tool, Caviar, Big Block, RSA and Smuggler Add New Directors By Rebecca Hia. Published on January 11, 2017. Floyd Russ Credit: Tool Most Popular Tool signed director Floyd Russ to the integrated production company's live action roster. Russ directed the "Marriage Market" docu-short earlier this year for Procter & Gamble's global skin care brand SK-II, for which he won a Glass Lion at the Cannes festival. Russ' work for States United to Prevent Gun Violence, "Unload Your 401k," won Titanium and Silver Lions at Cannes. His other projects in 2016 include the "Voodoo Music Festival" for Toyota, music videos for Lil Silva and Scott McFarnon, and campaigns for Gillette and the National Parks Foundation. Greg Whiteley Credit: Caviar Caviar added director Greg Whiteley to its LA roster. Whiteley, a Seattle-born writer, director and producer, is behind films like 'Mitt,' which gives an inside peek into Mitt Romney's personal life during his presidential campaigns and was shown at the 2014 Opening Gala for the Sundance Film Festival. No stranger to Sundance, three of Whiteley's films have premiered at the festival over the last seven years. His most recent work is the docuseries ''Last Chance U", which aired on Netflix in 2016, and picked up an Independent Documentary Association Award for Best Episodic Series. Marcus Kuhne Credit: Big Block Big Block added Spanish director Marcus Kuhne to its roster. His visual for The Chainsmokers hit "Don't Let Me Down (feat. Daya)," which documents a drive through a sun-soaked California canyon gone wrong, garnered Kuhne a 2016 MTV VMA nomination for Best Electronic Video. Recently Kuhne helmed rapper Trinidad James' video for "Hipster Stripclub," churning out a dark, acid-laced short that blurs the lines between reality and hallucination. He has also done branded web content for Ray-Ban and Reebok. David Karlak Credit: RSA Films RSA Films signed filmmaker David Karlak for commercial representation. Karlak, 30, first captured attention in 2010 with psychological thriller "The Candidate." He went on to sell action/sci-fi pitch "Rise" to Warner Bros.; the feature film is now in development at Cross Creek Pictures with Karlak attached to direct. Karlak also directed a custom VR experience for BMW's design team in Munich. And he is working to develop new VR production tools and software as the creative director at Nurulize, a VR software company in downtown Los Angeles. Credit: Los York Content agency Los York announced the signing of director Jason Zada. His work includes the 2016 feature film "The Forest" (starring "Game of Thrones"' Natalie Dormer and, the Emmy-award winning interactive Facebook Connect experience "Take This Lollipop." Before moving into directing, Zada started the advertising agency EVB in 2000, which grew to a 65-person agency later acquired by Omnicom. He has worked at production company Tool, and with agencies including Wieden & Kennedy, CP&B, Leo Burnett, Grey and Saatchi & Saatchi. Benji Weinstein Credit: Smuggler Director Benji Weinstein has joined Smuggler. He was previously handled by Tool of North America for commercials and branded content. He has been profiled as one of Creativity's Top 20 New Directors. Andrew De Zen Credit: StunSpots Cameron Gade Credit: StunSpots StunSpots, the commercial production unit of Stun Creative, has named two new spot directors to its roster -- Andrew De Zen and Cameron Gade. A Canadian-born director, writer, producer, and editor based out of Toronto, De Zen has worked with clients such as Nike, Playstation, Joe Fresh, Victim Services Toronto, Indigo, and YMCA. Most recently, De Zen has been creating, directing, and producing a series of connected short films called "Of Walls & Mountains". Gade is a director, cinematographer, and writer of commercials and music videos who is based in Utah. His work includes spots for new technology such as RealSoulApp, and for accessories company Arvo. StrangeLove Team Credit: StrangeLove U.K.-based production company and media studio StrangeLove is entering the U.S. with offices in Los Angeles and New York. StrangeLove was born out of the creative hub of Passion Pictures and is launching in the U.S. with directors including a collective called Brthr, Geremy & Georgie, and Andrew Thomas Huang. Geremy & Georgie directed experiential project Target Spectacular and helped launch Florence & The Machine in the U.S. with "Dog Days are Over." Andrew Thomas Huang is a creative director for pop singer Bjork. In this article: Creativity Production Moves Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Montag, 16. Januar | 03:13 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 15:00 | 11.01.2017 Procter & Gamble’s Environmental New Year’s Resolution – Send Zero Manufacturing Waste to Landfill From All Production Sites by 2020 P&G announced today additional investments in recycling and beneficial reuse that will eliminate all manufacturing waste from its global network of more than 100 production sites by 2020. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170111005264/en/ Since P&G began qualifying sites as zero manufacturing waste to landfill, 56% of its global production sites have achieved this milestone. Plans are now in place to complete the remaining facilities over the next four years. This means eliminating or beneficially re-using about 650,000 metric tons of waste, equivalent to the weight of nearly 350,000 mid-sized cars that would typically go to landfills. “We are accelerating progress toward our long term vision and pushing ourselves to do more – with less waste,” said Shailesh Jejurikar, executive sponsor for sustainability and President of Global Fabric Care. “Since 2010, we’ve been working toward a vision of sending zero manufacturing and consumer waste to landfills. This announcement marks another step on that journey.” P&G will achieve its zero waste goals by ensuring all incoming materials are either: – converted into finished product, – recycled internally or externally or – re-used in alternative ways through partnerships. P&G has been focusing on finding unique alternatives for its waste. For example, in Lima, Ohio, liquid waste from products like Tide and Gain are being converted to and other alternative fuels sources to power vehicles. Non-recyclable plastic laminate materials from our plants in Mandideep and Baddi, India are shredded and pressed into low-cost building panels. Through efforts such as these around the globe, P&G is not only reusing and recycling for its own needs, it is investing in local communities by helping convert its waste into raw materials and feedstock for other companies. Currently, more than half of P&G’s production sites have achieved zero manufacturing waste to landfill status, including a broad range of product families and geographic regions. In 19 countries (Germany, UK, Poland, Japan, Mexico, Spain, Egypt, Belgium, Ireland, Vietnam, Hungary, Indonesia, Czech, Romania, Singapore, Korea, Thailand, Turkey and Pakistan) all manufacturing facilities have met the zero waste qualification, and the Company is approaching 100% of sites in other countries including China and India. “Our employees are using the same innovation skills and zero loss mentality they put into manufacturing our products to drive out waste,” said Yannis Skoufalos, P&G President of Global Product Supply. “For example surfactants from Head and Shoulders waste in China are repurposed into carwash, while scrap from our Tampax plant in Canada is used to make emergency spill containment products. These innovative external partnerships enable our sites to see scrap not as waste, but as potential worth for someone else.” For more information, please visit http://us.pg.com/sustainability/environmental-sustainability/focused-on/waste. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170111005264/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 20:35 Uhr | 15.01.2017 dpa-AFX-Überblick: UNTERNEHMEN - ... 19:42 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Klimaabkommen: Französischer ... 18:52 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Allianz-Chef: Wir können keinen ... 18:46 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Guter Start der Messe CMT - mehr ... 18:23 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Söder: Bürger mit ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Terrible Reasons to Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock If you buy shares of the consumer goods giant for one of these reasons, you're likely to be disappointed. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 10, 2017 at 12:01PM Image source: Procter & Gamble. Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) finally has momentum on its side. Its latest quarterly report showed broad sales volume growth, which makes it likely that it will post improved revenue gains this year after two straight years of declines. A slimmer cost profile should also help the consumer goods titan deliver on its annual profit growth targets after a falling short in each of the past two years. A P&G stock purchase isn't without risks, though. Below, I'll highlight a few of the worst reasons to buy P&G shares today. Betting on a quick rebound There's no reason to count on a quick return to impressive sales gains. Industry growth rates are slowing, not speeding up, and that headwind is sure to keep pressure on both the top and bottom lines. Just consider what P&G's competitors are saying about the market right now. "We experienced a more challenging economic and competitive environment" in the third quarter, Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) CEO Thomas Falk told investors in late October after the company's growth rate slowed to zero. Unilever (NYSE:UL) sounded the same bell, saying "consumer demand remained weak and volumes have slowed further" in the industry. Meanwhile, P&G is still watching its market share tick lower even as it manages to reverse the slide in a few categories. Combine the sluggish industry trends with competitive challenges, and it's no surprise that the company forecasts just 2% organic growth in fiscal 2017. Yes, that's an improvement over the prior year's 1% uptick, but it's far from the 3% to 5% gains that P&G used to enjoy. Investors shouldn't bet on the new and improved portfolio delivering soaring revenue, either. After cutting 100 slower-growing, less profitable brands from the business, P&G finally has the exact mix of products that it wants. However, the management team has been clear that it will take time before the faster growth rate emerges. Aiming for fast dividend growth P&G has one of the longest-running dividend growth streaks on the market, but its pace of hikes has slowed to an absolute crawl. The payout rose at a double-digit rate for most of the 2000s, then fell to 7% for fiscal 2012 through 2014, before plummeting to just a 1% uptick in 2016. Data source: P&G financial filings. Chart by author.  The good news is that profits are finally moving higher. However, the dividend still takes up an uncomfortably large chunk of earnings (roughly 70%), and so management is limited in its ability to deliver market-thumping raises until that ratio falls back down toward 50%. There's no such limitation around stock buybacks, which is the main avenue through which P&G is boosting its overall cash returns to shareholders these days. Yet income investors who are gunning for fast dividend growth, and not just a shrinking share count, should look elsewhere. Buying a blue chip stock on the cheap Despite years of trailing the market, P&G's stock doesn't look like a screaming bargain right now. In fact, it is valued at 23 times earnings, for a slight premium over both Unilever and Kimberly-Clark, even though these rivals have been posting consistently stronger organic growth. Investors were able to scoop up P&G shares at less 19 times earnings as recently as 2014 before the profit slump pushed its price-to-earnings ratio to unusually high levels. The stock's 6% increase last year made it one of the worst-performing members of the Dow, but it still reflected rising optimism that P&G will soon be expanding at a faster organic growth pace while enjoying higher profitability. If it hits those targets, then the stock will have earned its premium valuation. That's far from a sure thing, though, and investors could just as easily see stubbornly weak results from P&G for a third straight fiscal year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 10, 2017 at 12:01PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $41.46 down $0.11 (-0.26%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $84.01 up $0.17 (0.20%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $114.59 up $0.13 (0.11%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Procter & Gamble Co 5 Must-See Slides From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Analyst Presentation Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 5 Things to Know Before You Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Terrible Reasons to Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock #stocks $UL, $PG, $KMB
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     Febreze Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Coming Posted: Jan 10 2017, 2:35am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Super Bowl   This story may contain affiliate links.   The Procter & Gamble Co. brand Febreze is getting a Super Bowl commercial. The Febreze Super Bowl 2017 ad will be a 30 seconds long and produced by the Grey agency in New York. The Febreze commercial will be running in the second quarter, according to AdAge. Don't Miss: NES Classic Alternatives are Cheaper Febreze is a brand of household odor eliminators manufactured by Procter & Gamble that was introduced about 20 years ago. The odor killer for fabrics has evolved into a whole line-up of specialized products. Procter & Gamble has not yet revealed any details about the Febreze Super Bowl 2017 ad and which Febreze product will be featured. As reported, Procter & Gamble also runs a Mr. Clean Super Bowl 2017 commercial.  The Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list is now also listing Febreze as a brand that will get a Super Bowl 2017 commercial. Find out who puts down the more than $5 million for a 30 second spot in the Super Bowl 2017 broadcast on Fox. The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. The full official title of the show between the first and second halftime is pretty long winded: Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. The Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show is the most-watched musical event of the year. More than 116.5 million viewers in the U.S. watched last year's show. Super Bowl LI and Halftime Show will be broadcast by FOX Sports from NRG Stadium in Houston. Super Bowl LI marks Pepsi's fifth year as title sponsor of the Super Bowl Halftime Show and 15th year as an NFL partner.  Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts.   I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The Car Super Bowl 2017 Ads 3 days ago, 9:26am CST Reserve Your Super Bowl LI Tickets and Pay only if Your Team Makes it to the Big Game 3 days ago, 8:04am CST Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers 3 days ago, 4:08am CST Buick Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 3 days ago, 4:06am CST No BMW Super Bowl 2017 Ad Coming 3 days ago, 3:41am CST Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 10 hours ago, 9:51am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 10 hours ago, 9:43am CST Wearable Sensors can Tell When you’re Getting Sick 12 hours ago, 8:14am CST New Technology can Diagnose Diseases using Cell Phone Photos 13 hours ago, 6:48am CST Sulphuric Acid Clouds caused Darkness, cold, killing Dinosaurs 16 hours ago, 3:51am CST Why Uber is bullish on Carpooling, Ride-sharing in India 16 hours ago, 3:41am CST Featured News $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now Pre-order of Nintendo Switch Starts Friday at Nintendo Store   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 New Gibbon Species is Named after Star Wars’ Luke Skywalker Super Bowl The Car Super Bowl 2017 Ads 3 days ago, 9:26am CST Reserve Your Super Bowl LI Tickets and Pay only if Your Team Makes it to the Big Game 3 days ago, 8:04am CST Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers 3 days ago, 4:08am CST Buick Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 3 days ago, 4:06am CST More Super Bowl Stories Latest News Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Advanced Bioeconomy Leadership Conference. 5 events in 1! DC, March 1-3, 2017 Job Board Subscribe ABLC 2017 Advertising/Sponsorship BioChannel.TV ABLC NEXT Top Stories Global News Thought Leadership 8-Slide Guides Policy Research Stock Index DuPont Enzyme Technology to increase BioGas Production & Profit Iowa researchers - sharing discoveries with Iowa bioscience companies. Discover more, Deliver more - Find out how Novozymes products and services can fuel your success. What Fuels You? Sorghum, the Smart Choice- Watch the video. Alfa Laval - Equipped for Success, remove impurities at the right state Report says global biobased PET market may hit $13.1 billion by 2023 January 10, 2017 | Meghan Sapp In Delaware, GM Insights says global biobased PET market size may generate $13.1 billion by 2023. Increasing importance of sustainable packaging, especially in China and India, may positively influence bio based polyethylene market size growth. Coca-Cola, H.J. Heinz, Nike, Procter & Gamble and Ford Motor have collaborated Plant PET Technology Collaborative (PTC) for 100% bio polyethylene terephthalate production acceleration intended for apparels, technical seat trims, plastic bottles, floor carpets and footwear. APAC bio PET marker size, led by China & India, was dominant and accounted for over 32.5% of the overall demand in 2015. Growing CSD (carbonated soft drinks) & alcohol beverage demand in China and India have resulted in increased scope for packaging. Australian government formed (APC) The Australian Packaging Covenant for sustainable packaging promotion which may favor on bio-based PET market growth. The Japanese government has set a target of 20% bioplastics production in the plastics market by 2020, which may favor bio based polyethylene terephthalate market growth over the next several years. Bio polyethylene terephthalate weighs lower in comparison to their fossil fuel counterparts, which helps its use in exterior and interior automotive parts. AT&T, Nissan and Toyota Motors have announced plans to use bioplastics in their products, which may positively influence bio PET market growth in technical applications. Print PDF Tags: biobased, Delaware, PET Category: Producer News Comments are closed. « Researchers find sweet sorghum and sugarcane can cut biorefinery down time Ireland’s Bord na Móna taking heat over PKS feedstock » ABLC 2017 - 5 conferences in one, and everyone's going. DC, March 1-3, 2017.. Free Subscription The Biofuels Digest newsletter The most widely-read biofuels daily — 14,000+ organizations subscribe — why not you too? Your email: Iowa researchers - sharing discoveries with Iowa bioscience companies. © 2017 Biofuels Digest. All rights reserved. Premium WordPress Themes.
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US STOCKS-S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil Reuters Jan. 10, 2017, 4:42 PM 516 facebook linkedin twitter email print * Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan gain * Health stocks up for 6th session, Illumina leads * Dow down 0.16 pct, S&P flat, Nasdaq up 0.36 pct (Updates to close, adds commentary, changes byline) By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 10 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. The Dow's 20,000 milestone remained elusive as it was weighed down by declines in IBM, Merck & Co, Exxon Mobil and Procter & Gamble. Traders were holding fire ahead of the upcoming corporate earnings season and the Jan. 20 inauguration after which they expect a better sense as to whether President-elect Donald Trump will fulfill campaign promises of fiscal stimulus, lower tax and lighter regulation. "Investors are now waiting for the inauguration and the first 100-day agenda," said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at brokerage Convergex in New York. "They just want a little more information about what the new administration is planning before the Dow takes the plunge over 20,000. There's a lot of high expectations about what happens after January 20." The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 31.85 points, or 0.16 percent, at 19,855.53, the S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite added 20.00 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,551.82. The S&P Energy sector ended down 0.95 percent as oil futures fell 2 percent on doubts about output cuts. Following a 9 percent jump in the S&P since Nov. 4, investors will also monitor earnings season, which starts this week, to assess if the record levels are justified. "We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York. "Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher." S&P 500 companies are set to post their strongest quarterly growth in three years, with earnings estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by financials, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P financial sector, which has risen 17.4 percent since the election, closed up 0.4 percent. Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan - scheduled to report results on Friday - were its biggest drivers on Tuesday with 1.7 percent, 0.7 percent and 0.3 percent rises respectively. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher. S&P Healthcare stocks gained 0.33 percent and the Nasdaq biotech index ended 0.8 percent higher, both enjoying their sixth session of gains in a row. Illumina surged 16.6 percent to $165.04 after the diagnostics company gave a strong quarterly forecast and launched a new product. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.90-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 18 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Caroline Valetkevitch in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and James Dalgleish) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News USA-STOCKS/ (UPDATE 6) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US STOCKS-S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil US STOCKS-S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil * Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan gain*... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price. Published on January 11, 2017. While consultants are adding creative services, agency giants such as Omnicom are expanding their offerings as well. Credit: Scott Eells/Bloomberg Most Popular As marketing becomes increasingly driven by data and technology, ad agencies are having to compete for business against a newfound rival: consulting firms like Accenture and Deloitte. While this tension has been brewing for a few years, it's now reaching fever pitch. Deloitte has acquired a dozen creative agencies, while Accenture Digital last year was named the largest and fastest-growing digital agency network. Ad agencies need to respond; what was once a pending threat to their business model is now very real. Look no further than Del Monte Food's hiring of Epsilon, a data-based consultancy, as its U.S. agency of record to see how consultancies are giving traditional agencies a run for their money. CMOs now understand that a data-led strategy -- not creative alone -- is driving top-line growth. Data enables companies to discover customer insights and innovate products accordingly. It's also key to creating an outstanding customer experience that is both individualized and scalable. Converging business models The businesses models of consulting and creative agencies are converging. While consultants, who have deep background in business strategy and enterprise technology, are adding creative agencies to their arsenal of solutions, large ad agencies are expanding their offerings too. Omnicom, for example, created Hearts & Science, an integrated digital agency that uses technology to scale customer relationships. Since its formation this year, it has acquired Proctor & Gamble and AT&T as customers. Agency networks like Publicis Groupe and WPP have also been rolling out their own consulting shops for some time, which can open the door to additional creative revenue and wider margins. Agencies that don't have in-house consulting will need to show that they understand business strategy and the role of technology in marketing to keep pace with consulting firms. Creativity will continue to be essential to marketing success, but it's just a part of the solution businesses need, not the solution. Embracing a data-driven approach Data is a key tool for consultants, and it needs to become one for creative strategists too. In the days of one-size-fits-all marketing, CMOs simply asked, "What's the best way to boost sales?" Raising awareness of the product was typically the answer, and the best tactic was a creative advertising campaign. But brand awareness is not enough today; you need to also create a great customer experience. Marketers have realized this and are now using data to see what entices customers and what doesn't. For agencies, this means embracing the data-driven approach consultants have long championed. Agencies need to provide not only the right product messaging, but also the right marketing tools to drive that message -- and measure the results. That's why Razorfish, a division of Publicis Groupe, partnered with Adobe to build its own digital marketing platform. Investing in technical talent Agencies have an opportunity to diversify their offerings, but they need to overcome several challenges. Talent acquisition continues to be a main hurdle. Agencies don't have the money to hire the personnel to dive into digital and data because resources are tied up in the infrastructure that served the era when TV was still dominant. Although TV still captures over 40% of agency budgets, many agencies were set up for much more and this is limiting how quickly they can respond. As ad spend continues to shift from TV to digital, agencies will need to hire software engineers, designers and analysts that can quickly build tools and drive the customer experience their clients are looking for. This will be especially tricky for publicly traded agencies, who can't easily sell off outdated business units to develop new ones. This TV focus, combined with agencies' personnel-heavy approach to client service, limits their ability to invest in new channels and tools they can offer customers. The year 2017 will be a turning point for agencies. Those that aren't singularly focused on technology to scale the customer experience may find themselves up for review. Given their expertise in business strategy, consultants have been more successful in acquiring creative talent and companies than vice versa. But agencies have an opportunity to reinvent themselves, and doing so could open up new lines of business. For this to happen, they need to think more like consultants and offer a wide array of technical solutions. That way, they can ward off the consulting firms encroaching on their turf. In this article: Agencies DigitalNext Penry Price Penry Price is VP of LinkedIn Marketing Solutions. Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Jacob Kepler/Bloomberg Energy For Companies Torn Between Industry and Climate, the Heat Is On Pressure on a company devoted to both renewable energy and a traditional trade group has come from the left. About-face. by Eric Roston @eroston More stories by Eric Roston January 11, 2017, 8:30 AM EST January 11, 2017, 8:44 AM EST Environmental groups have long made hay of companies that tout their climate-friendliness but belong to industry associations that promote traditional energy in Washington. The pressure was from the left. Now, for companies active in both renewable energy and conventional trade organizations, it’s coming from the right. Many top companies rode an international sustainable-business wave buoyed by President Barack Obama’s policies, even as their trade organizations often differed. For example, Google, General Motors, and Procter & Gamble all belong to RE100, an initiative that invites companies to commit themselves to using 100 percent renewable energy—and each has ties to a group such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce or the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), which advocate rollbacks of Obama-era rules covering power plants, vehicles, or energy production. The election of Donald Trump yanks on the tightrope they’re already walking. It also has emboldened companies and trade associations that are flat-out opposed to many of Obama’s energy rules. They are wasting no time in making their case to the president-elect, according to a new report by Influence Map, a British nonprofit group that tracks corporate climate-and-energy policies.  An electric van is parked in the shade of a solar array that powers the charging station at the Googleplex in Mountain View, Calif. Photographer: Smith Collection/Gado via Getty Images The report gathers and synthesizes companies’ and trade groups’ activities since the election, offering a glimpse of trends in lobbying we may see under the new administration. It includes a cheat sheet of the timeline for key Obama energy-and-climate rules—and the options the Trump administration may have to push back or remove them. Influence Map points to ties between some administration players and trade groups. The most senior, and obvious, example may be the nomination of retired ExxonMobil Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rex Tillerson as secretary of state. Tillerson has sat on the board of the American Petroleum Institute, the broadest oil-and-gas industry association. The report also flags the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), which in mid-December issued a statement describing “the sheer number of ALEC alumni in the new administration” and its position in influencing policy discussions. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter At the same time, many large companies are investing billions of dollars in clean technologies, from Google’s leadership in renewable-energy purchasing, to ALEC- and Chamber-member UPS’s green logistics, to NAM-member Toyota Motor Corp’s commitment to science-driven climate targets, which more than 200 companies have embraced. About 530 companies have called on the Trump administration to support low-carbon policies.  Influence Map receives funding from groups that include the Climate Change Collaboration, the Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust, and Tellus Mater. The 13-page report is short on the details lacking in almost every other assessment of the Trump administration: What, exactly, will happen next? Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS January 11, 2017 | 9:09 AM After scandal, Phoenix VA still troubled by long waits for medical care January 11, 2017 | 9:09 AM Home » Bad News » After scandal, Phoenix VA still troubled by long waits for medical care Bad News January 11, 2017 Almost three years after long waits for medical appointments for veterans exploded into a nationwide scandal, the Phoenix VA hospital at the center of the crisis still is not providing timely care, a watchdog group documented this week. Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner, whose office represents whistleblowers and investigates their claims, wrote in a letter to President Barack Obama that two independent reviews have confirmed many allegations brought by a doctor at the Phoenix facility. One review, by the inspector general for the Department of Veterans Affairs, said a veteran with heart trouble died last year while waiting for cardiology tests that could have saved him. Investigators also found that on a given day, 1,100 veterans in Phoenix have a longer-than-30-day wait to see a doctor. And during the period reviewed by investigators, 215 veterans died while waiting to see a specialist. “In case after case since 2014, Phoenix VA whistleblowers have exposed and helped to correct serious problems with veterans’ care,” Lerner said in a statement. She thanked the whistleblower, Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez, chief of specialty care clinics in Phoenix, for his “courage” in coming forward. The findings are likely to present challenges for President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration, which has made improving care for veterans a priority. Continuing delays in care could bolster the case of agency critics, who say the government alone cannot meet the medical needs of all veterans, who should be able to turn to private doctors when they want. Trump has not yet named a secretary to replace Robert McDonald, a former Procter & Gamble chief executive brought in by President Obama in 2014 after the wait-times scandal forced out retired Army general Eric Shinseki. “Although [Veterans Health Administration] has made efforts to improve the care provided at [the Phoenix hospital], these issues remain,” Larry Reinkemeyer, assistant inspector general for audits and evaluations, wrote in its review of Rodriguez’s claims. While some of the claims were not substantiated, investigators for the inspector general and VA’s Office of Medical Inspector corroborated others. A VA spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment. Among the problems investigators found: A veteran who died of cardiovascular disease did not receive a cardiology exam his VA physician ordered. The agency determined that had he received the exam when he should have, further testing and interventions could have prevented his death. During a week in October 2015, nearly 3,900 medical appointments in Phoenix were canceled. Of those, 59 should have been rescheduled and were not. Of those 59 patients, 12 may have experienced harm that could have been prevented without the delay in care. On an average day, the Phoenix VA has 1,100 patients waiting longer than 30 days for appointments. Patients needing to see a psychotherapist wait an average of 75 days. Out of a sample of 215 veterans with 295 consults who died while waiting for care, 62 of their consults (21 percent) were delayed. The delayed consults did not contribute to their deaths, the inspector general’s office concluded. In one case, a veteran “waited in excess of 300 days for vascular care” following a consult request from another doctor. Out of a sample of 30 inappropriately canceled chiropractic consults, 28 veterans did not receive the appointment they requested. McDonald has said that on his watch, the agency has added thousands of appointments throughout the system, and that continuing problems like those in reported in Phoenix are isolated. When the scandal broke in 2014, senior managers there and at other VA facilities were found to have instructed their staffs to deliberately cover up long waits for appointments. The reviews released Monday did not find intentional mistakes, but rather, bureaucratic confusion: “Staff were generally unclear about specific consult management procedures, and services varied in their procedures and consult management responsibilities,” the inspector general’s office wrote. The reviews released Monday did not directly address Rodriguez, who said in an email that VA is now retaliating against him and threatening to fire him by falsely accusing him of discrimination in hiring. He said he has not been the deciding official in any hiring decisions. “This is straight out of the VA playbook on how to deal with whistleblowers,” Rodriguez wrote. “This is a gross injustice and a gross violation of my civil rights.” Sen. Charles E. Grassley, R-Iowa, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, praised Rodriguez. “Sometimes whistleblowers expose matters of life and death, other times they expose harm against the taxpayers, and sometimes they expose all of the above,” he wrote in a release. “Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez of the Phoenix VA deserves praise and gratitude for coming forward about problems that cover all of the above.” Featured Image: (c) 2017, The Washington Post · Joe #breaking now 54 years later, you still have to pay to use Martin Luther King Jr.’s famous ‘I Have a Dream’ speech It’s one of the most famous speeches in American history, one you never forget if you ever heard it.… 0 Comments 51774 Views CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says The outgoing CIA director called Donald Trump’s comments about the U.S. intelligence community “outrageous” and suggested the president-elect’s attitude… 0 Comments 143286 Views Celebrities and N.Y. Mayor Bill de Blasio plan to protest Trump day before inauguration Not all the A-listers who stumped for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will be hiding under their 3,000-thread-count sheets… 0 Comments 39235 Views Democrats protest across the country to save and expand Obamacare Democrats and labor organizers spent Sunday at dozens of rallies across the country, pledging to fight in Congress against… 0 Comments 35397 Views Security grid for inauguration means thousands of police, street closures WASHINGTON – The first visible signs of security measures for Friday’s presidential inauguration soon will be evident – parking… 0 Comments 39999 Views Sen. Rand Paul drafting health-care measure to replace Obamacare Republican Sen. Rand Paul said he’s drafting legislation for a health-care insurance plan that could replace Obamacare, including a… 0 Comments 50980 Views D.C. Guard general’s exit is disputed WASHINGTON – The transition team for President-elect Donald Trump asked the head of the District of Columbia National Guard… 0 Comments 57329 Views Sharpton’s march calls for unity to face Trump WASHINGTON – In a steady light rain, thousands of demonstrators marched Saturday from the Washington Monument to the Martin… 0 Comments 48169 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 165,608 followers #trending WATCH: Domestic Abuse Suspect Gets Fatally Shot By Fort Collins Police comments 645042 Views BREAKING: Numerous Reports Of Explosions In Marseille, France comments 621821 Views WATCH: Dashcam Captures Fatal Crash After High Speed Police Chase comments 488657 Views Obama’s dog Sunny bites White House visitor in the face comments 360923 Views WATCH: Bodycam Footage Of Naked Woman Stealing Police Truck comments 276363 Views Meet the biker hosting the biggest pro-Trump demonstration at the inauguration comments 220810 Views Jeb Bush may have won something in the election after all: the U.S. Department of Education comments 206216 Views Zoe Saldana: Trump Won Because Hollywood Became Cocky And Arrogant Bullies comments 198097 Views Boots recalled because their tread leaves swastika imprints comments 172143 Views CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says comments 143256 Views WATCH: Doctoral student violently detained after 911 caller says he stole his own car comments 133023 Views Ferguson Painting To Be Removed From Capitol, Says GOP Lawmaker comments 109734 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Amex, Coca-Cola, NVIDIA, Procter & Gamble, Texas Instruments, Transocean and More By Jon C. Ogg January 9, 2017 8:40 am EST Print Email Tweet Stocks came within cents of hitting Dow 20,000 on Friday but failed to cinch the formal 20K print. Futures were indicated marginally lower on Monday after a lack of overseas follow-through. With the enthusiasm of the post-election rally continuing, investors are looking for deeper value and growth opportunities in 2017. Investors are still willing to buy pullbacks, even with the bull market almost eight years old. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst reports each day of the week to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some of these analyst research reports cover stocks to buy, while other calls cover stocks to sell or avoid. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Monday, January 9, 2017: Merrill Lynch raised American Express Co. (NYSE: AXP) to Buy from Neutral and the price objective was raised to $90 from $78 (versus a $75.47 prior close) as well. The stock has a consensus analyst target price of $75.96 and a 52-week trading range of $50.27 to $76.55. Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) was started as Equal Weight with a $42 price target (versus a $41.74 close) at Barclays. Unfortunately for shareholders, it was also downgraded to Sell from Neutral with a $39 price target at Goldman Sachs. The consensus analyst target is $45.54, and the 52-week range is $39.88 to $47.13. Jefferies reiterated NVIDIA Corp. (NASDAQ: NVDA) as Buy and the price target was raised to $125 from $110 (versus a $103.10 close). The focus on the self-driving car competition is that it will be good for the company. What stands out about NVIDIA’s consensus price target of $97 or so is that the target keeps getting raised, but a recent short seller report from Citron Research has weighed on shares. From an already cautious Neutral rating, Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) was downgraded to Sell by Goldman Sachs, which also cut its price target to $77 from $86 (versus an $85.03 close). The consensus target price is $90.72. The 52-week range is $74.46 to $90.33. Not only was Texas Instruments Inc. (NASDAQ: TXN) was raised to Outperform from Neutral, but the price target was raised to $95 from $77 at Credit Suisse. The firm’s view is that estimates look overly conservative and that it is a top semiconductor pick. Transocean Ltd. (NYSE: RIG) was downgraded to Underperform from Buy with a $16 price objective (versus a $15.77 close) at Merrill Lynch. The consensus target price is $11.68, and the 52-week range is $7.67 to $16.66. Other key analyst calls included the following: Baidu Inc. (NASDAQ: BIDU) was raised to Neutral from Underweight and the price target was raised to $190 from $159 (versus a $176.38 close) at JPMorgan. Brooks Automation Inc. (NASDAQ: BRKS) was raised to Neutral from Underperform and the price target was raised to $17 from $13 at Credit Suisse. Eaton Corp. (NYSE: ETN) was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $78 price objective (versus a $68.01 close) at Merrill Lynch. Emerson Electric Co. (NYSE: EMR) was raised to Neutral from Underperform with a $60 price objective (versus a $56.40 close) at Merrill Lynch. ENSCO International PLC (NYSE: ESV) was raised to Buy from Neutral and the price objective was raised to $14 from $8 (versus an $11.68 close) at Merrill Lynch. Helmerich & Payne Inc. (NYSE: HP) was raised to Buy from Hold and the price target was set at $92 (versus an $81.07 close) at Argus. This would imply a return of close to 20% if its dividend is included. ITT Corp. (NYSE: ITT) was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $50 price objective (versus a $40.57 close) at Merrill Lynch. JD.com Inc. (NASDAQ: JD) was raised to Overweight from Neutral and the price target was set at $39 (versus a $26.27 close) at JPMorgan. PepsiCo Inc. (NYSE: PEP) was started as Equal Weight with a $102 price target (versus a $104.56 close) at Barclays. It has a $116.74 consensus price target and a 52-week range of $93.25 to $110.94. Rockwell Automation Inc. (NYSE: ROK) was raised to Neutral from Underperform with a $143 price objective (versus a $138.50 close) at Merrill Lynch. Rudolph Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: RTEC) was downgraded to Neutral from Outperform but the price target was raised to $24 from $19 at Credit Suisse. The downgrade of the formal rating was based on relative valuations. SunTrust Banks Inc. (NYSE: STI) was already rated as Buy at Goldman Sachs, but the firm added the shares to its prized Conviction Buy list and raised its price target to $67 from $54 (versus a $55.53 close). Synchrony Financial (NYSE: SYF) was reiterated as Buy and the price target was raised to $45 from $43 (versus a $36.91 close) at Jefferies. You can follow @Jonogg on Twitter if you would like the daily analyst calls directly on your own feed. Friday’s top analyst upgrades and downgrades were in Cognizant Tech, Etsy, GoPro, Illumina, Shake Shack, Travelers and many more. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « GM Rental Fleet Sales Double in December Dogs of the Dow Could Be a Huge Winner Again in 2017 » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, American Express (NYSE:AXP), Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU), Emerson Electric Co. (NYSE:EMR), Ensco (NYSE:ESV), Eaton Corp (NYSE:ETN), Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (NYSE:HP), ITT (NYSE:ITT), JD, Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Transocean, Inc. (NYSE:RIG), Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK), SunTrust Banks, Inc. (NYSE:STI), SYF, Texas Instruments, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXN) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it PowerPost Follow @powerpost Get The Daily 202 Newsletter Subscribe Follow Stories After scandal, Phoenix VA still troubled by long waits for medical care, investigators say The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Lisa Rein January 11 Follow @Reinlwapo The Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Phoenix. (Christian Petersen/Getty Images) Almost three years after long waits for medical appointments for veterans exploded into a nationwide scandal, the Phoenix VA hospital at the center of the crisis still is not providing timely care, a watchdog group documented Monday. Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner, whose office represents whistleblowers and investigates their claims, wrote in a letter to President Obama that two independent reviews have confirmed many allegations brought by a doctor at the Phoenix facility. One review, by the inspector general for the Department of Veterans Affairs, said a veteran with heart trouble died last year while waiting for cardiology tests that could have saved him. Investigators also found that on a given day, 1,100 veterans in Phoenix have a longer-than-30-day wait to see a doctor. And during the period reviewed by investigators, 215 veterans died while waiting to see a specialist. “In case after case since 2014, Phoenix VA whistleblowers have exposed and helped to correct serious problems with veterans’ care,” Lerner said in a statement. She thanked the whistleblower, Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez, chief of specialty care clinics in Phoenix, for his “courage” in coming forward. The findings are likely to present challenges for President-elect Donald Trump’s incoming administration, which has made improving care for veterans a priority. Continuing delays in care could bolster the case of agency critics, who say the government alone cannot meet the medical needs of all veterans, who should be able to turn to private doctors when they want. Trump has not yet named a secretary to replace Robert McDonald, a former Procter & Gamble chief executive brought in by President Obama in 2014 after the wait-times scandal forced out retired Army general Eric Shinseki. “Although [Veterans Health Administration] has made efforts to improve the care provided at [the Phoenix hospital], these issues remain,” Larry Reinkemeyer, assistant inspector general for audits and evaluations, wrote in its review of Rodriguez’s claims. While some of the claims were not substantiated, investigators for the inspector general and VA’s Office of Medical Inspector corroborated others. A VA spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment. Among the problems investigators found: A veteran who died of cardiovascular disease did not receive a cardiology exam his VA physician ordered. The agency determined that had he received the exam when he should have, further testing and interventions could have prevented his death. During a week in October 2015, nearly 3,900 medical appointments in Phoenix were canceled. Of those, 59 should have been rescheduled and were not. Of those 59 patients, 12 may have experienced harm that could have been prevented without the delay in care. On an average day, the Phoenix VA has 1,100 patients waiting longer than 30 days for appointments. Patients needing to see a psychotherapist wait an average of 75 days. Out of a sample of 215 veterans with 295 consults who died while waiting for care, 62 of their consults (21 percent) were delayed. The delayed consults did not contribute to their deaths, the inspector general’s office concluded. In one case, a veteran “waited in excess of 300 days for vascular care” following a consult request from another doctor. Out of a sample of 30 inappropriately canceled chiropractic consults, 28 veterans did not receive the appointment they requested. McDonald has said that on his watch, the agency has added thousands of appointments throughout the system, and that continuing problems like those in reported in Phoenix are isolated. When the scandal broke in 2014, senior managers there and at other VA facilities were found to have instructed their staffs to deliberately cover up long waits for appointments. The reviews released Monday did not find intentional mistakes, but rather, bureaucratic confusion: “Staff were generally unclear about specific consult management procedures, and services varied in their procedures and consult management responsibilities,” the inspector general’s office wrote. The reviews released Monday did not directly address Rodriguez, who said in an email that VA is now retaliating against him and threatening to fire him by falsely accusing him of discrimination in hiring. He said he has not been the deciding official in any hiring decisions. “This is straight out of the VA playbook on how to deal with whistleblowers,” Rodriguez wrote. “This is a gross injustice and a gross violation of my civil rights.” Sen. Charles E. Grassley, (R-Iowa) chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, praised Rodriguez. “Sometimes whistleblowers expose matters of life and death, other times they expose harm against the taxpayers, and sometimes they expose all of the above,” he wrote in a release. “Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez of the Phoenix VA deserves praise and gratitude for coming forward about problems that cover all of the above.” powerpost powerpost false endOfArticle true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Lisa Rein covers the federal workforce and issues that concern the management of government. Follow @Reinlwapo 16 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship 2 With days left in office, President Obama ushers in dozens of policies. But will they stay seated? 3 Rep. John Lewis’s books sell out following Donald Trump’s attacks 4 News conferences could be moved from White House, Priebus says 5 The Donald Trump press conference you didn’t see powerpost powerpost Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai 61 businesses Trump has targeted on Twitter Ethan Wolff-Mann Yahoo FinanceJanuary 10, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Since the election, Donald Trump has used his Twitter (TWTR) account to lash out at numerous companies, sending the business world into a state of constant anxiety, wondering who is next. With over 19.2 million followers on the social media platform, the president-elect can easily dispatch a public relations nightmare for the company of his choosing. Even the threat of another Trump tweet has led companies like Ford (F) to preemptively employ a clever PR strategy that made it appear that it was capitulating to Trump’s Twitter demands last year by canceling an announced Mexican project and investing in Michigan. (In reality, the canceled Mexican plant’s production simply moved to another plant within the country.) The auto industry has been a particular bete noire for Trump recently – he’s also included GM in his attacks, threatening to punish the carmaker for building one of its cars, the Chevy Cruze, in Mexico. While Trump may currently be on a rampage against automakers who aren’t making cars on US soil, these are hardly the first times he’s taken shots at businesses in his eight years on Twitter. Poring through his 34,300 tweets with the help of a custom computer program as well as Factba.se, a research tool that has catalogued and analyzed transcripts, tweets, and more, Yahoo Finance has identified 61 companies or brands Trump has bashed. Targets range from Silicon Valley giants to media brands that have reported on his activities to rival golf courses. Often, as has been the case with T-Mobile, he has devoted numerous tweets against companies and their CEOs. Notably, with T-Mobile, he said he didn’t want the company’s cellphone service to work in his buildings. Trump, who is a fan of Samsung phones, hectored Apple and CEO Tim Cook over the small size of the iPhone many times over the years. Given the strong current of tweets flowing from @realDonaldTrump, it seems likely the list of companies and business CEOs the president-elect has criticized will grow—and it will be updated accordingly. Here are the 61 and sample tweets. Amazon “The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.” —@RealDonaldTrump The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 7, 2015 American Airlines “The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.” —@realDonaldTrump Amtrak Retweeted: “”@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains & better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!” AOL (Verizon) “What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!” —@realDonaldTrump Apple “I predicted Apple’s stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock” —@realDonaldTrump I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2014 Bandon Dunes Golf Resort (Oregon) “Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!” —@realDonaldTrump BBC “@LeapfrogMark BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland–a one sided piece of garbage!” —@realDonaldTrump Michael Bloomberg “If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn’t get 10% of the vote – they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary” —@realDonaldTrump Boeing “Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!” —@realDonaldTrump Carrier Tweeted a link of an article in which he criticizes Carrier and Ford for shipping jobs to Mexico. Charter Communications (Time Warner) Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I’m going to switch.” —@realDonaldTrump Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 18, 2012 Chrysler (Fiat Chrysler) “Don’t believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)–see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China–and I’ll be watching!” —@realDonaldTrump CNBC (NBC/Comcast) .@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?” —@realDonaldTrump CNN (Time Warner) “.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.” —@realDonaldTrump Coca-Cola “The Coca Cola company is not happy with me–that’s okay, I’ll still keep drinking that garbage.” —@realDonaldTrump The Coca Cola company is not happy with me–that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2012 Daily Beast (IAC/InterActiveCorp) “Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!” —@realDonaldTrump Disney Retweet: “@Biracial_Chick: Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor. http://bit.ly/1LHOhxD” Elliott Management (Hedge fund led by Paul Singer) “Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer’s, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can’t win” —@realDonaldTrump ESPN (Disney) “.@ESPN’s apology (Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting— stop being so politically correct!” —@realDonaldTrump Facebook “Seems hard to believe that @Facebook could be worth that much–be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg–get a pre-nup.” —@realDonaldTrump Forbes “Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC” —@realDonaldTrump Ford ““@Sebastian_Rey10: “@CNBC: Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investment @realDonaldTrump in MEXICO!!!!” The U.S. is getting killed!” —@realDonaldTrump Fox News (News Corp) “Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews – totally biased and disgusting reporting.” —@realDonaldTrump Glenfiddich (William Grant & Sons) “We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.” —@realDonaldTrump We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 5, 2012 GM “General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!” —@realDonaldTrump Goldman Sachs “Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!” —@realDonaldTrump Google “Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!” —@realDonaldTrump H&R Block Retweet: “@Sattendoll: @realDonaldTrump – I do not understand how are they still in business.” “H & R Block is terrible!” —@realDonaldTrump HP (Carly Fiorina, former CEO) “Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.” —@realDonaldTrump Huffington Post (Verizon) “It’s driving @ariannahuff & the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!” —@realDonaldTrump JP Morgan “If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing them—easy target.” —@realDonaldTrump Koch Industries “While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida” —@realDonaldTrump Lockheed Martin “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” —@realDonaldTrump Macy’s “Good news, disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don’t shop there for Christmas!” —@realDonaldTrump Microsoft (Bill Gates) “Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!” —@realDonaldTrump Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2013 MLB “Can’t believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He’s paid the price. So ridiculous – let him in!” —@realDonaldTrump Mylan Retweet: “@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner http://dailycaller.com/2016/08/24/company-gouging-price-of-epipens-is-a-clinton-foundation-donor-and-partner/ … via dailycaller” National Review “Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. http://theweek.com/articles/451963/national- … review-doomed” —@realDonaldTrump New York Daily News “There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink – a total loser!” —@realDonaldTrump  New York Magazine “@NYMag I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York “Ragazine”-SAVE YOUR MONEY!” —@realDonaldTrump @NYMag I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York "Ragazine"-SAVE YOUR MONEY! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 20, 2013 New York Post “Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.” —@realDonaldTrump New York Times “The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.” —@realDonaldTrump NFL “I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence & defamation. They will drop the case against him–and he will win.” —@realDonaldTrump Politico “Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews” —@realDonaldTrump Procter & Gamble “Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia–what are we doing?!” —@realDonaldTrump Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia–what are we doing?! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2012 Residential Capital “Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt – but that doesn’t mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!” —@realDonaldTrump Rexnord “Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!” —@realDonaldTrump Rolling Stone Magazine “@jrmarsy Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!” —@realDonaldTrump S&P Global “The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio… (cont) http://deck.ly/~PgL6v” —@realDonaldTrump Sony “No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.” —@realDonaldTrump T-Mobile “.@JohnLegere @TMobile John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.” —@realDonaldTrump .@JohnLegere @TMobile John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2015 Time “Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!” —@realDonaldTrump Toyota “Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.” —@realDonaldTrump Twitter “Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!” —@realDonaldTrump Univision “Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!” —@realDonaldTrump USA Today (Gannett) “Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo–must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) http://tl.gd/hn7gjp” —@realDonaldTrump Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo–must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) http://t.co/aNt78s4h — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2012 Vanity Fair (Conde Nast) “Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent–2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) http://tl.gd/fq2g19 ” —@realDonaldTrump Vattenfall “Who would be stupid enough to invest in @VattenfallGroup’s ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25M yearly?” —@realDonaldTrump Verizon “What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!” —@realDonaldTrump Wall Street Journal (News Corp) “.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!” —@realDonaldTrump .@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2016 Washington Post “The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.” —@realDonaldTrump Weekly Standard “.@BillKristol Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!” —@realDonaldTrump Ethan Wolff-Mann is a writer at Yahoo Finance focusing on consumer issues, tech, and personal finance. Follow him on Twitter @ewolffmann. Read more: Bipartisan Committee: Killing Obamacare would cost $350 billion Here’s who Donald Trump follows on Twitter — and who he has unfollowed Robots will kill jobs and make inequality worse Craftsman’s famous lifetime warranty in question after $900 million sale Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 338 messages6%75%19% Everything you need for your home DIRECTVSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 78 messages8%56%36% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 154 messages5%63%32% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 18 messages9%62%29% Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1627 messages6%57%37% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1379 messages7%67%26% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 336 messages6%68%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 3 messages0%67%33% Avoid The Gym At All Costs , Just Drink This thebenefitsofapplecidervinegarSponsored ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1515 messages6%68%26% Eight men own half the world's wealth: Oxfam 753 messages4%69%27% Amid Controversy Caitlyn Jenner Gets a 24-Karat-Gold Facial Ahead of Inauguration Eddy: Catlin strongly resembles that Olympian Bruce Jenner! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker S&P ends flat as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New York, Jan 10:   The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. The Dow’s 20,000 milestone remained elusive as it was weighed down by declines in IBM, Merck & Co, Exxon Mobil and Procter & Gamble. Trump's inauguration Traders were holding fire ahead of the upcoming corporate earnings season and the January 20 inauguration after which they expect a better sense as to whether President-elect Donald Trump will fulfill campaign promises of fiscal stimulus, lower tax and lighter regulation. “Investors are now waiting for the inauguration and the first 100-day agenda,” said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at brokerage Convergex in New York. “They just want a little more information about what the new administration is planning before the Dow takes the plunge over 20,000. There’s alot of high expectations about what happens after January 20.” The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 31.85 points, or 0.16 per cent, at 19,855.53, the S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite added 20.00 points, or 0.36 per cent, to 5,551.82. The S&P Energy sector ended down 0.95 per cent as oil futures fell 2 per cent on doubts about output cuts. Following a 9 per cent jump in the S&P since November 4, investors will also monitor earnings season, which starts this week, to assess if the record levels are justified. “We’ve shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering await-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door,’’ said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York. “Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher.” S&P 500 companies are set to post their strongest quarterly growth in three years, with earnings estimated to have risen 5.8 per cent in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by financials, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P financial sector, which has risen 17.4 per cent since the election, closed up 0.4 per cent. Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan - scheduled to report results on Friday - were its biggest drivers on Tuesday with 1.7 per cent, 0.7 per cent and 0.3 per cent rises, respectively. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher. S&P Healthcare stocks gained 0.33 per cent and the Nasdaq biotech index ended 0.8 per cent higher, both enjoying their sixth session of gains in a row. Illumina surged 16.6 per cent to $165.04 after the diagnostics company gave a strong quarterly forecast and launched a new product. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.90-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 18 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (This article was published on January 11, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Markets Live: Sensex ends higher by 241 points; Coal India, Tata Steel stocks rally Sensex ends higher by 241 points; Coal India, Tata Steel stocks rally TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex ends marginally lower; IT, TECk stocks slump More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks BoFA-ML pegs Sensex target at 29,000 for 2017 Also estimates a double-digit growth rate at 12-14 per cent for earnings in the next fiscal. » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. Posted 10 Jan 2017 21:10 Updated 11 Jan 2017 08:30 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. The Dow's 20,000 milestone remained elusive as it was weighed down by declines in IBM , Merck & Co , Exxon Mobil and Procter & Gamble . Traders were holding fire ahead of the upcoming corporate earnings season and the Jan. 20 inauguration after which they expect a better sense as to whether President-elect Donald Trump will fulfill campaign promises of fiscal stimulus, lower tax and lighter regulation. "Investors are now waiting for the inauguration and the first 100-day agenda," said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at brokerage Convergex in New York. "They just want a little more information about what the new administration is planning before the Dow takes the plunge over 20,000. There's a lot of high expectations about what happens after January 20." The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 31.85 points, or 0.16 percent, at 19,855.53, the S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite added 20.00 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,551.82. The S&P Energy sector ended down 0.95 percent as oil futures fell 2 percent on doubts about output cuts. Following a 9 percent jump in the S&P since Nov. 4, investors will also monitor earnings season, which starts this week, to assess if the record levels are justified. "We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York. "Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher." S&P 500 companies are set to post their strongest quarterly growth in three years, with earnings estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by financials, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P financial sector , which has risen 17.4 percent since the election, closed up 0.4 percent. Bank of America , Wells Fargo and JPMorgan - scheduled to report results on Friday - were its biggest drivers on Tuesday with 1.7 percent, 0.7 percent and 0.3 percent rises respectively. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher. S&P Healthcare stocks gained 0.33 percent and the Nasdaq biotech index ended 0.8 percent higher, both enjoying their sixth session of gains in a row. Illumina surged 16.6 percent to US$165.04 after the diagnostics company gave a strong quarterly forecast and launched a new product. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.90-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 18 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Caroline Valetkevitch in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Eco Business Logo Log in / Sign up Subscribe to our email newsletters Follow us News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand All regions Menu Close Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags About About Us Our Team Contributors Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Contact Us Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Show all regions Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Home Opinion CSR Previous Next Why it pays to find your company's global purpose When companies embrace a higher social or environmental purpose, it is not only good for the planet, it may be an essential business strategy for the modern organization. A family of farmers harvests crops in Jaipur, India. Companies like Unilever and Nestle have invested heavily in improving the livelihoods of the smallholder farmers they buy crops from, which in turn delivers benefits such as a more resilient supply chain. Image: Shutterstock By Laura Allen and Paula Miquelis and Zach Mercurio Wednesday 11 January 2017 Share this story Every company’s supply chain ends with a human being’s life. And the people who need a company’s services, use its products, or are on its payroll rely on one planet. And here is something most can agree on: Our planet is suffering. The list of societal and environmental problems seems endless. Hunger, poverty, inequality, war, water scarcity, climate change, and so on. Within these wicked problems may lie a company’s most compelling and profitable driver: A global purpose to save the world. The world’s companies will play a vital role in solving these complex human problems. Businesses have the collective ability to reach billions of people and exert tremendous spending power. This power positions them to be key players in restoring our planet. Embracing this higher purpose is not only good for the planet, it may be an essential business strategy for the modern organization. President & CEO of Novo Nordisk, Lars Rebien Sørensen, warns, “In the long term, social and environmental issues become financial issues.” Embracing a long-view and awakening a compelling global purpose now may sustain the life of the business itself. What is purpose? Purpose has become the latest business buzzword. So it is important to be clear on its enduring and powerful definition. Quite simply, purpose is “…the reason for which something exists.” Your company’s purpose is not a mission statement, a tactic, or a goal. It is quite literally a company’s guiding reason for existence on the planet. The company’s job is to justify that reason every day. A reason for existence doesn’t fade with time or change with market conditions. Purpose taps into people’s psychological desire to make the world better and to do good. Purpose permeates every behavior and thought in a company. And a good purpose is a reason worth committing to that inspires service to the greater good. A company’s purpose has to be more important than the company itself. And when companies embrace a guiding global purpose that seeks to better the world beyond their financial returns, success follows. Why? Because a global purpose drives the people who drive the profit. Why a global purpose drives profit Having a global purpose is good business. In Built to Last, Jim Collins found that companies with a higher purpose outperform the market by an average of six-to-one. Those companies also experienced growth rates three times that of their competitors. The economic power of a higher purpose can be found when studying a company like Unilever. Unilever’s brands with a clear and communicated societal purpose - like Comfort, Dove, and Ben & Jerry’s - are growing faster than the rest of the portfolio. Unilever CEO Paul Polman said, “Our sustainable living brands are growing 30 per cent faster than the rest of our business and delivered nearly half our total growth in 2015, our latest figures show.” Former Procter & Gamble Marketing Director Jim Stengel found similar results in his study on the relationship between a higher purpose and market growth. Stengel’s research demonstrated that purpose-driven brands perform ten times better than others in similar categories and grow at significantly faster rates than the overall market. Why all this profit and growth? Ultimately it comes down to human psychology. A global purpose drives the people who drive your business From a social science perspective, the effect of purpose on both employees and customers is not surprising. When people see their work as serving the greater good they are more likely to be engaged, committed, and productive. A sense of global purpose has been found to be one of the most powerful psychological motivators for both employees and customers. Ultimately, people want to believe in something that’s bigger than themselves. People and organizations who believe in and prove their reason for existence inspire more loyal people to join their movements and invest in their products. In numerous studies, like those published by the firm Imperative, a sense of purpose is ranked as the most significant factor in job satisfaction and quadruples the likelihood of being engaged at work. And by 2025 nearly 70 per cent of consumers and employees will identify with the Millennial generation. A recent survey by Deloitte found that an overwhelming 75 per cent of Millennials indicated that they were more likely to do business with or work for a company that exists to better society. And customers want to be a part of changing the world, too. People are psychologically drawn to products and services that align with their beliefs about the way the world should and can be. Simon Sinek, in his 2009 viral Ted Talk implored, “People don’t buy what you do. They buy why you do it.” He is proving to be right. Case Study: A luxury fragrance company that empowers farmers in emerging countries Serge Majoullier, Perfumer and David Morenon, Deputy Purchasing Manager in Nepal. Image: Gone Adventurin’ & MANE. MANE Flavor and Fragrance Manufacturer offers an inspiring case of how a global purpose can transform a business. MANE is one of the world’s leading flavors and fragrances companies and produces flavors, fragrances, and ingredients for beverages, biscuits, confectionery, dairy products, and savory food applications. What does it mean for a flavor and fragrances manufacturer to drive profit through a global purpose? For MANE it means creating sustainable sourcing in its markets in emerging countries. MANE realized that 70 per cent of worldwide raw materials are produced by smallholder farmers, yet millions of those farmers remain impoverished. Poverty among smallholder farmers is one of the most pressing social issues in developing countries and when these farmers are not empowered, they cannot grow enough high quality raw materials. Additionally, MANE’s clients have started to put pressure on the company to create transparent value chains. Poverty among smallholder farmers constitutes one of the world’s most pressing social issues. Now it’s at the core of MANE’s purpose too. In 2015, MANE created sustainable sourcing initiatives in Nepal to develop a market of a new species of pepper called Timur. The challenge was to partner with grassroots and local NGOs to empower farmers on the ground through workshops and trainings to grow better quality raw materials. The ultimate goal was to help remote pepper farmers secure a more sustainable living. Beyond simply having a business goal, MANE decided to immerse its employees in this global purpose and use storytelling to involve its stakeholders in this global purpose. The results were transformational. Not only did the project create an entire market for the Timur product and help the economy of Nepal to grow, MANE won the first communications price at the World Perfumery Congress garnering hundreds of thousands dollars worth of free public relations promotion. Watch MANE’s inspiring sustainable sourcing initiatives here. MANE proves that filling a societal need and profit are not mutually exclusive. In fact, purpose can drive profit. “ People are psychologically drawn to products and services that align with their beliefs about the way the world should and can be. 3 ways to discover and enact your company’s global purpose In our fast-paced and results-oriented marketplace, many company leaders simply don’t think they have the time or resources to invest in purpose - or they don’t conceptualize their industry as particularly “world-saving.” But every company does and can have a compelling global reason for existence. The key for leaders is to begin discovering this purpose, strategizing around it, and then telling the story to its stakeholders. Here are three powerful ways to start now: 1. Identify your company’s problem. What is the world problem that your company exists to solve? This problem can become your purpose. A great place to start is by reading the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) report and and facilitating discussion in your organization around the 17 identified key topics below. Not only do the SDGs provide a great framework for finding a compelling global purpose but they are also a great and credible way to communicate about it. They aim to inspire business leaders to think deeper into the many issues that plague the world; from hunger to gender inequality. “The seventeen Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are our shared vision of humanity and a social contract between the world’s leaders and the people. They are a to-do list for people and planet, and a blueprint for success.” said Ban Ki-moon, the former UN Secretary-General. 2. Authentically communicate your global purpose. Human beings rely on stories to make sense of our world and so do your customers and employees. Telling the story of how your company helps to deliver your global purpose can generate stakeholders’ emotional commitment to your company and brand. Below are a few tips to start: Show the people who make your products and where they make them Take stakeholders and employees on journeys to see the origins of your materials Have customers themselves tell stories about how your company is changing the world Consistently strategize: Which of our products or services can make the world a better place; and how is that a business opportunity? The Lipton tea brand offers a powerful example of engaging stakeholders in their purpose. Lipton decided to intentionally strategize about what they wanted their consumers thinking about when they drank their morning tea. Lipton wanted them to feel that their tea was more than tea - it was serving the world. By telling the story of the tea farmers working in beautiful sustainable plantations and connecting them to the partnership of Lipton with one of the most impactful forest NGOs, Rainforest Alliance, Lipton gives consumers a world-changing purpose. Learn more about Lipton’s global purpose here. 3. Start seeing social and environmental issues as business opportunities. Just as the MANE company example shows us, global needs can also be business opportunities. For example, let’s imagine you are a leader making equipment for optometrists and surgeons, as well as contact lenses. Your bigger purpose is to eradicate avoidable blindness because you know there are opportunities. Four billion people in the world need glasses but only 2.5 billion of people have glasses, so you can tap into a massive market of 1.5 billion people Another example comes from the food industry and answers the question: What is the future of food? For Caleb Harper, director of the Open Agriculture Initiative at (MIT), the future of food is not a disaster as many pundits would have us believe, it’s a business opportunity - especially for tech companies. Caleb wants to change the food system by connecting growers with technology. Caleb said, “With the right tech, urban agriculture could turn basements, warehouses, walls and skyscrapers into farms.” Re-framing critical issues or “problems” as opportunities can be powerful. Your company’s purpose is already out there in the world. Identifying it and building your company around it pays. What is your cause? Why does your company exist? How can tackling social and environmental issues grow your business - and save the world? Lauren Allen is founder, Gone Adventurin, a social enterprise - based in Singapore and operating across Asia - that helps companies to grow through social and environmental impact. Paula Miquelis is senior projects manager, Gone Adventurin. Zach Mercurio is a consultant, speaker, and educator who builds purposeful organizations and empowers purposeful people to better our world. This post is republished from Huffington Post with permission.  Share this story Topics CSR Regions Global Tags consumer products research Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Most popular Policy & Finance Sustainalytics pulls out of Singapore Sustainalytics pulls out of Singapore Energy Barack Obama: Clean energy is here to stay Barack Obama: Clean energy is here to stay Carbon & Climate Women bear the brunt of climate-forced migration Women bear the brunt of climate-forced migration View all news Industry Spotlight Lifestyle Pineapples: Tasty fruit, effective cleaning agent? Pineapples: Tasty fruit, effective cleaning agent? CSR GRI launches new global standards to help companies report on sustainability GRI launches new global standards to help companies report on sustainability Green Buildings Sustainability in Shanghai Tower Sustainability in Shanghai Tower View all Feature Series Autodesk – Designing the Future Tapping the sun for safer healthcare Tapping the sun for safer healthcare Sustainability Leaders Series We need to engage business 'like never before', says new UNEP head We need to engage business 'like never before', says new UNEP head Year in Review 2016 The top 5 water stories in 2016 The top 5 water stories in 2016 View all Featured Events jan 17 Australia The 20th Women in Leadership Summit 2017 jan 18 Switzerland COP22 Digest: Get ready for the post-Paris world amidst a Trump presidency jan 22 Saudi Arabia Waste Management & Recycling Expo feb 8 United States of America EUEC 2017 feb 21 United Kingdom Energy from Waste feb 22 Australia Australian Waste to Energy Forum 2017 jul 11 United States of America Intersolar North America 2017 Add an Event View all Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters The best Eco-Business stories, jobs and events delivered to your inbox – daily or weekly. Subscribe Get our weekly newsletter Follow us on facebook Read our stories and particpate in the Eco-Business facebook group. Follow Follow us on facebook Advertisement Supporting Organisations Eco Business Logo Back to top Asia Pacific’s sustainable business community Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS About About Us Our Team Contributors Contact Us Policy Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Privacy Policy © Eco-Business 2009—2017
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity World Leaders Push Israel and Trump to Forge a 2-State Deal By ALISSA J. RUBIN, BENOÎT MORENNE and ISABEL KERSHNER 9:02 PM ET Though peace efforts between Israel and the Palestinians seem doomed, world leaders gathered in Paris for a peace conference and signaled that they still longed for a two-state solution. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Once Predatory, Refund Loans Take Friendlier Turn By STACY COWLEY Advances from tax preparation companies now come with no interest and no fees, but consumer watchdogs remain wary. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Packers Thwart Cowboys as Time Expires By BILL PENNINGTON 9:53 PM ET Green Bay advanced to the N.F.C. Title Game with a 34-31 win on Mason Crosby’s 51-yard field goal with no time remaining. Dallas had converted a tying 52-yard field goal with 35 seconds left. Live Updates: Steelers Lead Chiefs at Halftime Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” The Opinion Pages Contributing Op-Ed Writer In Pakistan, Justice for the Killers Among Us By MOHAMMED HANIF 6:02 PM ET Terrorism trials in military courts deliver only revenge, and uncover very little information. Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Wehner: Eight Was Enough Follow us on Twitter » Editorial Turkey’s Relentless Attack on the Press President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has worked to silence independent voices as he tightens his authoritarian control. Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Style Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » Tax Refund Loans Are Revamped and Resurrected With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue In Davos, Bracing for a Shifting U.S. Stance on Climate Change Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » What (Lots of) Money Can Buy at Trump’s Inauguration One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » Corporations Open the Cash Spigot for Trump’s Inauguration On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals For ‘The Red Turtle,’ Studio Ghibli Looks West for an ‘Eastern’ Approach How Movies and TV Address Rape and Revenge New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Steelers Lead Chiefs; Packers Shock Cowboys On Pro Basketball: Cavaliers-Warriors Rematch Carries Meaning for Past and Future Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Conservationist Bud Lilly, ‘a Trout’s Best Friend,’ Dies at 91 Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-S&P ends flat as healthcare advance offset by lower oil By Reuters Published: 16:43 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 16:43 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Jan 10 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. The Dow's 20,000 milestone remained elusive as it was weighed down by declines in IBM, Merck & Co, Exxon Mobil and Procter & Gamble. Traders were holding fire ahead of the upcoming corporate earnings season and the Jan. 20 inauguration after which they expect a better sense as to whether President-elect Donald Trump will fulfill campaign promises of fiscal stimulus, lower tax and lighter regulation. "Investors are now waiting for the inauguration and the first 100-day agenda," said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at brokerage Convergex in New York. "They just want a little more information about what the new administration is planning before the Dow takes the plunge over 20,000. There's a lot of high expectations about what happens after January 20." The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 31.85 points, or 0.16 percent, at 19,855.53, the S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite added 20.00 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,551.82. The S&P Energy sector ended down 0.95 percent as oil futures fell 2 percent on doubts about output cuts. Following a 9 percent jump in the S&P since Nov. 4, investors will also monitor earnings season, which starts this week, to assess if the record levels are justified. "We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York. "Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher." S&P 500 companies are set to post their strongest quarterly growth in three years, with earnings estimated to have risen 5.8 percent in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by financials, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The S&P financial sector, which has risen 17.4 percent since the election, closed up 0.4 percent. Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan - scheduled to report results on Friday - were its biggest drivers on Tuesday with 1.7 percent, 0.7 percent and 0.3 percent rises respectively. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher. S&P Healthcare stocks gained 0.33 percent and the Nasdaq biotech index ended 0.8 percent higher, both enjoying their sixth session of gains in a row. Illumina surged 16.6 percent to $165.04 after the diagnostics company gave a strong quarterly forecast and launched a new product. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.90-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 93 new highs and 18 new lows. More than 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Caroline Valetkevitch in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
TV MOVIES TOP TENS MUSIC LIFESTYLE FLASH GAMES Who is Eden Sassoon from The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills? 10th January 2017 by Julian Cheatle Eden Sassoon in her promotional photo for The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. Pic: Bravo Eden Sassoon is one of the new stars of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, joining the cast at the start of Season 7 as a friend of the ladies. But who is Eden? If you’ve ever washed your hair, then you’ve probably heard of her surname — as she’s the daughter of haircare legend Vidal Sassoon. Vidal, who sadly passed away in 2012, pretty much did everything there is to do with haircare during his lifetime — including revamping the bob cut and making it famous. Originally a hairdresser, he went on to found a haircare empire worth millions, which was bought by Procter & Gamble in 1984. Eden’s father Vidal cutting Mia Farrow’s hair for Rosemary’s Baby in 1968 Eden, 43, followed in her father’s footsteps and owns her own hair salon, Eden By Eden Sassoon on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood, as well as a finishing studio and two pilates studios. Her mother was actress Beverly Adams (later Sassoon), who starred alongside Dean Martin in The Silencers and alongside Mickey Rooney in How to Stuff a Wild Bikini. Eden is also a big philanthropist and has been heavily involved with founding and leading Beauty Gives Back, a non-profit which aims to help solve the global water crisis, raising money through educational events held by some of the world’s leading hairdressers. Eden and her daughter Olivia enjoying fun times together. Pic: @edensassoon/Instagram In her private life, Eden loves to live a healthy lifestyle, and often posts pictures of herself exercising and other on her Instagram. She has been sober for over four years after struggling with alcoholism in the past. Despite all her achievement, Eden is also a hardworking a mum-of-two, sharing custody of her two kids Olivia and Tyler with their dad. She dated All My Children star Jesse McCartney from 2011 to 2012, but is currently single. Eden has three siblings: Catya, who died in 2002 from a drug-induced heart attack, Elan, and David, who was adopted and later disinherited by their father Vidal after the pair became estranged. She joined The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills for Season 7 alongside Dorit Kemsley, Eileen Davidson, Erika Girardi, Kyle Richards, Lisa Rinna and Lisa Vanderpump. Got something to say about this? Tell us in the comments! You may also like DON'T MISS Paranormal Lockdown team sleep with the shadow figures at Waverly Hills Sanatorium Parolee Joe left shaken after dog fight on Pit Bulls and Parolees Ghost Adventures investigates satan worship and demonic attacks on Goatman’s Bridge Paranormal Lockdown premiere sees police probe skeletal remains at Monroe House Who is Eden Sassoon from The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills? Infected spider bites torment Callie on Alone as contestant taps out The doctors behind Animal Planet’s The Vet Life: Exclusive interview Exclusive clip: Townsfolk war over dispatching monster on Killing Bigfoot MOST POPULAR SHOWS The Curse of Oak Island My 600-lb Life Little Women: Atlanta Timber Creek Lodge Pages About Monsters and Critics Contact Us Privacy Team Members TV Series © Copyright 2004 - 2016 Monsters and Critics · All Rights Reserved · All logos & trademarks belong to their respective owners· All images are used with permission or licensed. Home TV TV news, interviews and videos on Monsters and Critics Movies Celebrity Celebrity news and pictures on Monsters and Critics. All the latest celebrity gossip and pics updated every day. Top tens Music Lifestyle Lifestyle news, features and reviews on Monsters and Critics. We bring you the latest from health and fitness, food and drink, fashion and more. Trend Books Flash Games
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 3:11pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall St gained, Nasdaq hits record high By Margreet Dietz 8:02 AM Wednesday Jan 11, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets New York Stock Exchange Sharemarket United States Trader Edward Curran works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photo / AP Wall Street gained as better-than-expected data from China underpinned optimism about the outlook as investors geared up for a fresh round of US corporate earnings. In 1.18pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.2 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.5 per cent. In 1.03pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 0.4 per cent. The Nasdaq touched a record high 5,564.25. "We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York, told Reuters. US banks JPMorgan, Bank of America and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report their latest quarterly earnings on Friday. "Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher," Hogan noted. In the Dow, gains in shares of American Express and those of Caterpillar, recently up 2.5 per cent and 2.2 per cent respectively, outweighed falls in shares of IBM and those of Procter & Gamble, down 0.8 per cent and 0.7 per cent respectively. In the latest US economic data, the National Federation of Independent Business's index climbed 7.4 points in December to 105.8, the highest in 12 years. "Rising confidence adds to the economy's upward momentum," Jim O'Sullivan, chief US economist at High Frequency Economics in Valhalla, New York, said in a note, Bloomberg reported. At the same time, the "NFIB membership appears to be disproportionately Republican, so it is possible that the data will start overstating strength, opposite the pattern during the Obama administration." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.1 per cent advance from the previous close. France's CAC 40 Index edged 0.01 per cent higher, Germany's DAX Index increased 0.2 percent, while the UK's FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 per cent to close at a record high. We've shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode... Art Hogan, chief market strategist Metals including copper and iron ore advanced after China's producer price index climbed at the fastest pace in five years, exceeding expectations. The producer price index rose 5.5 per cent in December from a year earlier, the most since September 2011, compared with a 3.3 per cent increase in November, the National Statistics Bureau said. "Reflation continues in the factory sector," Julia Wang, an economist at HSBC Holdings in Hong Kong, told Bloomberg. "The stable CPI suggests that the reflation is confined mostly in the industrial sector and hasn't filtered into the real economy. So the PBOC would possibly not respond to it until inflation expands to the real economy." - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Why we should welcome tourists Kiwis are renowned for our hospitality, and it's a character trait we take pride in. Aside… Hawke's Bay Today Heed fire ban to keep region safe I'm getting used to rolling past parched fields on my bicycle. As summer approaches… Bay of Plenty Times Naked Tauranga theatre awaits arrival of new seats Tauranga's Baycourt Theatre is only days away from losing its reputation as an uncomfortable… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 16 Jan 2017 16:15:18 Processing Time: 40ms
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext Can Crowdsourcing Bring About More Creative Ads? By Oguz Acar. Published on January 10, 2017. Doritos' final year of its 'Crash the Super Bowl' contest yielded the Super Bowl ad 'Ultrasound.' Credit: Doritos Most Popular From designing t-shirts for Threadless to solving complex innovation problems for NASA, crowdsourcing is proving to be an effective tool to tap into creative potential of people from all over the world. Advertising, of course, is no exception. For the past decade, Doritos has used crowd-generated ads for its millions of dollars' worth of Super Bowl spots. These ads won USA Today's Ad Meter top spot four times during this 10-year period while never being out of the top five. It turns out that consumers who had a creative idea and a decent camera are able to beat many high-budget ads generated by big-name agencies. This success inspired Doritos to create a new platform, "Legion of the Bold," to interact with the crowd on a more permanent basis. "What we want to evolve to is people can create content throughout the year," Ram Krishnan, the brand's chief marketing officer, told Fortune. Other companies prefer working with crowdsourcing platforms that already have a large community of creatives. Mattel recently announced a deal with Tongal for its brands, including American Girl, Thomas & Friends and Hot Wheels. Coca Cola China worked with eYeka for generating videos describing the taste of Coke. The list goes on and on: Procter & Gamble, General Mills, Nestle and many others turn to crowdsourcing platforms for creative videos. When the purpose of a company is having an original and fresh perspective in its ad, crowdsourcing is perhaps the best way to go for it. Here is why. First, the scale of crowdsourcing exceeds even that of the biggest global advertising agency. It brings in more people to focus on a certain ad brief. Marketers receive hundreds to thousands of videos to choose from. Naturally, receiving more ads increases the odds of getting a few truly exceptionally creative ones. Second, the diversity of people involved in ad generation is far greater in a crowdsourcing campaign than any agency in the world. This allows marketers to get outsiders to think about the brand and, more importantly, use outsiders' fresh and novel perspectives in generating an authentic ad. History is full of creative breakthroughs from such unusual suspects. Third, crowds and creatives in agencies are motivated for different reasons. Crowds are often motivated by intrinsic reasons -- they generate ads because they enjoy the creation process. Their participation is entirely voluntary. As opposed to creatives in an agency, they are not limited by clearly delineated roles and specific responsibilities. We know from psychology research that intrinsic motivation is the fuel for creativity -- when intrinsically motivated people think free from constraints and don't mind taking risks with their ideas. In sum, crowdsourcing has a competitive edge over traditional agencies in terms of creativity thanks to its ability in activating a large, diverse and intrinsically motivated group of consumers. Most agencies are understandably sceptical about crowdsourcing. After all, it has the potential to disrupt the entire ad industry. In fact, some of the concerns are quite valid. For example, there may not be any cost-advantages with crowd-generated ads as designing and coordinating a crowdsourcing campaign could be costly. However, creativity is not one of those valid concerns. Visionary agencies are realising that the advertising world has changed and look for ways to adapt to it. They recognize the potential of crowdsourcing rather than fighting against it. John Winsor, the chairman of Victors & Spoils, puts it neatly: "If you ignore the world when you create advertising, the world will ignore your advertising." BBDO has recently launched Flare Studio. As described by Nick Price, head of content at AMV BBDO and founder of Flare, "Flare Studio is a bold undertaking -- bringing the benefits of the crowd but also injecting it with the right amount of agency know how to make sure the work reflects an understanding of our brands and can work for them within the crowd source model." Crowdsourcing revolution is here to stay. Brands and agencies should embrace it and look for ways to how to make most of it. The authentic and fresh perspectives that crowdsourcing brings might hold the keys for cutting through the advertising clutter. In this article: Creativity DigitalNext Social Oguz Acar Dr. Oguz Acar is an assistant professor of marketing at Cass Business School, City University of London. View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Login Signup Login with or Log in Forgotten your password? Signup with or Sign up Forgot Password? Enter your email below and we will send you a reset link. Submit Download App for free on Play Store English हिन्दी বাংলা తెలుగు தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ मराठी മലയാളം ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ਪੰਜਾਬੀ অসমীয়া اردو English हिन्दी বাংলা తెలుగు தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ मराठी മലയാളം ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ਪੰਜਾਬੀ অসমীয়া اردو Your Story Home Stories News Issues That Matter Resources Research Events Home Women Entrepreneurs Corporate Leaders Arts Academia Sports News Home Social Enterprises News Experts Social TV Think Change India Home Home Create Entrepreneur News Uncategorized Entrepreneur Meet the man who is the talk of the e-town: Kalyan Krishnamurthy, Flipkart’s brand new CEO Binjal Shah ,  10 January 2017 0 SHARES facebook twitter linkedin reddit tumblr google+ Flipboard WhatsApp It is two days before Kalyan Krishnamurthy’s 45th birthday – but the only “bash” that he could be bothered to put together is that of Flipkart’s competitors. He is tasked with staging the Indian e-commerce giant’s victory in a race where formidable internet players are closing in, faster than ever. In a major management reshuffle – something that is becoming a bit of a habit at the giant – Kalyan, who was roped in just seven months ago to head sales de facto- marketplace, retail and advertising businesses, has now been asked to assume the top spot of CEO. Binny Bansal, his predecessor, graduates to heading Flipkart Group – the alliance of Jabong, Myntra, Flipkart, PhonePe, and Ekart. Kalyan holds an MBA degree from Asian Institute of Management, the Philippines, and another MBA in Finance from UIUC College of Business, Illinois (US). They say he is Lee Fixel’s trump card, his right-hand man. As the former MD and Director of Finance and Portfolio Companies at Tiger Global Management LLC, this is not the first time he was sought out by Flipkart to run the show. For a year and a half starting May 2013, he served as the Interim CFO at Flipkart Online Services Pvt. Ltd. He brought with him his sharp acumen in the dynamics of e-commerce, having served as the Director of Financial Planning and Analysis at eBay Asia-Pacific and Country Finance Director (South-East Asia, Hong Kong) at eBay prior to joining Tiger. He has also clocked stints at Procter & Gamble, in a supply chain finance position, and Sunshine Teahouse Pvt. Ltd. Kalyan is known to play the longest games of hide-and-seek with the media and is hard to track down – in keeping with the ways of most of his colleagues back at Tiger. An entrepreneur who knows Kalyan and the Bansals, however, says, "That had better change. As CEO, he will have to talk to the media and be more open." Yet, anybody who has worked with him, at any level, be it a subordinate or a senior, vouches for his people skills. During his first stint at Flipkart, the workforce was taken by his sense of interest, involvement, and accountability with even the lowest level of workings. However, he was never too cautious with the whip, and took some tough calls to make at least four tricky executive-level firings. These risks, however, instilled a deeper sense of accountability in the 30,000-strong internal taskforce at India’s highest valued internet player, which was said to have gotten complacent. He was also tasked with undoing the blemishes that the first Big Billion Days (BBD) left on the company, again under his own regime in 2014, by churning out a more foolproof third edition in 2016. He did succeed, if surpassing the sales of arch-rival Amazon in sale-season is an indicator. Forced by his commitment to the annual flagship event, Kalyan had joined Twitter in November 2016, only to make all of 11 tweets, each surrounding the workings of Flipkart's Big Billion Days. "Kalyan is a fantastic numbers person. He is also extremely perceptive. He can see a person and know instinctively whether that person will be good for the job," says a source not wanting to be named. They were part of a portfolio company of Tiger, and have worked closely with Kalyan. This time around, he is tasked with strengthening the mother ship, which has encountered tempests, even if one doesn’t benchmark its performance against the competition. After all, it was devalued from $15 billion to $5.5 billion in multiple markdowns last year. Media and social media conjecture suggests that he was brought onboard to take on Amazon head on – even though Flipkart still commands more market share, albeit marginally, in India’s $15 billion e-commerce industry, the gap is ever decreasing. People also haven’t missed the fact that he is but an outsider, and that for the first time, an Indian unicorn will be run by someone who is not a founder. Whether it was a case of strategic headhunting and placing the right man in the right job, or an instance of investors losing confidence in the founders and stepping in to right the wrongs is anybody’s guess at this stage. "When I came in in 2013, it was agreed that I would go back. There was no big reason behind it. This is a different chapter. I'm here to stay and put my head down and work," he had told TOI in a December interview, before he was appointed CEO. Flipkart decided to combine a number of verticals under Kalyan; within a few months of him coming onboard in June, private label, marketplace, marketing, and customer experience product were all asked to report to Kalyan. So, even as Kalyan is to report to Binny on paper, inside sources revealed, as reported by this article in Mint, that he is his own boss and answers directly to the board. As of now, Flipkart continues to lose tens of millions of dollars every month. Popular consumer feedback suggests that there are gaps when it comes to their customer service, after-sales service and returns and refund policies. Hence, one can infer that their priorities are skewed and that their customer acquisition strategy, at a time when India is still appeasing its billions to adopt digital, is hardly up to the mark. This, however, happens to be an area that Amazon is rather overtly gunning at and might prove to be the reason for the turn of tables in this gripping great Indian startup story. Calling all startups in mobility and transport sector! Apply now for the Indo-German bootcamp and get a chance to be mentored by industry experts and showcase your products. Only 5 seats available. Read more here. 0 SHARES facebook twitter linkedin reddit tumblr google+ Flipboard WhatsApp Advertisement Tags Binny Bansal e - commerce Flipkart investor turned CEO Kalyan Krishnamurthy management reshuffle new ceo Tiger Global Management LLC About the author Binjal Shah Binjal Shah is a YourStory Mumbai correspondent Write your story Share your stories with us and inspire others like you! Most Popular Popular 5 movies to inspire the budding entrepreneur Popular This IIT professor who once taught Raghuram Rajan is now working for tribals Popular How Pooja Kumar lost 25 kg in 25 weeks and is now helping others get fit with JogoApp Most Popular Popular GST registration opens: procedure to enroll for GST registration by existing taxpayers Popular They are not just actors and sports people, these well-known celebrities are great entrepreneurs too! Popular 2017 will be the year of the backbenchers Most Popular Popular Rising out of a personal tragedy, 3 brothers create FYERS to become youngest stockbrokers Popular From begging on Chennai streets to studying at Cambridge - Jayavel's journey is pure inspiration Popular 20 quotes from Mark Cuban that proves he is plain awesome Sign Up for the daily YS Newsletter for all the latest updates Your Story About us Contact us Faqs Privacy Jobs@ys Partner Events Terms & Conditions Team YS Testimonials Disclaimer Advertise Code of Conduct © 2017 YourStory Media Private Limited. All rights reserved.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oilfield Surfactants Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oilfield Surfactants Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 10, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Oilfield Surfactant market is accounted for $1.04 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $1.57 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.1% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increased usage of CO2 Oil Recovery Technology, rising demand for bio-based surfactants, regulations and non-toxicity are driving the market growth. New projects and huge investment in APAC and Africa region, Utilization and Management of Industrial and Agricultural Wastes will further provide growth opportunities for the market globally. However, environmental concerns, decreasing oil prices and regulatory factors are restraining oilfield Surfactant market. Surfactants in personal care product market will see the best growth prospects. Cleaning products segment is expected to show moderate growth. Bio based surfactant segment is estimated to show prospective growth in the Asia-Pacific region. Asia-Pacific region holds the largest market share. However, North America followed by Europe is estimated to show a significant growth in the surfactant market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oilfield-surfactants-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in global Oilfield Surfactant market are Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, The Dow Chemical Company, Evonik Industries AG, BASF SE, Stepan Company, P&G Chemicals, Pilot Chemical Company, Siltech Corporation, Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio, SABIC, Shell Chemicals, Huntsman Corporation, SI Group, Inc, AGAE Technologies, LLC. Substrates Covered: -Bio-Based/Oleo chemical -Bio surfactant -Synthetic/Petrochemical Products Covered: - Anionic Surfactant -Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) -Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) -Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) -Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) -Non-Ionic Surfactant -Alkylphenol ethoxylates -Alkanolamides -Polyglucosides -Sorbitan esters -Alcohol ethoxylates -Fatty amine ethoxylates -Sucrose esters -Cationic Surfactant -Other Surfactants -Silicon Surfactants -Fluorinated Surfactants -Polymeric Surfactants -Amphoteric Surfactants -Association Polymers Applications Covered: -Emulsifiers and Demulsifiers -Lubricants -Dispersants -Corrosion Inhibitors -Foam Control Agents -Setting and Suspending Agents -Biocides -Acrylic End Users Covered: -Personal Care Industry -Textile Industry -Soap Industry -Elastomers and Plastic Industry -Oilfield Chemicals -Industrial and Institutional Cleaning -Crop Protection -Pharmaceuticals -Paper and pulp Industry -Paints, Coatings& Adhesives -Metal & Engineering Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/sample Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 11.1 Rhodia S.A. 11.2 Schlumberger Limited 11.3 The Lubrizol Corporation 11.4 P&G Chemicals 11.5 BASF SE 11.6 Pilot Chemical Company 11.7 Stepan Company 11.8 Siltech Corporation 11.9 Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio 11.10 SABIC 11.11 Shell Chemicals 11.12 Huntsman Corporation 11.13 Henkel AG AND CO. KGAA 11.14 SI Group, Inc 11.15 AGAE Technologies, LLC Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
News Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style Videos News Politics Africa World Latest News Kiunjuri seeks to calm fears over drought Stop insulting ANC leader, Uhuru told Jubilee plans to rig presidential poll: Governor Ruto Kenneth launches bid for Nairobi gubernatorial seat Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business Airtel’s second layoff in a year turns focus on turnaround bid Shrinking credit access set to hit businesses this year Tea prices start New Year on a high at Mombasa auction Uchumi begins testing new franchising model Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Women lynched and houses set on fire in Nyamira Tea earns farmers Sh2bn MP puts KAA to task over delay in relocating school Fishing in Lamu takes hit from government ban Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports Harambee Stars player Miheso quits South African club Best football players to get sponsorship Gor Mahia face Sudan’s Al-Hilal in a pre-season warm up Telkom edge out GRA to clinch ninth title Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion WAFULA: School mental health care plan should be Matiang’i’s next KIARII: Unions must rethink their role in industry WARAH: Kenya goes back to its ‘mating ritual’ with Western donors NANJIRA: Explanation, context and analysis: Kenya's media must Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style KITOTO: We've been together for months, should I move in? Why can’t I get a job? KITOTO: 25 reasons some of us shun marriage Hollywood worried about Trump's lack of humour Videos = Home Business Technology What’s Next For GE In 2017: Changing The Game With A Digital Industrial Strategy Tuesday January 10 2017 email print The LEAP is the world’s first jet engine with 3D-printed fuel nozzles. It can be connected to the IIoT. PHOTO | COURTESY   In Summary This year, Immelt discussed GE’s transformation into the world’s largest digital industrial company and his plans to lead the digitisation of industry and revolutionise how we make things by adopting 3D printing and other additive manufacturing technologies. Advertisement By GE More by this Author Every December, GE Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt hosts a meeting with analysts and investors to walk through the company’s strategy and financial goals for the upcoming year and review major wins from the past year. This year, Immelt discussed GE’s transformation into the world’s largest digital industrial company and his plans to lead the digitisation of industry and revolutionise how we make things by adopting 3D printing and other additive manufacturing technologies. Highlighting past achievements, Immelt pointed to plans to merge GE’s Oil & Gas unit with Baker Hughes to create Baker Hughes, a GE Company. “The Baker-Hughes deal makes us one of the three big players in oil and gas,” Immelt said. “This is a good deal for investors in the right time.” The combination will create a $32-billion fullstream oil services business — based on 2015 combined revenues — with operations in over 120 countries. He also noted that it’s been a year since GE’s acquisition of Alstom’s power and grid business — its largest single deal in history. He said that the integration of Alstom with GE’s energy businesses has already driven growth and synergies across the portfolio — on track with projections and growth targets. “Alstom and Baker Hughes are good deals and they add to the company strategically and financially,” Immelt said. In addition to Alstom and the Baker Hughes announcement, Immelt said that GE has continued to expand its digital and additive manufacturing capabilities — the two key technologies the company is using to unlock new ways of working with customers and suppliers. Digitising industry In early 2016, GE opened Predix — the operating system for the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) — to businesses and partners to develop software solutions for their own operations and customers. Internally the platform has saved about $500-million in services and manufacturing productivity across GE, Immelt said. Companies such as Exelon, University of California San Francisco, BP and Proctor & Gamble have started using data insights from Predix apps to increase efficiency and productivity. Overall, there are more than 20,000 developers working on Predix. For 2017, GE expects to grow the platform to 35,000 developers and continue to expand its digital capabilities. The company has acquired software companies such as Meridium, ServiceMax and Wise.io that bring together sensors, cloud-based algorithms and advanced field technology to help transform the way engineers and coders work together. Building a $1 billion additive business Over the last few years, additive manufacturing has started changing the way we make things by bringing 3D printing from developing small-scale prototypes to industrial-strength products. Today, GE has deployed additive technology in factories around the world to manufacture parts for jet engines from GE Aviation, GE Power turbines and GE Oil & Gas machines. At GE’s Global Research Centre, GE has invested $1.5-billion to keep developing these new technologies. Immelt said that additive manufacturing was also a perfect example of the GE Store — the practice of sharing expertise and technology across GE’s business portfolio. That’s because additive development and production centres can work on different parts for different businesses at the same site and learn from the process. GE has launched a new GE Additive business to accelerate additive manufacturing across GE and for its customers. Earlier this week, GE announced that it recently closed deals to acquire a majority stake in Concept Laser GmbH and Arcam AB, two of the industry’s leading global additive manufacturing equipment businesses. With these two acquisitions, the company plans to grow its additive business to reach $1-billion in revenue by 2020 and become a leading supplier of additive machines, materials and software. The new business will not only serve GE’s industrial businesses — it will serve customers in other industries as well, including aerospace, tooling and automotive sectors. A focused digital, industrial transformation GE has taken steps to sharpen its focus on its digital industrial side by continuing its sale of GE Capital assets. Since the April 2015 announcement to sell most of GE Capital, the business has repositioned itself ahead of schedule. To date, $195-billion of GE Capital asset sales have been signed, and $188-billion have been closed, Immelt said. The “new” GE Capital also achieved de-designation as a systemically important financial institution in the US and plans to exit European regulation by 2017. Next steps for GE Today, Immelt reaffirmed the company’s 2016 operating framework. For 2017, GE forecasts stronger organic growth in comparison to other industrial companies, targeting 3-5 per cent. The company set a goal of $1.60 to $1.70 earnings per share (EPS) for the year, with $16-billion to $20-billion of operating cash flow. GE expects to return $19-billion to $21-billion to investors through dividends and buybacks over the course of the year. The company re-emphasised its EPS goal of $2 by 2018. As oil- and gas-related markets continue to face challenges, GE has announced new acquisitions, additional stock buybacks and a new cost-savings plan over the next two years to drive earnings growth and achieve its $2 EPS target. email print In the headlines Gender data reveals KCSE grade mix-up The girls who were graded were more than those who sat for the exam, which is practically IEBC kicks off major drive to enlist 6 million voters Uhuru and Raila set to lead their party leaders in mobilising new voters to register. Senators call crisis meeting to end doctors strike Kiunjuri seeks to calm fears over drought Cord begins drive to enlist voters ahead of August polls Improve youths lives to tackle terrorism - DP Ruto says Mungatana denies link to Kilifi Sh51m scam Joho was not arrested, says Marwa - VIDEO Advertisement Latest Business Business Airtel’s second layoff in a year turns focus on turnaround bid   Business Shrinking credit access set to hit businesses this year   Business Tea prices start New Year on a high at Mombasa auction   Corporates Uchumi begins testing new franchising model   Seeds of Gold Vet on Call: A soothing treatment for milk fever attack in cows   Seeds of Gold Don’t earn peanuts, grow these groundnut varieties   Seeds of Gold Where the savvy flock to farm   Advertisement LATEST FROM NAIROBI NEWS LATEST NTV VIDEOS Mishi Mboko claims the government is keen on tarnishing Joho's name Nairobi gubernatorial race; Peter Kenneth officially declares interest IEBC targeting to register 6 million more voters ahead of the 2017 elections- #ElectionKe PUNCHLINE: How to get 'bae' to register; Mishi Mboko's mischievous strategy Ravages of drought; 2 million Kenyans at risk of starvation Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for January 10, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Parkway Display Company: the Expert in Custom Point of Sale Display Industry The vision of all employees in Parkway Display - strive to become the setter of the standard, rather than the follower of it standards.     SHENZHEN, CHINA, January 10, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The meaning of Parkway Display in Chinese is that it unites all the design strengths in this Point of Sale display industry, and to be the best one in this industry to offer better service and gain recognition from customers. To become a leader in this industry means that our technology, product quality, management level, business model, corporate culture should all take the leading position in the industry. This is our enterprise's development goal. Established in 2008, with about 3 thousand and 600 square meters factory and nearly 100 employees, Parkway Display Products Limited is one of the professional manufacturers in Point of Sale Display industry in Shenzhen, China. There are many enterprises in Shenzhen and the people here do not like publicity, just learn and develop itself quietly, which casts many invisible champion enterprises. Parkway Display Products Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Parkway Display") is one of them, also steps silently towards the position of first brand in the field of Point of Sale Display. Win the trust of customers with profession In an industry which is the closest but farthest to the consumers, maybe you'll never hear the name "Parkway Display", but you certainly have met it many times. In the store shelves that you passed inadvertently and when you buy L'Oreal cosmetics, Coca-Cola, chocolate and etc, you must take the goods that was placed in Display Stands or Display Racks which is produced by Parkway Display, with look and see more than once. Perhaps you were attracted to there by the fine display. The one who can catch the attention of consumers will be the winner in the era of eyeball economy. If all the brand companies have already grabbed the consumer's psychological cognition in marketing, then Parkway Display is the last link which helps them to win consumers and improve the transaction rate. Vincent Ho, the president of Parkway Display, when talks about the Point of Sale Display, he can't help to sigh "Point of Sale Display is a new industry emerging nearly ten years in China, and was noticed slowly by the market. In fact, we are the nearest one with consumers. But consumers do not know who I am." Indeed, Point of Sale Display is essential, and is closely linked with consumption, but it can obtain what we need directly as consumer goods. But it does not affect the pace of Parkway Display, because terminal display is concerned by the market, and brand companies pay attention to the terminal display, also pay attention to Parkway Display. As a company who enter into this Point of Sale Display industry at the early time, Parkway Display has its development opportunities. In the early rudimentary stage of this industry, it wins the trust of numbers emerging brand customers, and establishes long-term cooperation with many years of professional manufacturing and service. In the world, many familiar brands are mostly serviced by our company, such as Estee Lauder, Chanel, Mars, Louis Vuitton, Bulgari, Oxette, Calvin Klein, Wrigley, Unilever, P&G, Kinder, Wyeth, Kraft, Nestle and so forth. With the development of the brand enterprise serviced by our company, Parkway Display also grow step by step. In ten years, with the lead of Vincent Ho, Parkway Display developed from a team with several people to the largest pos display stand manufacturer in China. Now it builds many standards for the development of the industry and also trained a large number of outstanding talents. Today, Vincent Ho has more than 3 thousand and 600 square meters of modern industrial plants, dozens of advanced production equipment, and the excellent team consisted by hundreds of members. Customers are from a dozen hot industries including communications, home appliances, cosmetics, jewelry chain, feminine styling, garment retailing, luxury goods, drinks, daily necessities, glasses industry and so on. The comprehensive reputation accumulated for nearly ten years in the industry also brought more possibilities for the development of Parkway Display. In recent years, an increasing number of products produced by Parkway Display were exported to Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, Africa, Middle East and other global markets. Build a development platform for staff PD can be developed to be the largest domestic pos display stand manufacturer, and it is inseparable with the efforts of a number of outstanding talents. Parkway Display has always been concerned about the cultivation and development of talents. The competition for job responsibility will be held irregularly by Parkway Display each year. In October this year, the production sector of Parkway Display want to regulate the operation processes of front-line staff and improve their skills, the labor skills competition was held 3 days by manufacturing center. The players from each production workshop showed production operation skills with high standard. In the annual competition, it isn't that the winners are always old employees, some new employees who are willing to study even better than older employees. Vincent Ho thinks that the competition of labor skills is not only a competition, but also a learning platform for different sectors. It is the hope for the development of the company that we have the spirit of learning actively and racing each other. On the other hand, Parkway Display has its own unique management way from salary design to employee developing plan. As early as many years ago, Vincent Ho began to interiorly carry out the management model that each sector operates and manages independently. It requires that the department managers should have the business sense to save the costs and improve efficiency for the streamline production of company. In the initial period the mechanism, the two hundred thousand of saving costs were given to the staff of production department by Vincent Ho as bonus, which created a great sensation in the Parkway Display at that time. But it is not enough to control internal management just by bonus. Apparently, Vincent Ho thinks further. He believes that excellent employees generally have three requirements: earning money, growth platform and entrepreneurial platform. What he wants to do is to meet these requirements by Parkway Display. At the same time that is also the care for employees and to retain the outstanding talents in our company. Some excellent employees of Parkway Display who have their own entrepreneurial aspirations will be supported by the way providing shares to offer the opportunities for their entrepreneurial dream after finishing the assessment. Employees can get shares only by a small amount of investment, and get investments from Parkway Display. Vincent Ho said that it is very unique and attractive for cooperation and profit sharing arrangement, on the one hand, can retain the internal staff, and let them having the understanding of development space in Parkway Display, whether it is working or entrepreneurship, it will give them the possibility in the platform provided by Parkway Display. Become a standards setter As the first batch of company developed in this Point of Sale Display industry, it can't be led by any predecessors with the blanks of the industry. But it gives many development spaces for the company, for instance, setting various standards and competition regulations for the industry and so forth. The meaning of Parkway Display in Chinese is that it unites all the design strengths in this Point of Sale display industry, and to be the best one in this industry to offer better service and gain recognition from customers. Our enterprise's development goal is that our corporate level, business model, corporate culture should all take the leading position in this industry. In Parkway Display, it has formed a scientific and professional concierge-like brand service system from various design schemes, including POP Displays, Point of Sale Displays, Retail Displays, Display Stands, Display Racks, to large-scale manufacturing and from the early communication with the guests for the design to product molding and delivering it to all parts of the world. The vision of all employees in Parkway Display - strive to become the setter of the standard, rather than the follower of it standards. For more information, contact Parkway Display at sales(at)parkwaydisplay(dot)com or call 86-755-23425056. Buy POP Displays, Point of Sale Displays, Retail Displays, Display Stands, Display Racks, Store Fixtures, Trade Show Displays, Acrylic Displays, Wood Displays, Cardboard Displays, all at unbeatable prices from Parkway Display! # # # Read more Press Releases from Vincent Ho: Parkway Display: The Best Choice for Your POS Display Needs! What Services Does Parkway Display Company Provide? Three Principles to Follow in Putting POS Display Designs Acrylic POS Display Shelf Recommended by Parkway Display Company Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Vincent Ho Parkway Display Products Limited Shenzhen, Guangdong China Voice: 86-755-23425065 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Blog: Visit Our Blog Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Microsoft, house prices, Mars: Business news in brief, Tuesday 10 January Technology firm invests in cybersecurity, Halifax says price growth picked up in December, Confectionery maker buys VCA for £6.3bn Ben Chapman Tuesday 10 January 2017 07:41 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The technology company has backed Israeli cybersecurity firm Team8 David Ramos/Getty Microsoft, Qualcomm back Team8 cybersecurity firm as hacking threats increase The venture arms of Microsoft and Qualcomm have invested in Team8, an Israeli creator of cybersecurity start-ups, as big multinational companies get behind Israel’s burgeoning cyber industry in the face of growing threats. Team8, which also announced on Monday a strategic partnership with Citi to help develop its products, said the most recent investment brings its total raised to more than $92m (£75m). Its other investors are Cisco, AT&T, Accenture, Nokia, Singapore’s Temasek, Japan’s Mitsui, Bessemer Venture Partners, Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt’s Innovation Endeavors and Marker. While the number of attempted cyber attacks was 20,000 a week two or three years ago, that figure had now risen to 600,000-700,000, said Yoram Yaacovi, general manager of Microsoft Israel’s development centre. Israel has some 450 cyber start-ups, which receive 20 per cent of global investment in the sector. Although the need for security is growing quickly, the proliferation of start-ups means that several companies compete in every sub-sector. “A large part of companies created won't get to the finish line,” Nadav Zafrir, Team8 chief executive and former commander of the Israeli army’s technology and intelligence unit 8200, told a news conference. Reuters UK house price growth picks up speed again Growth in British house prices picked up speed for the second month in a row in December, helped by a shortage of homes to buy, but price increases are likely to slow in 2017, mortgage lender Halifax said on Monday. House prices have risen more slowly since the shock decision by voters in a referendum last June to leave the European Union but surveys by Halifax and rival lender Nationwide have shown them holding up in late 2016. The resilience has confounded the warnings of former finance minister George Osborne, one of the leading voices in the defeated Remain campaign to keep Britain in the EU, who said in May that house prices would fall by between 10 and 18 per cent if the country voted to leave the bloc. In the three months to December, house prices were 6.5 per cent higher compared with the same period a year earlier, up from growth of 6 per cent in the three months to November, Halifax said. A Reuters poll of economists had expected an increase of 5.8 per cent. The pace of growth remains below a peak of 10 per cent hit in March 2016. In monthly terms, house prices jumped by 1.7 per cent in December, the strongest increase since March. Martin Ellis, an economist with Halifax, said yearly price growth was expected to slow to between 1 and 4 per cent by the end of 2017, held back by weaker growth in the overall economy. “The relatively wide range for the forecast reflects the higher than normal degree of uncertainty regarding the prospects for the UK economy this year,” he said in a statement. Reuters Mars to buy pet health care provider VCA for $7.7bn Mars said it would buy animal hospital operator VCA for $7.7bn (£6.3bn). Confectionery maker Mars, also the largest pet food manufacturer in the world, said it would offer $93 for every share, a premium of 31.4 per cent to VCA’s Friday closing price. VCA shares were trading at $91 before the opening bell on Monday. Mars became the No 1 pet food maker in 2014, after buying Procter & Gamble pet foods business, known for brands such as Iams and Natura, for $2.9bn. Nestle, the maker of Purina pet products, is the second-biggest pet food maker, according to Euromonitor data. VCA, founded in 1986, operates nearly 800 animal hospitals with 60 diagnostic laboratories in the United States and Canada. The company had annual sales of $2.13bn (£1.75bn) in 2015. Mars Petcare business includes the Banfield Pet Hospital, which runs over 900 pet clinics. Reuters Thyssenkrupp labour chief demands better deal than Port Talbot Workers at German steelmaker Thyssenkrupp will refuse to pick up the tab for concessions being offered to British unions by Tata Steel to further a merger, Thyssenkrupp’s labour chief told Reuters on Monday. Thyssenkrupp and Tata have been in talks for about a year to merge their European steel operations to cut costs and overcapacity, but negotiations have been complicated by Tata's huge pension deficit in the UK. The German company’s labour chief Wilhelm Segerath said he sees no reason why Thyssenkrupp’s plants should suffer because of job and investment guarantees offered to workers at Port Talbot, Britain's biggest steel plant, in return for pension cuts. Tata has now offered to guarantee production at Port Talbot, Wales, for five years and to invest across its British business in return for being able to close the final-salary pension scheme to future accrual. “If they get five years, we want at least 10 years,” Mr Segerath said. “We won’t accept that our plants will now be endangered in a consolidation. Even an attempt to do so would trigger massive resistance from us.” He cited “enormous structural problems” at Port Talbot, which lost a million pounds a day in the past financial year but has since turned profitable, mainly thanks to external factors including higher prices and a weaker pound. Reuters William Hill profit trails in at bottom of forecast range Bookmaker William Hill said annual operating profit would fall to £260m, the bottom of its forecast range, blaming “customer friendly” horse racing and football results in December. The decline in earnings is another blow to the gambling company as it searches for a new chief executive and after a number of rivals joined forces to increase competition in the sector. Shares in the company fell more than 3 per cent to 288.3p. As recently as 14 November the company had forecast that operating profit would be at the higher end of the £260-280m range. William Hill had reported operating profit of £291.4m for 2015. Interim chief executive Philip Bowcock said unfavourable sporting results at the end of the year had wiped £20m off the profit figure. “The recent run of sporting results have not changed our confidence in a better performance in 2017,” he added in a trading statement for the 52 weeks to 27 December, 2016. On the busy Boxing Day English football programme, 18 of the 20 best-backed teams won. One gambler turned a £20 stake into £103,000 after backing 11 teams to win – the biggest accumulator win of the season so far. Reuters VW executive to appear in Miami court over Dieselgate scandal The Volkswagen executive who once was in charge of complying with US emissions regulations has been arrested in connection with the company’s emissions-cheating scandal, a person briefed on the matter said Monday. Oliver Schmidt, who was general manager of the engineering and environmental office for VW of America, was arrested during the weekend in the federal criminal investigation, said the person, who didn't want to be identified because they are not authorised to speak on the case. Mr Schmidt is the second VW employee to be arrested as the probe led by the US Attorney’s Office in Detroit continues. It’s unclear what charges he faces. The New York Times reported that he's expected to be arraigned Monday in a federal courtroom in Detroit. Mr Schmidt's bio for a 2012 auto industry conference said Schmidt was responsible for ensuring that vehicles built for sale within the US and Canada comply with “past, present and future air quality and fuel economy government standards in both countries”. It says he served as the company’s direct factory and government agency contact for emissions regulations. AP Saudi Arabia Hires PwC to Advise on $20bn Cost Cuts Saudi Arabia is working with PricewaterhouseCoopers on plans to cancel about $20bn (£16.5bn) of projects as the kingdom seeks to shore up its finances, two people familiar with the matter said. The Ministry of Economy and Planning hired the consultancy firm to review $69bn of government contracts with a view to cutting about a third of them, the people said, asking not to be identified as the discussions are private. Projects under review include contracts awarded by the ministries of housing, transport, health and education, they said, adding that PwC’s role also includes advising on ways to cut project costs or privatise them. Under Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the world’s biggest oil exporter is seeking to rein in spending to narrow a budget shortfall that reached nearly 300bn riyals ($80bn) last year after oil prices slumped. The kingdom set up an office to limit government spending, according to this year’s budget that was announced in December. Authorities also set up the National Project Management Office last year to control capital spending and ensure that government projects are carried out efficiently. Bloomberg Child slavery claims against Nestle and Cargill get second chance in court Six men forced into slavery as boys to harvest cocoa pods have a second chance to go after some of the world’s biggest chocolate companies in US court, saying the companies should have known their suppliers used forced labour. They’re asking a federal judge in Los Angeles to allow their 12-year-old case to go ahead, even though their alleged captivity was in Ivory Coast. They say Nestle and Cargill. employees in the US knew of the forced labour but didn’t take steps to stop it, so they should be able to sue in an American court. Allowing the former slaves to sue in the US over human rights abuses overseas would reverse years of precedents won by Chevron, Coca-Cola and other multinationals. If Nestle and Cargill can’t get the case thrown out, other companies might face a new wave of expensive, drawn-out lawsuits over suppliers’ alleged misdeeds. “You can see that would open the door to a flood of new cases,” said John Bellinger III, who as a lawyer for the US Chamber of Commerce unsuccessfully asked the US Supreme Court to block the six from revising their lawsuit. Bloomberg More about: House prices Microsoft Mars Thyssenkrupp William Hill Volkswagen Saudi Arabia Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 Reuters Jan. 9, 2017, 11:37 AM 66 facebook linkedin twitter email print * Oil prices fall 2.5 pct, energy index top index loser * Health sector gains on string of multi-billion dollar deals * Tech stocks surge push Nasdaq to record high * Dow down 0.13 pct, S&P down 0.11 pct, Nasdaq up 0.19 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in bank and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, distancing the Dow from the 20,000 mark, while gains in technology stocks pushed the Nasdaq to a record intraday high. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Goldman Sachs's 0.7 percent decline weighing the most. P&G and Coca-Cola dropped 0.9 percent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector's 1.3 percent drop. Oil prices fell 2.5 percent on concerns that rising U.S. output could dampen the impact of a recent deal among major producers to limit output. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 11:08 a.m. ET (1608 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 26.53 points, or 0.13 percent, at 19,937.27. The S&P 500 was down 2.48 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,274.5 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.27 points, or 0.19 percent, at 5,531.32. The Nasdaq hit a high of 5,538.295. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , which is celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, was up 1.1 percent at $119.14, after hitting a 13-month high of $119.30. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. A string of multi-billion dollar healthcare deals boost the sector on Monday. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. Acuity Brands fell 12.3 percent to $207.51 after the lighting solutions provider gave a disappointing sales forecast. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,667 to 1,167. On the Nasdaq, 1,562 issues fell and 1,149 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 11 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News USA-STOCKS/ (UPDATE 3) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 * Oil prices fall 2.5 pct, energy index top... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Joan Creative Welcomes New Business Operations, Strategic Leaders Advertisement NEXT:Advocate Health Care Names Schafer Condon Carter as Agency of Record PREVIOUS:Robert Senior to Step Down as Global CEO of Saatchi & Saatchi After 2 Years Revolving Door Joan Creative Welcomes New Business Operations, Strategic Leaders By Erik Oster on Jan. 11, 2017 - 2:21 PMComment Joan Creative has welcomed Dominique Ward as director of business operations and Megan Dwyer as strategy lead. Both Ward and Dwyer will be based out of the agency’s New York headquarters and report to co-founder/CCO Jaime Robinson and co-founder/CEO Lisa Clunie. To recap: Robinson, a former executive creative director at W+K, and Clunie, a veteran of lifestyle site Refinery29 and Ogilvy & Mather, launched the agency last May. The agency’s first public campaign broke with a “Rules for the Modern Woman” spot promoting Netflix during the Emmys in September, the same month the agency brought on Alex Kalluf as chief data officer. Last month, the agency added project work for General Mills. As director of business operations, Ward will be tasked with overseeing business systems for the agency, as well as its Diversity Foundation, and spearheading client collaborations. She joins Joan Creative from product design and innovation consultancy frog, where she has spent around six years, most recently serving as senior analyst, business operations. Before joining frog as a program analyst at the beginning of 2011, she spent over a year and a half in an analyst position with online marketing company Yodle. Dwyer joins the agency following a stint as a freelance brand strategy director. Before that she spent nearly six years with Saatchi & Saatchi New York, most recently serving as senior vice president, strategic planning director. While with Saatchi she worked with clients including P&G, Chase Sapphire, Miller Coors, JCPenney and General Mills. Prior to Saatchi she spent over three and a half years as a senior brand strategist with SapientNitro. “As we continue to scale and bring on new business and new people, it’s imperative that the people we hire are real Joans. Different, yet completely united in their ability to think in unusual and irregular ways. People who are kind, creative, empathetic, curious, weird and fantastic,” Clunie said in a statement. “Both Dominique and Megan fit this bill completely.” “Dominique is a problem solver who focuses on the big picture as well as all the tiny pieces, which is one of the reasons she is so skilled in developing and implementing growth strategies,” she added. “Megan has a deep understanding of people and their motivations and believes in the incredible power of ideas. We are thrilled to add their irregular thinking to our team.” < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Marketing Supervisor i.d.e.a. San Diego, California Ad Operations Associate Priceline.com Norwalk, Connecticut, United States, 06854 Advertising Program Coordinator, Off Platform Advertising Cox Enterprises Fort Myers, Florida See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Vanguard High Dividend Yield Jumped 17% in 2016 2016 was another good year for dividend stocks, and this ETF benefited as a result. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Jan 11, 2017 at 1:32PM Income investors like stocks that pay high dividends, and the companies that create exchange-traded funds have tapped into investors' demand for dividend stocks by creating dividend ETFs like the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (NYSEMKT:VYM). 2016 was a strong year for the ETF, as it produced a total return of 17%, outpacing gains in the Dow Jones Industrials and S&P 500 indexes. Yet even though the Vanguard ETF topped the overall market last year, what most investors want to know is whether its 2016 performance points to the likelihood of longer-term success for the fund. Let's take a closer look at the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF to learn more about how it works and why it did so well last year. Image source: Getty Images. Stats on Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF 2016 Total Return 17% Total Assets Under Management $22.7 billion Expense Ratio 0.09% SEC Yield 3.06% 10-Year Average Annual Return 7.1% Data source: Vanguard Group. How Vanguard High Dividend Yield invests Most exchange-traded funds are tied to indexes, with the management team having the goal of matching the performance of the index. The Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF tracks the FTSE High Dividend Yield Index, which includes more than 400 stocks of U.S. companies that have paid above-average dividends over the past 12 months. The index excludes real estate investment trusts, which means the ETF doesn't include REITs in its holdings. Over time, the Vanguard ETF has done a good job of matching the performance of its index. Only about 0.10 percentage points separates the index's theoretical return from the actual performance of the Vanguard ETF. That's directly in line with the fund's current expense ratio of 0.09%, suggesting that when you look solely at the way the ETF invests, it's doing a good job of matching performance with minimal friction from transaction costs. What helped the ETF in 2016? The overall gain in the U.S. stock market was the clearest contributor to performance for the Vanguard ETF. But more specifically, strength in many of the fund's largest holdings played a key role in driving its performance, especially because the ETF has almost a third of its assets invested in its 10 top stocks. Among its top 10 stocks as of Nov. 30, the most obvious standouts were in the energy sector. ExxonMobil and Chevron both did well in 2016, with Chevron in particular posting gains of more than 30%. The rise in crude oil and natural gas prices helped bolster the entire sector, and a large number of smaller stocks enjoyed even larger gains that contributed to the ETF's overall gains. Financial stocks also played a role in the Vanguard ETF's outperformance. JPMorgan Chase was a top 10 holding, and it climbed by about a third as conditions in the banking world became more favorable. With rising interest rates and healthier levels of economic activity, JPMorgan and many of its high-yield banking peers were in a position to rebound from a long malaise. What hurt the ETF in 2016? Not all of the Vanguard ETF's picks did that well. General Electric was a high-profile underperformer, rising just 2% in 2016 as prospects for the industrial giant didn't keep up with the rest of the market. Procter & Gamble was another slight disappointment, with mid-single-digit percentage returns that held the ETF back. Beyond the top 10, the ETF had some significant losing stocks. L Brands did particularly poorly, falling more than 27% in a tough retail environment. Still, most of the losses were relatively small, such as Coca-Cola's mild decline in the face of challenges to its sugary soft drink franchise. Does Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF belong in your portfolio? Based on its 2016 performance, Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF got the job done last year. It didn't dramatically outperform the broader market, but it did take advantage of the favorable conditions that helped support many dividend stocks as the bull market continued. Looking forward, the prospects for dividend stocks remain attractive, and the Vanguard ETF will give you a healthy helping of stocks with above-average yields. Although high yields by themselves don't necessarily reflect the health of a dividend stock, Vanguard's process has done a good job of producing good long-term performance for investors. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil and General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron and Coca-Cola. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Jan 11, 2017 at 1:32PM Financials Stocks Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF NYSEMKT:VYM $75.76 up $0.07 (0.09%) Read More The Impressive Dividend History of Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Why Vanguard High Dividend Yield Jumped 17% in 2016 #stocks $VYM
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo CASSIES Shopper Marketing Forum Awards Agency of The Year Media Agency of The Year Digital Agency of The Year PR Agency of The Year Strategy Awards PROMO! Awards AToMiC Awards Shopper Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing    ARCHIVE Home » Awards, Featured » 2017 Marketers of the Year Meet six change agents who took risks and reaped rewards for their brands in 2016. By Jennifer Horn 4 days ago This article appears in the January/February 2017 issue of strategy. Exploring untrodden land, for any brand, is a nerve-racking task. There’s a daunting amount of prep, tests and steps to take before you venture into a new demo, market, positioning and/or category. Sure, it can be tricky and sometimes trying, but it’s also almost always lush with learnings — whether they come with a positive outcome or not. The six change agents that strategy chose as its 2017 Marketers of the Year each set new agendas for their teams, and came out swinging with a year’s worth of success. Leon’s Andrea Graham invited a new agency partner to the family (after two decades going it alone) to help reach millennials, while BMO’s CMO Connie Stefankiewicz made banking more personable and human. PepsiCo’s Christine Kalvenes left Texas in 2014 to fortify the Canadian marketing department with stronger digital digs, and Penningtons’ Ginette Harnois gained new ground with plus-size women through stigma-challenging creative. And finally, Wrigley’s Dan Alvo and Campbell’s Moya Brown (who once worked together at P&G) tackled category declines by unifying marketing departments to bring new thinking across brands. After research and industry feedback, the MOYs were narrowed down from a long list of candidates, with the industry voting for the overall winner (to be announced at the CASSIES in February). Read on to learn about how this year’s marketing shifts paid off. Tags: 2016 Marketer of the Year, Andrea Graham, BMO, Campbell Company of Canada, Christine Kalvenes, Connie Stefankiewicz, Dan Alvo, Ginette Harnois, Leon's, Moya Brown, Penningtons, PepsiCo Canada, Wrigley Canada Related Articles Young Lions registration opens Marketers of the Year: Christine Kalvenes snacks on a new market Marketers of the Year: Ginette Harnois won’t compromise Marketers of the Year: Andrea Graham’s goof-proof strategy Marketers of the Year: Bringing soup strategy to a boil Popular Recent Featured ICA calls for boycott of Toronto Zoo RFP JP Wiser’s moves to No Fixed Address Start! Stop! Change! Harley-Davidson picks new Canadian leadership Marketers of the Year: Christine Kalvenes snacks on a new market Careers » Screening Room » PC gets the country to #EatTogether Ontario goes hyperlocal with climate change fight WestJet brings a miracle to Fort McMurray Halifax Mooseheads highlight an up-and-comer Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Skin Care Products Market to Reach $179 Billion, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Jan 11, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, January 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, "Skin Care Products Market by Type and Geography: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022," projects that the global skin care products market would reach $179 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 4.7% from 2016 to 2022. In 2015, Asia-Pacific dominated the market and contributed more than 40% of the overall market revenue, followed by Europe. Continue Reading Allied Market Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) To view the report, visit the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/skin-care-products-market The skin care products market is poised to witness notable growth during the forecast period, owing to rise in awareness toward skin care and usage of advanced skin care products, changing lifestyle supported by increasing disposable income and urbanization, and the increasing popularity of organic skin care products. The face cream segment occupied dominant share of the skin care products market in 2015 and is expected to maintain this trend during the forecast period. Within the face cream segment, anti-aging cream and skin brightening creams collectively accounted for around 75% of the market revenue. The body care lotion segment held 41% market share of the global skin care products market in 2015.  "In skin care product market, the skin brightening creams has huge growth potential. Anti-aging cream and sun protection cream segments fuel the Asia-Pacific market due to the increase in aging population compared to developed countries. This segment is anticipated to witness high growth in the emerging countries," states Preeti Bisht, Research Analyst, Consumer Goods at AMR. Among various geographical regions, Asia-Pacific contributed the maximum revenue share in 2015 and is expected to maintain its lead throughout the forecast period. This could be attributed to changes in customer preferences, rise in consumer concerns towards personal appearance, and changes in lifestyle, primarily in the emerging markets, such as India, China, Japan, and South Korea. However, LAMEA is expected to attain the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Key findings of the study:  In 2015, face cream product type segment led the overall skincare market revenue, which is projected to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period Sun protection cream segment is expected to exhibit the fastest growth in face cream segment, owing to the increased demand from consumers as it acts as a protective layer when applied on the skin At present, Asia-Pacific leads the global skincare market and is expected to continue this trend throughout the forecast period owing to the swift change in consumer preferences. View all reports related to Personal care and cosmetic visit the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/consumer-goods/personal-care-and-cosmetic-market-report Key players in the market have adopted merger & acquisition, product launch, partnership, and geographical expansion as their key developmental strategies to provide their services in different geographies for business growth. The major players profiled in this report include Johnson & Johnson, The Estee Lauder Companies Inc., Unilever PLC, Avon Products Inc., L'Oréal S.A., Kao Corporation, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Shiseido Company, Beiersdorf AG, and Procter & Gamble. About Us:  Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Dhananjay Potle 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Int'l: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1-800-792-5285 Fax: +1-800-792-5285 Email: query@alliedmarketresearch.com Web: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/ SOURCE Allied Market Research Jan 12, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Organic Food and Beverages Market Expected to Reach $327,600 Million, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research Jan 11, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: Aquaculture Market Expected to Reach $242 Billion, Globally, by 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 12:00 ETBiometric Technology Market is Estimated to Generate $10.72... Jan 12, 2017, 11:45 ETYeast Extracts and Beta-Glucan Market Expected to Reach $1,061... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Skin Care Products Market to Reach $179 Billion, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research Jan 11, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved W+K Hires Anomaly Vet Ian Toombs as Executive Creative Director in Shanghai Advertisement NEXT:mcgarrybowen, Wiz Khalifa and Canada Dry Will Help You Chill the Hell Out PREVIOUS:Advocate Health Care Names Schafer Condon Carter as Agency of Record Revolving Door W+K Hires Anomaly Vet Ian Toombs as Executive Creative Director in Shanghai By Erik Oster on Jan. 11, 2017 - 11:19 AMComment W+K Shanghai has named Ian Toombs as its new executive creative director, replacing Yang Yeo, who is leaving the agency for personal reasons. In the role, Toombs will work closely with W+K Shanghai managing director Bryan Tilson. “We’re grateful to Yang for his creative leadership and dedication to transitioning his successor,” Tilson said in a statement. “The Wieden+Kennedy family wishes him all the best as he returns home to Singapore.” “We’re incredibly excited to have Ian joining W+K Shanghai. He’s a world-class creative leader with a strong design background and work that has a fresh, infectious energy and edge about it,” he added. “He’s exceptionally talented and we expect to see a new chapter of great creative work in China under his leadership.” Toombs joins W+K Shanghai following a lengthy sabbatical, during which he traveled the world (as one can see from his picture). He joined Anomaly as an art director back in 2006 and worked his way up to roles as executive creative director and head of design for Anomaly’s New York office before leaving the agency in July of 2014. During his time with Anomaly, he helped build the agency’s creative department from a team of five to over fifty. He has worked with brands including Budweiser, P&G, Google, Converse, Diesel, Captain Morgan,  Renaissance Hotels, Jawbone, The New Museum and The One Show. “I’m adventurous by nature, so the opportunity to lead the office of such a great creative agency in one of Asia’s most dynamic cities is a dream job for me,” Toombs said in a statement. “I’m looking forward to fully immersing myself in China’s vibrant and unique landscape of creativity and culture, furthering W+K’s legacy in China, and helping to redefine how a great creative agency operates in APAC.” Since opening in 2005, W+K Shanghai has grown to include a team of over 100. Over the past year, the office picked up clients including Corona, A-B InBev’s Hoegaarden, Mondelez’s Milka, Skullcandy and Net Dragon. It also attracted a fair bit of attention with its “The Next Wave” spot for Nike. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Marketing Supervisor i.d.e.a. San Diego, California Ad Operations Associate Priceline.com Norwalk, Connecticut, United States, 06854 Advertising Program Coordinator, Off Platform Advertising Cox Enterprises Fort Myers, Florida See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Cosmetics and Personal Care | Household, Consumer & Cosmetics | Surveys, Polls and Research Skin Care Products Market to Reach $179 Billion, Globally, by 2022 - Allied Market Research Download image PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, January 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, "Skin Care Products Market by Type and Geography: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022," projects that the global skin care products market would reach $179 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 4.7% from 2016 to 2022. In 2015, Asia-Pacific dominated the market and contributed more than 40% of the overall market revenue, followed by Europe.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) To view the report, visit the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/skin-care-products-market The skin care products market is poised to witness notable growth during the forecast period, owing to rise in awareness toward skin care and usage of advanced skin care products, changing lifestyle supported by increasing disposable income and urbanization, and the increasing popularity of organic skin care products. The face cream segment occupied dominant share of the skin care products market in 2015 and is expected to maintain this trend during the forecast period. Within the face cream segment, anti-aging cream and skin brightening creams collectively accounted for around 75% of the market revenue. The body care lotion segment held 41% market share of the global skin care products market in 2015.  "In skin care product market, the skin brightening creams has huge growth potential. Anti-aging cream and sun protection cream segments fuel the Asia-Pacific market due to the increase in aging population compared to developed countries. This segment is anticipated to witness high growth in the emerging countries," states Preeti Bisht, Research Analyst, Consumer Goods at AMR. Among various geographical regions, Asia-Pacific contributed the maximum revenue share in 2015 and is expected to maintain its lead throughout the forecast period. This could be attributed to changes in customer preferences, rise in consumer concerns towards personal appearance, and changes in lifestyle, primarily in the emerging markets, such as India, China, Japan, and South Korea. However, LAMEA is expected to attain the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Key findings of the study:  In 2015, face cream product type segment led the overall skincare market revenue, which is projected to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period Sun protection cream segment is expected to exhibit the fastest growth in face cream segment, owing to the increased demand from consumers as it acts as a protective layer when applied on the skin At present, Asia-Pacific leads the global skincare market and is expected to continue this trend throughout the forecast period owing to the swift change in consumer preferences. View all reports related to Personal care and cosmetic visit the website at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/consumer-goods/personal-care-and-cosmetic-market-report Key players in the market have adopted merger & acquisition, product launch, partnership, and geographical expansion as their key developmental strategies to provide their services in different geographies for business growth. The major players profiled in this report include Johnson & Johnson, The Estee Lauder Companies Inc., Unilever PLC, Avon Products Inc., L'Oréal S.A., Kao Corporation, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Shiseido Company, Beiersdorf AG, and Procter & Gamble. About Us:  Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Dhananjay Potle 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Int'l: +1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: +1-800-792-5285 Fax: +1-800-792-5285 Email: query@alliedmarketresearch.com Web: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/ SOURCE Allied Market Research More by this Source Biometric Technology Market is Estimated to Generate $10.72 Billion, Globally by 2022 - Allied Market Research 12 Jan, 2017, 17:00 GMT Yeast Extracts and Beta-Glucan Market Expected to Reach $1,061 Million by 2022, Globally - Allied Market Research 12 Jan, 2017, 16:45 GMT In Vitro Toxicity Testing Market is Expected to Reach $7,813 Million by 2022, Globally - Allied Market Research 12 Jan, 2017, 16:30 GMT View all news by Allied Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Cosmetics and Personal Care News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Jump to page content Accessibility Log in or Register for enhanced features | Forgotten Password? White Papers | Suppliers | Events | Report Store | Companies | Dining Club | Videos Oil & Gas Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage Power Generation Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind Power Distribution Utilities Network Utilities Retail Mining & Commodities Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels Clean Technology Digital Transformation Data-Driven Business Digital Protection Hybrid Agility Workplace Productivity Power Generation Wind ALL EBR | Wind Wind Home | News | White Papers | Suppliers | Companies Return to: EBR Home | Power Generation | Wind Select a Energy sector ------------------------ Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage ------------------------ Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind ------------------------ Utilities Network Utilities Retail ------------------------ Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels Wind News EDF Energies commissions 708MW of wind and solar projects in North America Published 11 January 2017 EDF Energies Nouvelles has commissioned four wind farms in the US with total installed capacity of over 708MW. In North America, the Group has also accelerated its solar energy expansion drive in 2016 with notably a new 150 MWac project in the United States. It contributes to the EDF Group’s CAP 2030 strategy which aims at doubling its renewable energy capacity by 2030. Four new wind energy projects in the United States A series of new projects entered service between December 2016 and January 2017 in the United States: -The Tyler Bluff (125.6 MW) and Salt Fork (174 MW) wind farms in northern Texas, -The Great Western wind farm (225 MW) in north-eastern Oklahoma, -The Kelly Creek wind farm (184 MW) in north-eastern Illinois. -Three of these projects are linked to the commitments made by large multinationals to reduce their carbon footprint, which represents a key sector driver in the United States: The majority (96 MW) of Tyler Bluff’s output is covered by an agreement with Procter & Gamble, allowing the Company to offset 100% of the electricity needed for all its North American based Fabric & Home Care plants. The Great Western project’s output is contracted to Google Inc. to supply renewable electricity to a nearby data centre. Salesforce entered into a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) covering part of the power generated by the Salt Fork project (24 MW). Resurgence in solar energy in North America EDF Energies Nouvelles has also signed a 20-year PPA with MCE (Marin Clean Energy) for the Desert Harvest (150 MWac) in southern California. In 2016, EDF Energies Nouvelles won 351 MWac in large-scale solar energy projects in Mexico and in the United States that are due to enter service by 2019. It has launched a drive to expand in the distributed solar market through the acquisition of Grosolar . Source: Company Press Release Share: Latest News New York awards $360m for 11 renewable energy projects Power Generation > Wind > News Tata Power commissions two renewable energy projects in India Power Generation > Wind > News EDF Energies commissions 708MW of wind and solar projects in North America Power Generation > Wind > News Suzlon wins 226.8MW order from IPP Company in India Power Generation > Wind > News UAE plans to invest $163bn in renewable energy projects Power Generation > Wind > News Related News Related Sectors Power Generation> Wind Related Dates 2017> January Related Industries Energy and Utilities> Power Generation> Renewables> Wind> Onshore Select a Energy sector ------------------------ Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage ------------------------ Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind ------------------------ Utilities Network Utilities Retail ------------------------ Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels Wind News Related Insight Suppliers Directory Spotlight Suppliers By Sector A-Z INTERTEC- Protecting Field-Based Equipment in Harsh Conditions for 50 Years INTERTEC offers a versatile range of solutions designed to protect field instrumentation in chemical and petrochemical plants, as well as other industries. Sensitive and valuable measuring and control instruments are reliably protected against freezing, excessive heat, corrosion and condensation. Power Generation > Wind > Suppliers PM Piping - Tailor Made Packages of Piping Materials The companies of the Project Materials Group supply steel products, especially piping materials, under the trading name PM Piping, to engineering contractors and operators in the oil, gas, energy, petrochemical and renewables industries. The organization operates in more than 40 countries across 5 continents. Power Generation > Wind > Suppliers Bronswerk Heat Transfer - Dynamic Heat Exchange Solutions Bronswerk® Heat Transfer (BHT) offers specialised knowledge of advanced processes and techniques for heat exchange systems. Since 1940, Bronswerk has designed, manufactured and supplied industrial (shell and tube) heat exchangers, cooling equipment, (A-frame) condensers, air cooled coolers (ACC) and fans for the industry. Power Generation > Wind > Suppliers Intergraph® Process, Power & Marine - Enterprise Engineering Software Soon to be known as Hexagon Process, Power & Marine, Intergraph® Process, Power & Marine is the leading global provider of engineering software for the design, construction and operation of plants, ships and offshore facilities. Power Generation > Wind > Suppliers Oil & Gas Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Refining & Petrochemicals Transportation & Storage Power Generation Biofuels & Biomass Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Nuclear Solar Wind Power Distribution Utilities Network Utilities Retail Mining & Commodities Carbon Coal Minerals & Materials Nuclear Fuels # ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ Wind Intelligence Latest White Papers Renewable Generation Integration Study by PLEXOS Published by Energy Exemplar Power Generation > Wind > White Papers Combining First Principle Models with MVA and DOE Published by CAMO Software Power Generation > Wind > White Papers eBook Meridian 2016 – What’s New Published by BlueCielo ECM Solutions Power Generation > Wind > White Papers Benefits of Chronological Optimization in Capacity Planning for Electricity Markets Published by Energy Exemplar Power Generation > Wind > White Papers About us Accessibility Advertise with us Contact us Help Privacy RSS feeds Site map Dining Club Browse By Sector Browse By Network Business Review Sites Mining & Commodities Oil & Gas Power Generation Power Distribution Biofuels & Biomass Carbon Coal Drilling & Production Exploration & Development Fossil Fuel Geothermal Hydro Minerals & Materials Nuclear Nuclear Fuels Refining & Petrochemicals Solar Transportation & Storage Utilities Network Utilities Retail Wind Auto Banking Clean Technology Drinks Energy Food Insurance Logistics Medical Devices Packaging Pharmaceutical Retail Technology Webinars © EBR 2017. Part of Progressive Trade Media Ltd.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Volumes jump at Gini Silk Mills counter Business Standard Market extends intraday gains Capital Market  January 11, 2017 Last Updated at 13:07 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USc3QS ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday low Sensex, Nifty trim gains after hitting highest level in more than a week Sensex, Nifty hit over one-week low Sensex, Nifty provisionally close with small losses Sensex, Nifty hit more than one-week low Key benchmark indices extended intraday gains and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 203.27 points or 0.76% at 27,102.83. The Nifty 50 index was up 76.45 points or 0.92% at 8,365.05. The Sensex was currently hovering above the psychological 27,000 level after crossing that level in early trade. The Sensex rose 209.91 points or 0.78% at the day's high of 27,109.47 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 78.88 points or 0.29% at the day's low of 26,978.44 in early trade. The Nifty rose 78.45 points or 0.95% at the day's high of 8,367.05 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 33.65 points or 0.4% at the day's low of 8,322.25 in early trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 1.04%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 1.01%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On the BSE, 1,669 shares rose and 897 shares declined. A total of 144 shares were unchanged. FMCG shares edged higher. Bajaj Corp (up 1.48%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.43%), Britannia Industries (up 1.14%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.12%), Nestle India (up 0.72%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.60%), Dabur India (up 0.54%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.08%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.03%) and Marico (up 0.02%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.14%) and Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.57%), edged lower. Metal shares were in demand. Jindal Steel & Power (up 11.22%), JSW Steel (up 6.45%), National Aluminium Company (up 5.96%), Bhushan Steel (up 5.74%), Steel Authority of India (up 5.58%), Hindalco Industries (up 5.36%), Tata Steel (up 3.69%), NMDC (up 2.61%), Hindustan Zinc (up 2.04%), Vedanta (up 1.85%) and Hindustan Copper (up 1.40%), edged higher. Meanwhile, copper price edged higher in the global commodities markets. High Grade Copper for March 2017 delivery was currently up 0.40% at $2.6230 per pound on the COMEX. Overseas, Asian stock indices edged higher tracking mostly positive closing on the Wall Street overnight. Japan's Nikkei 225 Average settled 0.33% higher. Japan's leading index strengthened to the highest level in 15 months in November, survey data from the Cabinet Office showed today, 11 January 2017. The leading index, which measures the future economic activity, rose to 102.7 in November from 100.8 in October. The coincident index improved to 115.1, from 113.5 in October. The coincident indicator reflects the current economic activity. US equities closed higher yesterday, 10 January 2017, as the Nasdaq composite notched a fresh record high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Sensex | Bse | Nifty PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Market extends intraday gains Key benchmark indices extended intraday gains and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 203.27 points or 0.76% at 27,102.83. The Nifty 50 index was up 76.45 points or 0.92% at 8,365.05. The Sensex was currently hovering above the psychological 27,000 level after crossing that level in early trade. Key benchmark indices extended intraday gains and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 203.27 points or 0.76% at 27,102.83. The Nifty 50 index was up 76.45 points or 0.92% at 8,365.05. The Sensex was currently hovering above the psychological 27,000 level after crossing that level in early trade. The Sensex rose 209.91 points or 0.78% at the day's high of 27,109.47 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 78.88 points or 0.29% at the day's low of 26,978.44 in early trade. The Nifty rose 78.45 points or 0.95% at the day's high of 8,367.05 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 33.65 points or 0.4% at the day's low of 8,322.25 in early trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 1.04%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 1.01%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On the BSE, 1,669 shares rose and 897 shares declined. A total of 144 shares were unchanged. FMCG shares edged higher. Bajaj Corp (up 1.48%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.43%), Britannia Industries (up 1.14%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.12%), Nestle India (up 0.72%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.60%), Dabur India (up 0.54%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.08%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.03%) and Marico (up 0.02%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.14%) and Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.57%), edged lower. Metal shares were in demand. Jindal Steel & Power (up 11.22%), JSW Steel (up 6.45%), National Aluminium Company (up 5.96%), Bhushan Steel (up 5.74%), Steel Authority of India (up 5.58%), Hindalco Industries (up 5.36%), Tata Steel (up 3.69%), NMDC (up 2.61%), Hindustan Zinc (up 2.04%), Vedanta (up 1.85%) and Hindustan Copper (up 1.40%), edged higher. Meanwhile, copper price edged higher in the global commodities markets. High Grade Copper for March 2017 delivery was currently up 0.40% at $2.6230 per pound on the COMEX. Overseas, Asian stock indices edged higher tracking mostly positive closing on the Wall Street overnight. Japan's Nikkei 225 Average settled 0.33% higher. Japan's leading index strengthened to the highest level in 15 months in November, survey data from the Cabinet Office showed today, 11 January 2017. The leading index, which measures the future economic activity, rose to 102.7 in November from 100.8 in October. The coincident index improved to 115.1, from 113.5 in October. The coincident indicator reflects the current economic activity. US equities closed higher yesterday, 10 January 2017, as the Nasdaq composite notched a fresh record high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market extends intraday gains Key benchmark indices extended intraday gains and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 203.27 points or 0.76% at 27,102.83. The Nifty 50 index was up 76.45 points or 0.92% at 8,365.05. The Sensex was currently hovering above the psychological 27,000 level after crossing that level in early trade. The Sensex rose 209.91 points or 0.78% at the day's high of 27,109.47 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 78.88 points or 0.29% at the day's low of 26,978.44 in early trade. The Nifty rose 78.45 points or 0.95% at the day's high of 8,367.05 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 11 November 2016. It rose 33.65 points or 0.4% at the day's low of 8,322.25 in early trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 1.04%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 1.01%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On the BSE, 1,669 shares rose and 897 shares declined. A total of 144 shares were unchanged. FMCG shares edged higher. Bajaj Corp (up 1.48%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.43%), Britannia Industries (up 1.14%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.12%), Nestle India (up 0.72%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.60%), Dabur India (up 0.54%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.08%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.03%) and Marico (up 0.02%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.14%) and Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.57%), edged lower. Metal shares were in demand. Jindal Steel & Power (up 11.22%), JSW Steel (up 6.45%), National Aluminium Company (up 5.96%), Bhushan Steel (up 5.74%), Steel Authority of India (up 5.58%), Hindalco Industries (up 5.36%), Tata Steel (up 3.69%), NMDC (up 2.61%), Hindustan Zinc (up 2.04%), Vedanta (up 1.85%) and Hindustan Copper (up 1.40%), edged higher. Meanwhile, copper price edged higher in the global commodities markets. High Grade Copper for March 2017 delivery was currently up 0.40% at $2.6230 per pound on the COMEX. Overseas, Asian stock indices edged higher tracking mostly positive closing on the Wall Street overnight. Japan's Nikkei 225 Average settled 0.33% higher. Japan's leading index strengthened to the highest level in 15 months in November, survey data from the Cabinet Office showed today, 11 January 2017. The leading index, which measures the future economic activity, rose to 102.7 in November from 100.8 in October. The coincident index improved to 115.1, from 113.5 in October. The coincident indicator reflects the current economic activity. US equities closed higher yesterday, 10 January 2017, as the Nasdaq composite notched a fresh record high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
KTN News KTN Home Radio Maisha SDE Evewoman The Nairobian uReport EPaper Corporate HOME KENYA WORLD BUSINESS OPINION SCI & TECH HEALTH Education SPORTS MAGAZINE ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyle Home Kenya Politics Central Coast Eastern Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western World Africa Asia America Europe Business Business News Business Beat Stocks Money & Careers Smart Harvest Sci & Tech Opinion Editorial Column Letters Commentary Madd Madd World Health Sports Entertainment Branding Voice Lifestyle Crazy World Wednesday Life Home & Away Smart Harvest Sunday Magazine Environment Generation Next Environment GE Reports Your are here  » Home   » Sci & Tech What is next for GE in 2017: Changing the game with a digital industrial strategy By Standard Reporter | Updated Wed, January 11th 2017 at 12:40 GMT +3 SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Every December, GE Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt hosts a meeting with analysts and investors to walk through the company’s strategy and financial goals for the upcoming year and review major wins from the past year. This year, Immelt discussed GE’s transformation into the world’s largest digital industrial company and his plans to lead the digitisation of industry and revolutionise how we make things by adopting 3D printing and other additive manufacturing technologies. Highlighting past achievements, Immelt pointed to plans to merge GE’s Oil & Gas unit with Baker Hughes to create Baker Hughes, a GE Company. “The Baker-Hughes deal makes us one of the three big players in oil and gas,” Immelt said. “This is a good deal for investors in the right time.” The combination will create a $32-billion fullstream oil services business — based on 2015 combined revenues — with operations in over 120 countries. He also noted that it’s been a year since GE’s acquisition of Alstom’s power and grid business — its largest single deal in history. He said that the integration of Alstom with GE’s energy businesses has already driven growth and synergies across the portfolio — on track with projections and growth targets. “Alstom and Baker Hughes are good deals and they add to the company strategically and financially,” Immelt said. In addition to Alstom and the Baker Hughes announcement, Immelt said that GE has continued to expand its digital and additive manufacturing capabilities — the two key technologies the company is using to unlock new ways of working with customers and suppliers. ALSO READ: The young interns of today are the business leaders of tomorrow DIGITISING INDUSTRY In early 2016, GE opened Predix — the operating system for the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) — to businesses and partners to develop software solutions for their own operations and customers. Internally the platform has saved about $500-million in services and manufacturing productivity across GE, Immelt said. Companies such as Exelon, University of California San Francisco, BP and Proctor & Gamble have started using data insights from Predix apps to increase efficiency and productivity. Overall, there are more than 20,000 developers working on Predix. For 2017, GE expects to grow the platform to 35,000 developers and continue to expand its digital capabilities. The company has acquired software companies such as Meridium, ServiceMax and Wise.io that bring together sensors, cloud-based algorithms and advanced field technology to help transform the way engineers and coders work together. BUILDING A $1-BILLION ADDITIVE BUSINESS Over the last few years, additive manufacturing has started changing the way we make things by bringing 3D printing from developing small-scale prototypes to industrial-strength products. Today, GE has deployed additive technology in factories around the world to manufacture parts for jet engines from GE Aviation, GE Power turbines and GE Oil & Gas machines. At GE’s Global Research Centre, GE has invested $1.5-billion to keep developing these new technologies. Immelt said that additive manufacturing was also a perfect example of the GE Store — the practice of sharing expertise and technology across GE’s business portfolio. That’s because additive development and production centres can work on different parts for different businesses at the same site and learn from the process. ALSO READ: Investing in Africa’s youth and developing their skills is the only way forward SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Do you have something to add to this story? Comment here. Branding Voice Economy, global brands to drive real estate in 2017 Conference tourism registers another good year Firms brace for rough ride in battle of the taxis RECOMMENDED Researchers leading way in the fight against HIV Dutch fruits ripened by software $20 million women’s health initiative kicks off with training in Nairobi A 10-hour work week? How robots can make us happy ADVERTISEMENT latest News Herders move to Uganda in search of water Tribunal gives direction on disclosing HIV status of patients Africa Cup of Nations: Sadio Mane nets as Senegal begin AFCON campaign with 2-0 win over Tunisia Starving nation: Horrifying face of misery as hunger and drought wreak havoc AFCON: Le Roy, man with Midas touch chasing Afcon glory MADRID LEGEND SHELL-SHOCKED: When non-verbal cues betrayed Gabonese coach Antonio Camacho TOAST OF KAKAMEGA: Akhonya wins maiden top prize at Standard County Golf Classic Why boxer Gicharu won’t turn pro Butali Warriors finish third at Africa Championship CHAMPIONS AGAIN: Kenya girls retain Africa hockey title as Police men’s team fall to Egyptians to finish second VIEW ALL ADVERTISEMENT Trending Now House help burns boss to death in Eldoret Herders move to Uganda in search of water Donald Trump shock for Kenya Why counties are stuck with errant doctors despite push to fire them Ghana’s Opposition leader elected president after three attempts, incumbent John Mahama concedes Uhuru woos India medical investors Governor Joho accuses President Uhuru of claiming credit for county-initiated projects KTN News Live Stream Entertainment News Foolish women rant about their men on social media Kisii guys are not stingy, we are just realistic 4 things to do when your friend becomes your boss Shameless politicians fan hate as toothless watchdogs watch Noamba bwana Aden Duale unisikize VIEW ALL Sci & Tech What is next for GE in 2017: Changing the game with a digital industrial strategy Samsung leader named a suspect in South Korea political probe   By Reuters   |   1 day ago Beijing sets 2017 air pollution goal at more than double WHO's acceptable standard Over one million Chinese-character domain names in use Airtel appoints Rajeev, as Chief Commercial Officer Be curious, be diligent, be good at what you do and you will be successful, says Shane Fitzsimons Saudi embrace of ride-hailing apps drives economic, social change VIEW ALL Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ADVERTISEMENT latest Jobs Sales Supervisor- Building Materials - Sunda International Sales Supervisor- Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) - Sunda International Sales Supervisor- Household & Hardware (HHMC) - Sunda International Business Development Program Manager, Executive Education [Strathmore University] Sales and Marketing Manager – Retail - Yilmaz Company Limited VIEW ALL Latest videos KTN NEWS / 7 hours ago Checkpoint: Full Interview with IEBC CEO Ezra Chiloba 15/1/2017 KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Bungoma family still hopes to find missing son since El-Adde attack KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Pain for dead KDF troops' families as number deployed soldiers unknown KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Biwott accuses Aden Duale of defaming retired president Moi News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Lifestyle Special Reports The Nairobian Entertainment Gossip Pulse The Nairobian Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery Crazy Monday More Sites Mobile Standard Digital Music Cars PDS Classifieds Buy Rent Kenya RSS Standard e-paper Jobs Games Corporate Other Links Tenders at Standard Group Contact Us Rate Card Vacancies at Standard Group Terms of Service Campus Vibe uReport DCX O.M. Portal RMS Corporate Email © Copyright 2017 - Standard Group Limited
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oleochemical Fatty Acids Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oleochemical Fatty Acids Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advanceme   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 11, 2017 ) The Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market is valued at $16.4 billion and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2014 and 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Whereas demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents acts as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favoring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oleochemical-fatty-acids-global-market-outlook-trends-forecast-and-opportunity-assessment-2014-2022 Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2013, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Oleochemicals fatty Acids market is segmented by product, by application and by geography. Depending on the products, the market is segmented into distilled fatty acids, stearic acid, polyunsaturated fatty acids, fractionated fatty acids, glycerin and fatty alcohols. Based on applications, market is categorized into food and beverages, pharmaceuticals and personal care, polymers, soaps and detergents. By geography, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World. Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117290/sample The key players in the Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market include Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Amyris, Emery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, Evonik Industries, Solazyme, Cargill Incorporated and Genomatica. What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 9.1 Arizona Chemical Company LLC 9.2 Amyris 9.3 Emery Oleochemicals 9.4 P&G Chemicals 9.5 Godrej Industries 9.6 Isosciences LLC 9.7 Evonik Industries 9.8 Solazyme 9.9 Cargill Incorporated 9.10 Genomatica Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117290/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Amazon Alexa moves outside the home Cross-media campaigns are more effective Trump endorsement raises questions Packaging design for purpose Ad industry seeks halt on EU restrictions Gen Z shapes Philippines but uncertainty reigns Ethnic beverages could pass colas View more news Super Bowl spending to hit new high 11 January 2017 NEW YORK: Advertising expenditure at this year's Super Bowl is expected to top the total spend during the whole of the 1960s, '70s and '80s, according to a new analysis by Advertising Age. The magazine projected spending on commercials during the 2017 game would reach a record $385m; by comparison, equivalent spending over the 22 years following the first Super Bowl in 1967 amounted to $299m; the cumulative total to date stands at $4.9bn. The cost of a 30-second slot on Fox, which is broadcasting this year's game, is put at $5m or more, far ahead of the $40,000 being charged ($240,000 adjusted for inflation) in Super Bowl I. Few ads have yet been released ahead of Super Bowl LI on February 5, but brands expected to be advertising include: Go Daddy, the web hosting company; Devour, the frozen food brand; Mars' confectionery brands Snickers and Skittles; Busch and Bud Light, AB InBev beer brands; automakers Audi, Honda, Kia and Lexus; Febreze and Mr Clean, the Procter & Gamble-owned household products; and Avocados from Mexico, the promotional body for the Mexican Hass Avocado Importers Association. Pepsi, meanwhile, has recruited Lady Gaga to headline its half-time show and the soft drinks brand will also be promoting its zero-sugar variant. Several high-profile advertisers of recent years have opted not to take part this time around, including automaker Toyota and snack brand Doritos. The latter has had a long run of success with its annual "Crash the Super Bowl" ads involving user-generated content, and which last year it extended beyond the event itself to create a platform where people could pitch ideas all year round. An analysis of Super Bowl content by Devra Pynes, VP/marketing & insights at Unruly, suggested that advertisers should avoid using celebrities, pre-launch the ad, promote the ad and trigger an emotion such as national pride or amazement. "Emotional intensity is the secret sauce to generating audience engagement and video sharing," she noted. Data sourced from Advertising Age, Adweek, CNBC; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: 10 content lessons from the Super Bowl What makes a winning Super Bowl ad? Frito-Lay - Crash the Super Bowl Doritos seeks "bold" brand continuity beyond Super Bowl spots Coke updates the Super Bowl advertising playbook Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Amazon Alexa moves outside the home Cross-media campaigns are more effective Trump endorsement raises questions Packaging design for purpose Ad industry seeks halt on EU restrictions Gen Z shapes Philippines but uncertainty reigns Ethnic beverages could pass colas View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 11:11 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US equities swing with dollar as bonds pull back Wednesday January 11, 2017 07:00 AM GMT+8 ICYMI After 4-0 crash, Guardiola concedes City no more in title chase The Edit: Priyanka Chopra thanks fans for support after fall Singapore ranks second among the world’s most ‘powerful’ passports The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the opening bell January 9, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Jan 11 — US stocks fluctuated with the dollar, while Treasuries retreated as post-US election asset moves stalled a day before Donald Trump is slated to hold a press conference that could provide detail on his policy preferences. The S&P 500 Index closed little changed, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell from session highs as investors prepared for the fourth-quarter earnings reporting season. The Russell 2000 Index of small caps advanced, halting a three-day slide. Treasuries edged lower, while the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index nudged higher after swinging around throughout the day. Gold jumped to a six-week high as copper surged with iron ore after Chinese producer prices climbed. Oil slipped below US$51 (RM228) a barrel in New York. Caution crept into financial markets as the euphoria over Trump’s perceived pro-growth policies faded with Congress holding confirmation hearings for his proposed cabinet members and the president-elect preparing to face the media for the first time since July. Delta Air Lines Inc. is slated to kick off the S&P 500 earnings season tomorrow, with analysts forecasting profits for companies in the index expanded by 3.8 per cent last quarter. The Chinese PPI data provided a silver lining, indicating the world’s second-largest economy is poised to export inflation around the world via its supply chains. “The uncertainty about Trump’s future plans for the economy is still high at present,” said Thu Lan Nguyen, a currency strategist in Frankfurt at Commerzbank AG. Stocks The S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.90 as of 4pm in New York, after erasing all of a 0.5 per cent advance. Healthcare and financial shares rose, while real estate and energy shares slumped. The Dow Jones Industrial Average hovered below 19,900, falling 0.2 per cent with Procter & Gamble Co. pacing declines in the 30-stock gauge. The Russell 2000 rebounded by one per cent to push its post-election gains back toward 15 per cent. The measure rose as much as 20 per cent in the months after Trump’s win. The FTSE 100 Index capped an 11th straight gain in its longest rally since 2011. The index has closed at all-time highs for a record nine straight days. Asian index futures signalled gains, with contracts on benchmarks in Japan, Australia, Hong Kong and South Korea rising by at least 0.1 per cent in most recent trade. Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose 0.1 per cent with the greenback enduring a choppy trading session against both the yen and euro. Japan’s currency added 0.3 per cent to 115.74 per US dollar, strengthening for a second day. The pound reaffirmed its position as the worst-performing Group-of-10 currency, touching its lowest level since Oct 25 before rebounding to trade little changed at 1.2174 per dollar. The MSCI Emerging Markets Currency Index rallied, adding 0.3 per cent. Commodities West Texas Intermediate crude dropped 2.2 per cent to a three-week low amid speculation US crude supply is rising just as the market weighs compliance by Opec on promised production cuts. Oil slipped to US$50.82 a barrel after sinking 3.8 per cent last session. Steel and iron ore futures surged to their daily limit in China amid more signs the government intends to squeeze excess capacity, and after the country’s factory-gate inflation reached the highest in five years. Gold futures added 0.1 per cent to settle at US$1,185.50 an ounce, the highest close since Nov 29. Demand is forecast to rise ahead of Chinese New Year. Bonds Yesterday’s US$24 billion three-year US bond sale drew the strongest investor appetite since August, with a gauge of demand known as the bid-to-cover ratio rising to 2.97. The yield was 1.472 per cent, the highest for an auction of the maturity since April 2010. Yields on 10-year Treasury notes rose by one basis point, or 0.01 percentage point, to 2.38 per cent, after falling five basis points on Monday. Bonds in core European countries were little changed, with the yield on 10-year bunds at 0.28 per cent. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sterling hammered on Brexit reports, Asia markets sink Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles US stocks little changed on mixed jobs report Second wind for US dollar before jobs undercuts bonds US stocks gain as yen, treasuries strengthen with gold Trump stock rally mostly benefiting the best-off, say analysts Wall Street treads water as investors await Fed decision Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Nasdaq hits record high 7:57 January 11, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk Jan. 11 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street gained as better-than-expected data from China underpinned optimism about the outlook as investors geared up for a fresh round of US corporate earnings. While you were sleeping: Nasdaq hits record high Jan. 11 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street gained as better-than-expected data from China underpinned optimism about the outlook as investors geared up for a fresh round of US corporate earnings. In 1.18pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.2 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 0.5 percent. In 1.03pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 0.4 percent. The Nasdaq touched a record high 5,564.25. “We’ve shifted from that exuberance post the election and the rotation into some of the sectors and now we are entering a wait-and-see mode with earnings knocking at the front door,” Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in News York, told Reuters. US banks JPMorgan, Bank of America and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report their latest quarterly earnings on Friday. “Earnings may be the pivot to move things higher,” Hogan noted. In the Dow, gains in shares of American Express and those of Caterpillar, recently up 2.5 percent and 2.2 percent respectively, outweighed falls in shares of IBM and those of Procter & Gamble, down 0.8 percent and 0.7 percent respectively. In the latest US economic data, the National Federation of Independent Business’s index climbed 7.4 points in December to 105.8, the highest in 12 years. “Rising confidence adds to the economy’s upward momentum,” Jim O’Sullivan, chief US economist at High Frequency Economics in Valhalla, New York, said in a note, Bloomberg reported. At the same time, the “NFIB membership appears to be disproportionately Republican, so it is possible that the data will start overstating strength, opposite the pattern during the Obama administration.” In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.1 percent advance from the previous close. France’s CAC 40 Index edged 0.01 percent higher, Germany’s DAX Index increased 0.2 percent, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 percent to close at a record high. Metals including copper and iron ore advanced after China’s producer price index climbed at the fastest pace in five years, exceeding expectations. The producer price index rose 5.5 percent in December from a year earlier, the most since September 2011, compared with a 3.3 percent increase in November, the National Statistics Bureau said. “Reflation continues in the factory sector,” Julia Wang, an economist at HSBC Holdings in Hong Kong, told Bloomberg. “The stable CPI suggests that the reflation is confined mostly in the industrial sector and hasn’t filtered into the real economy. So the PBOC would possibly not respond to it until inflation expands to the real economy.” (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news NZ lamb returns may be dented as kiwi rises Adshel NZ launches ethnicity targeting initiative Downer NZ boss Bruyn departs to head up Fulton Hogan NZ food prices dip in December Silver Fern Farms Annual Result Christchurch to Again Host Awards!!! UPDATE: Hellaby directors change tune Organised crime getting easy ride under National Rents leap to end 2016 on a record high White-capped albatross census at the Auckland Islands New year, new chance to turn the inequality tide Inequality has Kiwi families living in garages McCaw wedding coverage touted with hefty copyright warning First post-earthquake train runs from Blenheim Emirates to Add Croatia to Europe Network Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My stepfather left $1 million to strangers and dead people 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My brother is addicted to opiates and wants to set up an LLC to control our mother’s estate 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release New Market Research Report on Electric Shavers by Technavio By Published: Jan 10, 2017 11:23 a.m. ET Share LONDON, Jan 10, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Technavio analysts forecast the global electric shaver marketto grow at a CAGR of almost 4% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170110005555/en/ The research study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the global electric shavermarketfor 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, Technavio analysts use the revenue generated from the retail sale of electric shavers. The global electric shaver market is driven by the rising focus on personal grooming. The emphasis on clean-shaven look among men in urban areas and body hair removal among women is increasing the demand for electric shavers across the globe. The demand mainly arises from developed regions such as Europe and North America due to the wide acceptability of the product. However, the product is also gaining acceptance in other regions of the world with the increase in marketing activities by vendors and availability through online channels. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=55592 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio analysts highlight the following three factors that are contributing to the growth of the global electric shavermarket: Rising interest among men in grooming The transformation in the socio-economic scenario in major countries such as the US and the UK has led to an evolution in the concepts of beauty, wellness, and grooming. These ideas, which were traditionally considered female-centric, are becoming increasingly gender-neutral. People have become more confident about embracing their individuality. The millennials are less confined by traditional gender roles and conventional norms. Amber Chourasia, a lead health and wellnessanalyst at Technavio, says, “Marketers are capitalizing on this trend to gain market shares in the growing male grooming market. Globalization has led to the expansion of the highly educated and competitive elite class and upper middle class. The subsequent improvement in lifestyle has resulted in an increase in the demand for a range of premium grooming products such as electric shavers.” Large customer base in developing countries such as India and China China and India are populous countries with a population of 1.37 billion and 1.25 billion, respectively, in 2013. This has created a large customer base for male grooming products such as electric shavers. The millennial generation drives the growth of this market. In 2016, there were 385 million millennials in China, constituting more than 25% of the total population. The growing appearance conscious millennial generation, along with rising disposable income, has increased the demand for electric shavers. “Social media is one of the major influencers for millennials in terms of fashion and grooming. More than 50% of the millennial population in China and India are active social media users. Thus, an increase in marketing through social media is not only creating awareness among consumers but also persuading them to use grooming products for enhancing appearance,” adds Amber. Increased benefits provided by electric shavers Non-electric shavers have been in the market for a long time. However, they are increasingly replaced by electric shavers due to their advantages. Ease of use coupled with fast and effective results are some of the most important growth factors for electric shavers. They provide increased comfort and convenience while shaving since most products have flexible heads that can easily follow the contours of the face. A quality electric shaver causes little or no skin irritation and no bleeding during close shave, unlike razor blades. Products of well-established brands like Panasonic, Remington, Philips, and P&G are helping in achieving the desired results. With the pain of waxing and the unpleasant odor of hair removal creams, consumers are opting for electric shavers, which provide an easy option for removal of unwanted hair. Top vendors: Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights memberand access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like agricultural equipment, lab equipment, and outdoor gear. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170110005555/en/ SOURCE: Technavio Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World South Korea political crisis escalates as Samsung chief awaits fate 1484536015 World South Korea says securing THAAD location could be delayed 1484535447 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484535789 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484535652 World Japan firm under investigation after suicide of employee who worked 200 hours of overtime a month 1484535990 Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 Business Coty to buy majority stake in Younique for about $600 million mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:40 PM, January 10, 2017 Beauty products maker Coty Inc <COTY.N> said it would buy a 60 percent stake in privately held online cosmetics retailer Younique LLC for about $600 million as it reduces its dependence on its ailing fragrance business. Coty said it intends to buy the stake in Younique, through a combination of cash and debt. The deal is expected to immediately add to Coty's earnings in 2017. Younique also sells its cosmetics through individuals, known as 'presenters', who use social media and other direct selling methods to market the products. Coty has inked multiple deals, including the $12.5 billion acquisition of Procter & Gamble Co's <PG.N> specialty beauty business, which included brands such as Clairol and Wella. Younique is expected to generate revenue of about $400 million in 2016, Coty said on Tuesday. Coty had reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue in November, citing slowdown in demand for its fragrances and color cosmetics. The company had said this slump in revenue would continue in the current quarter. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Japan firm under investigation after suicide of employee who worked 200 hours of overtime a month Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' South Korea says securing THAAD location could be delayed Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency Business Japan firm under investigation after suicide of employee who worked 200 hours of overtime a month Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Caprylic Acid Market by Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Caprylic Acid Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 10, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Caprylic Acid Market is expected to reach $4.9 million by 2022. Increasing application scope in pharmaceutical industry and growing demand for organic personal care products are likely to drive demand over the forecast period. The factors that hinder the market are low raw material availability and increased application of caprylic acid may lead to health issues. North America is expected to observe major growth over the forecast period on account of the rising food & beverage and personal care segment. Europe is witnessing demand for the product through personal care sector and is expected to register considerable growth in the next 7 years. Asia Pacific region coupled with rising pharmaceutical research by industries is likely to open new opportunity for caprylic acid demand, which in turn is expected to propel production over the next seven years. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/caprylic-acid-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in the market include Vigon International Inc., Oleon, Wilmar International Ltd., Solazyme, VVF LLC, Hallstar, ChemCeed, Pacific Oleochemicals Sdn Bhd, P&G Chemicals, Acme Synthetic Chemicals, KLK Oleo, Ecogreen Oleochemicals, Forchem, Arizona Chemicals, Oxiteno, MeadWestVaco, Braido and CremerOleo. Applications Covered: - Food & beverage - Pharmaceutical - Personal care - Fragrance - Perfume - Sanitizer - Rubber and plastic - Grease - Lubricant - Others Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216345/sample 8 Company Profiling 8.1 Vigon International Inc. 8.2 Oleon 8.3 Wilmar International Ltd. 8.4 Solazyme 8.5 VVF LLC 8.6 Hallstar 8.7 ChemCeed 8.8 Pacific Oleochemicals Sdn Bhd 8.9 P&G Chemicals 8.10 Acme Synthetic Chemicals 8.11 KLK Oleo 8.12 Ecogreen Oleochemicals 8.13 Forchem 8.14 Arizona Chemicals 8.15 Oxiteno 8.16 MeadWestVaco 8.17 Braido 8.18 CremerOleo Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216345/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Pharmaceutical Excipients Market by Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Pharmaceutical Excipients Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 10, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Pharmaceutical Excipients Market is valued at $6.31 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $10.24 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.16% from 2015 to 2022. This market is mainly driven by the increasing demand for functional excipients from the pharmaceutical industry. Increasing demand of patent cliffs, growing demand of generics, and emergence of recent excipients are some of the key factors contributing the market growth. However, increasing quality compliance and regulatory requirements for excipient manufacturers are some of the restraints hampering the market growth. Also restricted number of the U.S. FDA approved manufacturing sites due to regulatory restrictions may also inhibit the market growth. Additionally, Adoption of modern science and reduced drug toxicity are the major challenges faced by the pharmaceutical Excipients Market. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/pharmaceutical-excipients-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 . Some of the key players in the market include Associated British Foods Plc, Croda International Plc, Evonik Industries Ag, Roquette, Colorcon, Inc., Huntsman Corporation, Eastman Chemical Company, Archer Daniels Midland Company (Adm), Lubrizol Corporation, Fmc Corporation, Avantor Performance Materials, Inc., The Dow Chemical Company, Ashland, Inc., P&G and Basf Se. Products Covered: - Inorganic Chemicals - Calcium Phosphates - Calcium Carbonate - Calcium Sulphate - Halites - Metallic Oxides - Organic Chemicals - Carbohydrates - Petrochemicals - Oleochemicals - Proteins Functionality Covered: - Fillers & Diluents - Binders - Suspension & Viscosity Agents - Coatings - Flavoring Agents - Disintegrants - Colorants - Lubricants & Glidants - Preservatives Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216358/sample . Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216358/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Growth In Caffeine Still Potent, But Potential For Buzz Kills Looms Motif Investing , Benzinga Contributor   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 10, 2017 9:29am   Comments Share: This article was orignially published by Motif Investing. A few years ago, something and a quarter would get you a decent cup of coffee. These days? Something and about 225 quarters will get you a share of Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX) or Dunkin Brands Group Inc (NASDAQ: DNKN). Even after throwing in another 20 quarters for a coffee, it’s still a pretty good deal. Long a breakfast afterthought, coffee has emerged as one of the strongest segments of the restaurant and dining industry over the last generation. It’s a $48 billion business in the U.S. alone, with more than half of that dedicated to specialty coffee. And there’s plenty of room for growth – about 500 million cups of coffee are served daily around the planet, meaning almost 7 billion people are grumpier than normal today. There are a number of factors driving coffee’s moment. People are developing a serious coffee habit at an earlier age; among 18- to 24-year-olds, daily consumption has risen to 36 percent, nearly triple the 13 percent who drank coffee in 2008. Millennials also spend about $80 per month on coffee, well above the U.S. average of $67. More than other sectors of the restaurant industry, coffee shops have been in the forefront of innovation, harnessing mobile apps to drive customer traffic. One in every 5 Starbucks customers pays with a mobile phone, and the company is taking 5 million mobile orders every month. And while the U.S. slowly shakes off the last effects of the 2008 economic collapse, coffee has been found to be fairly resistant to hard times, losing surprisingly little ground during the Great Recession. According to the International Coffee Organization, people shifted consumption patterns, drinking about the same amount of coffee, but brewing it at home and using less expensive brands to save money. Concentrated Industry Imagine the typical coffee outlet. It probably involves a barista with a man-bun and liberal arts graduate degree running high-end coffee bean through an Aviatore Veloce TurboJet 100 Coffee Maker, an intimidating piece of equipment that more resembles a jet engine than a Mr. Coffee, while folk music plays softly in the background of the indie coffee shop. But that’s your imagination; the reality is that coffee is a highly concentrated sector, with more than 60 percent of the U.S. retail market controlled by Starbucks or Dunkin’ Brands. The Seattle-based Starbucks is the undisputed leader in the business, with almost 15,000 stores in its Americas division, plus another 5,500 in China, Asia and the Pacific. The coffee boom has pushed its net revenues to $13.3 billion during the most recent year, a 21 percent increase since 2013. Its stock, which traded in the low $20s as little as five years ago, has been selling in the mid- to high $50s over the past year. On the other side of the country, Canton, Mass.-based Dunkin’ Brands has seen its revenues from coffee jump nearly 8 percent to $614 million over the past year. The company has 8,431 U.S. outlets – almost all franchises, and nearly double the 4,815 that it reported a decade ago. Like Starbucks, Dunkin’ stock has risen from the low $20s five years ago to the mid-$50s, although with considerably more volatility. If there’s a wild card in the coffee business at the moment, it’s the J M Smucker Co (NYSE: SJM), an Orrville, Ohio-based corporation better known for jellies and jams than coffee. In the depths of the economic collapse, however, the company bought Folgers coffee from Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG) for $2.95 billion. The acquisition has paid off with net sales of coffee increasing 8 percent last year, largely on the strength of single-serving pods sold under a Dunkin’ Donuts brand. Smucker also has taken aim at the growing Hispanic market, acquiring the 80-year-old Café Bustelo brand, as well as Café Pilon, both mainstays of south Florida’s Puerto Rican and Cuban coffee cultures. Investors may also want to be aware of a third player in the North American restaurant business – Restaurant Brands International, the Oakville, Ontario-based owner of Tim Hortons and Burger King that takes credit for selling 8 of every 10 cups of coffee poured in Canada. While the Canadian market may not be the world’s largest for coffee, Hortons has reached iconic status. Coffee is the most popular beverage in Canada, and the country leads the rest of the world in per-capita donut consumption; Hortons sells both. Strong Demand, Tight Supply Global demand for coffee is strong, no doubt; it’s the second most-traded commodity, trailing only oil. Investors need to be reminded that coffee is an agricultural commodity and that agricultural commodities are subject to extreme fluctuations in price. One of the most common maladies of coffee plants is a fungal disease known as coffee rust, which was first reported in East Africa in 1861. The disease initially causes defoliation, as well as death or yield reductions in subsequent years. A severe outbreak in Central America during the 2012-13 growing season dropped the harvest by 37 percent in El Salvador and 20 percent in Nicaragua. The outbreak cost growers more than $300 million. Another growing issue involves labor. Coffee is grown in a narrow belt between the Tropic of Cancer and Tropic of Capricorn, with about two-thirds of the harvest coming from four countries – Brazil, Vietnam, Colombia and Indonesia. A lack of workplace standards in many countries has led to poor housing conditions, low wages and child labor, even in places like Hawaii. Outrage over the poor working conditions has fueled the fair trade movement. While the movement has encouraged patronage from Millennials who frequently like making social statements with consumption patterns, the higher labor prices can cut into profits for coffee businesses. The biggest problem for coffee, however, may be unsolvable. Wild Arabica beans, which make up about 60 percent of coffee, could be extinct by 2080 because of climate change, according to a 2012 study released by the Royal Botanical Gardens, Kew. The amount of land that’s suitable for coffee could be cut by one-half as early as 2050, according to another study. This isn’t to say that coffee is a bad long-term investment; it’s a much sought-after product in a growing market. But investors should take a long view and be aware that coffee will always be a commodity that’s subject not just to the whims of the market, but also to the whims of nature. Posted-In: Motif InvestingEducation Commodities Topics Restaurants General © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (PG + DNKN) Jim Cramer On JPMorgan: Best Quarter Ever Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Dunkin Brands And STMicroelectronics 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Monday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 9, 2017 Jefferies' Recipe For Restaurant Investing In 2017 Meet This Year's Best Consumer Staples ETF View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 NFLX, GOOGL: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 GOOGL, KO: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPY, SPX: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 TNDM, PODD: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucos... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bi... 6 OAK, IBM: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubb... 7 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Tuesday Barracuda Networks Posts Solid Q3 Results; D.A. Davidson Upgrades
Coty to Enter into Partnership with Younique, a Leading Online Peer-to-Peer Social Selling Platform in Beauty January 10, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY) announced today that it has entered into a partnership with the Founders of Younique, a leading online peer-to-peer social selling platform in beauty. Under the proposed agreement, Coty intends to acquire 60% of Younique while the Founders will own the remaining 40%. Younique’s Founder and current CEO, Derek Maxfield, and Chief Visionary Officer, Melanie Huscroft, will continue to lead the business in the new partnership. Younique was founded in 2012 in the United States by siblings Derek Maxfield and Melanie Huscroft, with a mission to uplift, empower and validate women across the globe. Younique’s innovative makeup and skin care products are sold through its disruptive peer-to-peer e-commerce platform. This platform enables Younique’s community of independent presenters to leverage social media in marketing and distributing Younique’s line of innovative beauty products directly to consumers. Younique’s highly scalable technology platform is built for mobile-first e-commerce and seamless global expansion, with approximately 200,000 active presenters and over 4.1 million consumers in 10 countries, including the U.S., U.K., Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Germany, Mexico, France, Spain and Hong Kong. Younique expects to generate approximately $400 million in net revenues in 2016. This partnership will combine Younique’s high growth e-commerce platform and social selling direct-to-consumer business model with Coty’s beauty product R&D and innovation know-how, as well as its extensive manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. Together, Younique and Coty expect to accelerate the product offering and geographical expansion of Younique. Coty will acquire a 60% stake of Younique for approximately $600 million in cash which will be funded through a combination of cash on hand and available debt facilities with marginal impact on Coty’s leverage ratio. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close during Coty’s 2017 fiscal third quarter. The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Coty’s top-line growth, EBITDA margin and FY17 earnings. Camillo Pane, Coty’s Chief Executive Officer, said, “Derek and Melanie are tremendous entrepreneurs who have built one of the most engaging and fastest growing e-commerce companies in beauty. Alongside the rest of Younique’s team and in partnership with their presenters, they have been able to impact the lives of millions of consumers across a number of countries with a mission to uplift and empower women. We look forward to working with them to continue supporting this mission and building Younique into a leading global e-commerce beauty company.” Derek Maxfield, Younique’s CEO and Founder, said, “We are thrilled to have Coty as a partner and expect that together we will be able to take Younique to new heights. Coty and Younique share a passion for beauty, an entrepreneurial spirit, as well as complementary missions. I am very excited about this partnership and everything it can bring to Younique’s employees, presenters and loyal consumers across the world.” Younique will operate as a separate business within Coty’s Consumer Beauty division. It will continue to be led by its current CEO, Derek Maxfield, Chief Visionary Officer, Melanie Huscroft, and Younique’s management team, in partnership with Coty. Coty is proud to support the further advancement of the Younique Foundation and its mission to support and empower victims of sexual abuse and their families. About Coty Inc. Coty is one of the world’s largest beauty companies with approximately $9 billion in revenue, with a purpose to celebrate and liberate the diversity of consumers’ beauty. Its strong entrepreneurial heritage has created an iconic portfolio of leading beauty brands. Coty is the global leader in fragrance, a strong number two in professional salon hair color & styling, and number three in color cosmetics. Coty operates three divisions – Coty Consumer Beauty, which is focused on color cosmetics, retail hair coloring and styling products, body care and mass fragrances sold primarily in the mass retail channels with brands such as COVERGIRL, Max Factor and Rimmel; Coty Luxury, which is focused on prestige fragrances and skincare with brands such as Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, Hugo Boss, Gucci and philosophy; and Coty Professional Beauty, which is focused on servicing salon owners and professionals in both hair and nail, with brands such as Wella Professionals, Sebastian Professional and OPI. Coty has approximately 20,000 colleagues globally and its products are sold in over 130 countries. Coty and its brands are committed to a range of social causes as well as seeking to minimize its impact on the environment. For additional information about Coty Inc., please visit www.coty.com. About Younique Founded in 2012 by Derek Maxfield and Melanie Huscroft, Younique is a disruptive, peer-to-peer e-commerce platform that enables its community of independent presenters to leverage social media to market and distribute Younique’s line of innovative beauty products. Younique offers high-quality cosmetic and skin care products via its approximately 200,000 active presenters, selling in 10 countries. The company's product philosophy focuses on the intersection of science and nature to offer innovative and trend-leading products that support strong brand recognition with loyal presenters and consumers. Younique is a mission-first company, committed to uplifting, empowering and validating women everywhere. The company currently operates in the following markets: United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Spain, and Hong Kong. Younique is a high growth beauty business and expects to generate approximately $400 million in net revenues in 2016 with strong profitability. Discover more at: www.youniqueproducts.com Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this communication are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect Coty Inc.’s (“Coty’s”) current views with respect to, among other things, the future operations and financial performance of Younique and Coty, expected growth, Coty’s ability to support its planned business operations on a near- and long-term basis, the risks and rewards of a partnership with Younique, the ability to operate Younique as a separate business, the limited integration and synergies expected from the partnership with Younique, and expected EPS and margin accretion. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by words or phrases, such as “anticipate”, “estimate”, “plan”, “project”, “expect”, “believe”, “intend”, “foresee”, “forecast”, “will”, “may”, “should”, “outlook”, “continue”, “target”, “aim” and similar words or phrases. These statements are based on certain assumptions and estimates that Coty considers reasonable and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Coty, which could cause actual events or results to differ materially from such statements, including: Coty’s ability to achieve its global business strategy, compete effectively in the beauty industry and achieve the benefits contemplated by the partnership with Younique within the expected time frame; Inherent risks associated with joint ventures and partnerships, including relating to control and decision-making, compliance, financial accounting and tax considerations, transparency and customer relations; managerial, integration, operational, regulatory, legal and financial risks associated with acquisitions generally and the transaction with Younique specifically, including risks related to the entry into a new distribution channel, the potential for channel conflict, risks of retaining customers, Presenters and key employees, difficulties of integration (or the risks associated with limiting integration), risks related to regulation of multi-level marketing business models, ability to protect trademarks and brand names, litigation or investigations by governmental authorities; changes in law, regulations and policies that affect Coty’s or Younique’s business or products, including risk that direct selling laws and regulations may be modified, interpreted or enforced in a manner that results in a negative impact to Younique’s business model, revenue, sales force or business; Coty, its brand partners' and licensors' and Younique’s ability to obtain, maintain and protect the intellectual property rights, including trademarks, brand names and other intellectual property used in their respective businesses, products and software, and their abilities to protect their respective reputations; Risks to Coty and Younique of claims by third parties for infringement on intellectual property rights; Younique’s relationship with, and its ability to influence the actions of, its Presenters, as well as the potential for Presenters to violate applicable law or have their classification as independent contractors challenged; the integration of The Procter & Gamble Company’s (“P&G”) global fine fragrances, salon professional, cosmetics and retail hair color businesses, along with select hair styling brands with Coty’s business, operations and culture and the ability to realize synergies and other potential benefits within the time frames currently contemplated; Coty’s ability to successfully execute its announced intent to divest or discontinue non-strategic brands and to rationalize wholesale distribution by reducing the amount of product diversion to the value and mass channels; Coty’s and Younique’s ability to anticipate, gauge and respond to market trends and consumer preferences, which may change rapidly, and the market acceptance of new products; risks related to Coty’s and Younique’s international operations, including reputational, regulatory, economic and foreign political risks; dependence of Coty and Younique on certain licenses, entities performing outsourced functions and third-party suppliers, including third party software providers; administrative, development and other difficulties in meeting the expected timing of market expansions, product launches and marketing efforts; global political and/or economic uncertainties or disruptions; consolidation among retailers, shifts in consumers’ preferred distribution channels and other changes in the retail and wholesale environment in which Coty and Younique do business and sell their products; increased competition, including as a result of adoption by competitors of Coty’s or Younique’s technology and go-to-market strategies; disruptions in operations, including due to disruptions or consolidation in supply chain, manufacturing rights or information systems, labor disputes and natural disasters; increasing dependency on information technology and Coty's and Younique’s ability to protect against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, costs and timing of implementation and effectiveness of any upgrades to their respective information technology systems and failure by Coty or Younique to comply with any privacy or data security laws or to protect against theft of Presenter, customer, employee and corporate sensitive information; the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of Coty’s and Younique’s products; and other factors described elsewhere in this document and from time to time in documents that Coty files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect the Coty’s business and financial results is included under the heading “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Coty’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 and other periodic reports Coty has filed and may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. All forward-looking statements made in this communication are qualified by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this communication, and Coty does not undertake any obligation, other than as may be required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of events, unanticipated or otherwise, or changes in future operating results over time or otherwise. Contacts Coty Investor Relations Kevin Monaco, +1 212 389 6815 or Media Jennifer Friedman, +1 917 754 8399 Jennifer_Friedman@cotyinc.com Contacts Coty Investor Relations Kevin Monaco, +1 212 389 6815 or Media Jennifer Friedman, +1 917 754 8399 Jennifer_Friedman@cotyinc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The former Saatchi & Saatchi exec who resigned after making controversial comments about gender is now the chairman of a PR agency Lara O'Reilly Jan. 10, 2017, 8:05 AM 645 facebook linkedin twitter email print Kevin Roberts.Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images Kevin Roberts, the former executive chairman of advertising agency Saatchi & Saatchi who resigned from his role following controversial comments he made about gender in the advertising industry in an interview with Business Insider last year, has been hired by UK communications firm Beattie as its chairman. Roberts, who was also head coach of Saatchi's parent company Publicis Groupe, will be charged with coaching the senior Beattie team and helping the 30-year-old company grow internationally. Beattie is headquartered in London and has eight offices in the UK. It claims to be the biggest B2B PR agency and marketing consultancy in the country, projecting global group turnover of £50 million ($60.7 million) by 2020. The company, which also includes the Only agency, works with clients including Huggies, Seven Seas, La Redoute, and Porvair. Beattie says seven of the 10 members of its leadership team are women. In a press release, Beattie Group CEO Laurna Woods, said: "We are delighted to have recruited one of the world’s most inspirational business minds to help us expand in the UK, North America and Australasia." Roberts said in the release: "Beattie’s 2017 strategy is clear – recruit great people and open offices in line with client needs. We’re in for some exciting times as we build the Beattie and Only brands internationally." The former Saatchi executive resigned from his position in August days after he was placed "on leave of absence" by Publicis Groupe in response to the comments he made in an interview, suggesting that the debate about diversity in the advertising industry was "over" and that he spent "no time" thinking about the issue because the France-based holding company had a 50-50 gender split amongst all its staff.  His comments made headlines around the world and many senior executives in the advertising industry heaped their criticism on Roberts following the interview's publication. Publicis Groupe CEO Maurice Levy released a statement shortly after the article was published saying Roberts' comments were "unacceptable," while Saatchi & Saatchi CEO Robert Senior said Roberts' views were not the position of the agency and "the issue of gender diversity is not in any way over for our industry." In a statement announcing his resignation Roberts apologized that his "miscommunication" had caused offense. In a TV interview that aired in New Zealand in December, Roberts said his statements were misunderstood and were taken out of context. He also admitted his judgment had been "appalling" and he was "tired, fatigued, in the middle of interview number four and was not at my best. Fail." Roberts has also since become the chairman of another company, a New Zealand cricket app called CricHQ, in which he was also made a "seven-figure" investment, according to Stuff. Roberts began his advertising career in 1969 at Mary Quant cosmetics in the UK, where he was a brand manager. According to New York magazine, Roberts had persuaded management to hire him even though he had no experience by offering to work for six months at half-pay. From there he joined Gillette's marketing team, working on women's toiletries, before joining Procter & Gamble in 1975, where he spent seven years as chief of marketing for its Middle East division. It was there that he first got to know Saatchi, as the agency's client. He later went on to Pepsi in the Middle East before switching to become CEO of Pepsi Canada. After that he spent seven years as director and chief operating officer of the New Zealand brewery Lion Nathan before eventually joining Saatchi & Saatchi as global CEO in 1997. In 2015, his role changed to executive chairman of Saatchi & Saatchi and head coach at Publicis Groupe. The head coach role involved supporting the company's "P12" directors and helping the company with its recent restructuring. Outside his advertising job, Roberts is a business ambassador for the New Zealand United States Council and the chairman of the home-delivery service My Food Bag. He also teaches at the Judge Business School at Cambridge University. He has written three books: "64 Shots: Leadership in a Crazy World," "Peak Performance: Business Lessons from the World's Top Sporting Organizations," and "Lovemarks: the Future Beyond Brands." SEE ALSO: Saatchi & Saatchi chairman Kevin Roberts has resigned following his controversial gender diversity comments NOW WATCH: 6 'healthy' eating habits you are better off giving up Loading video... More: Saatchi & Saatchi Kevin Roberts Prime Beattie Group facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The former Saatchi & Saatchi exec who resigned after making controversial comments about gender is now the chairman of a PR agency The former Saatchi & Saatchi exec who resigned after making controversial comments about gender is now the chairman of a PR agency Kevin Roberts, the former executive chairman of... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Advertising Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Advertising Select Advertising: The Brief More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan The other Bansal bites the dust as Tiger takes firm hold of Flipkart The new man in the hot seat, Kalyan Krishnamurthy, now has the headache of battling a rampaging Amazon while building and sustaining consumer, investor, and employee confidence. He hasn't done too badly so far though. By Rajiv Rao for New Tech for Old India | January 10, 2017 -- 02:42 GMT (18:42 PST) | Topic: E-Commerce What a year it has been for Flipkart. Exactly one year ago, Flipkart co-founder Sachin Bansal stepped down as CEO of India's largest e-tailer Flipkart. He revealed, later on that year, that a series of missed targets cost him his job. Today, his namesake and co-founder Binny Bansal, who stepped into Sachin's shoes as CEO last January, has done exactly the same thing, and you can be sure that the company's grand overseer, majority owner Tiger Global Management, has ousted him for pretty much the same reasons. Replacing him as per the edicts of Lee Fixel -- grand poobah of Tiger who has apparently taken special interest in India -- is former Tiger executive Kalyan Krishnamurthy, who was injected into Flipkart around August last year along with the wonderfully cryptic title of Category Design Organisation. Latest news on Asia ​Samsung chief grilled for 22 hours as suspect in Korean presidential scandal ​Harman shareholders oppose Samsung deal in lawsuit: Report Samsung begins rolling out Android Nougat to Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge Samsung to release folding smartphone in Q3 2017: Report China runs checks on Bitcoin exchanges Some say that the die was cast right then as Krishnamurthy began to call the shots in earnest pretty much from the get-go, effectively sidelining Binny, and piloting the chariot headlong into the most critical sales event of the year during which companies make or break their numbers -- namely, the holiday festival period of Diwali. It was a critical period for the company that had been foundering badly on a number of fronts. At the time of Krishnamurthy joining Flipkart, Amazon was eating the Indian e-tailer's lunch. It was the only company to have gobbled up market share in the preceding year while Flipkart ceded ground. In what was a sizzling ecommerce market with huge headroom to grow, Flipkart's revenue growth had actually declined, while Amazon's was racing along at a 150 percent clip. None of this was helped by Amazon's announcement that Seattle was plonking another $3 billion into its Indian arm. This was all simply more chilli rubbed into recent wounds. For one, Flipkart had received significant valuation "haircuts" of up to 40 percent, which was widely reported and commented upon in the press and social media. This further strangulated its efforts to raise money. Somehow, everyone suddenly began to see that the emperor had no clothes; the company had been motoring along burning vast amounts of venture money in order to finance huge losses at the rate of tens of millions of dollars per month thanks to its sole reliance on gross merchandise value. Almost half of its goods sold were smartphones -- which meant that there was no attention paid to product diversity and therefore customer loyalty. Plus, in an act of sheer lunacy, it shut down its mobile and desktop website and put all its chips on an app-only strategy which it has now rescinded. Meanwhile, half of its much ballyhooed recent senior hires from Silicon Valley and McKinsey abandoned ship. The icing on the rotten cake was a publicly criticized attempt to delay the start dates of new hires from the country's best business schools. There was much housecleaning to be done if there was any hope of competing with a rampaging Amazon, and Krishnamurthy, who formerly worked with Procter & Gamble in a supply chain capacity and with eBay in finance before joining Tiger, was the one chosen to do so. Krishnamurthy's immediate and enormous challenge upon taking over was to best Amazon during the intense sales event of the year -- Diwali -- and he seemed to have delivered. Flipkart's sales of 15.5 million units outsold Amazon's 15 million units, generating gross sales of at least 3,000 crore rupees during its five-day flagship sale Big Billion Days (BBD), although it's anybody's guess as to who generated the greater net revenue, if at all. According to Mint, however, Flipkart was, by and large, comfortably ahead of Amazon in terms of sales. Considering its past woes and so-far anemic challenge to the Great White Shark from Seattle, this was probably enough to generate widespread euphoria within the company and amongst its investors, profits be damned (which, frankly, is still an unrealistic expectation for ecommerce in India). We will never probably know this anytime soon, but I imagine that both the co-founding Bansals are a little more than relieved to be handing over their baby to Tiger. Binny now becomes group chief executive -- although who knows what that really means since Krishnamurthy has sole operating control over the main company. Sachin remains executive chairman. Both Bansals should be proud that they successfully built Flipkart into the household name that it is today while making a gigantic pile of cash for themselves, which is no mean feat. More importantly, preserving that valuation and keeping pace with the Great White Shark is somebody else's headache. That somebody is now Krishnamurthy, who will soon find out how unforgiving oversights, slips, miscalculations, and errors can be in this cut-throat market, while his recent success has already become a faded, distant memory. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility ​Google Chrome gets Wayback Machine extension: End to the pain of 404 errors? E-Commerce Amazon plans to beef up to 280,000 employees, add 100,000 in next 18 months SMBs PayPal partners with Discover for tokenization services, in-store payments E-Commerce Alibaba wants to redefine offline-online retail space with Intime buyout × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go Home › Business › Business News Unilever chief for women's conference By Staff Reporter Published 10/01/2017 0 Comments Share Unilever chief for women's conference BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A US businesswoman who ran make-up brand Max Factor will address a major women's leadership conference in March. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/unilever-chief-for-womens-conference-35353529.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article35354820.ece/3377c/AUTOCROP/h342/p2%20pic%20story%20vasiliki%20petrou.jpg Email Vasiliki Petrou is Unilever executive vice-president of prestige brands, including REN Skincare and Dermalogica A US businesswoman who ran make-up brand Max Factor will address a major women's leadership conference in March. Vasiliki Petrou is now executive vice-president of prestige brands at Unilever. She will address the 10th Institute of Directors (IoD) Women's Leadership Conference on March 10. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Unilever now owns premium skincare brands REN Skincare, Kate Somerville Skincare, Dermalogica and Murad. Before joining Unilever, Ms Petrou worked for 16 years at consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble, where she was in charge of Max Factor. Ms Petrou said she looked forwared to celebrating female business leaders at the event. The Women's Leadership Conference takes place at Titanic Belfast. Belfast Telegraph Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Inequality more shocking than ever, world leaders warned ahead of talks  Growing inequality means a group of men that could easily fit into one golf buggy own the same wealth as half the world, campaigners have warned world leaders gathering for talks in Switzerland. Couple launch crowdfunding campaign to set up energy firm  A couple fed up with the performance of energy suppliers are launching a crowdfunding campaign to start their own company. Talks held in bid to resolve Fujitsu pay, pensions and jobs dispute  Talks will be held this week in a bid to resolve a long-running dispute on pay, pensions and job security at Fujitsu. Leading employers for graduates 'offering starting salaries of up to £45,000'  Some of the country's leading employers for university leavers are offering graduate starting salaries of up to £45,000, a report has found. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Property tycoon Michael Taggart facing bankruptcy after losing legal battle  Business News Rolls-Royce Motor Cars not seeking assurances after Brexit vote, says chief  Business News Struggling pound brings sales boost for Primark  Business News AIG puts the feelers out over possible Dublin switch  Business News Ex-Co-op Bank boss Paul Flowers removed from roll of church ministers  Business News Family's fury that Conor Murphy may replace McGuinness  Northern Ireland Living in a 280-year-old cottage with no running water, electricity, TV or phone - meet...  Features Sheep attack shepherd in Germany [Video]  Offbeat Watch: Beautiful video of Tyrone groom singing his bride up the aisle gets 10 million...  Video News Paul Givan reveals plans for Northern Ireland community halls to receive £2m...  Northern Ireland We must reject the politics of hatred and spite to move forward Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next? Brilliant, fascinating and complicated - Molly Keane and the Anglo Irish world that proved her inspiration Victoria Beckham 'launches legal action over Spice Girls reunion' NI groom singing bride up aisle gets 10m views NI restaurant shock after family leaves £1,000 tip Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's for Dsqo [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Villa for Fat Wednesdays [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland David Ervine's sister-in-law Linda hits out at DUP diehards over attitude to Irish language  Northern Ireland Irish 'toilet' tattoo divides internet  Food and Drink Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next?  Offbeat Fox frozen in block of ice after falling into Danube  Northern Ireland Poll: Would you support joint authority for Republic of Ireland and UK governments over Northern Ireland...  News Newsreader throws tantrum over colleague's dress  Northern Ireland Foster reveals social media death threat to cut her head off  Technology WhatsApp backdoor means messages can be intercepted  World Teenager crowdfunds $12,500 after parents 'no longer support her' due to black boyfriend  News Martin McGuinness, from IRA man to minister - his journey in pictures [Photos]  Northern Ireland Brrr! Snow sweeps across NI - send us your pictures  Northern Ireland Belfast mum and dad shot for refusing to hand son over to republican paramilitaries  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland developer building homes without planning permission  Northern Ireland You won't stop me digging: BBC's Nolan tells DUP  Food and Drink 9 best breakfasts to cure hangovers  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News U.S. charges Volkswagen executive with fraud over emissions scandal Auto executives, with eye on Trump, highlight U.S. investments Business Standard Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; Nasdaq boosted by health stocks Reuters  January 10, 2017 Last Updated at 01:48 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USbZYB ALSO READ Oil majors drag down S&P, Dow; tech stocks boost Nasdaq Dow flat as oil skids; S&P, Nasdaq boosted by health Dow, S&P gain on oil rally; tech stocks weigh on Nasdaq Oil drags on Dow, S&P; Nasdaq boosted by Applied Materials S&P, Dow eye record; techs boost Nasdaq to all-time high By Sinead Carew (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. The S&P's energy sector <.SPNY> dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. [O/R] Investors were taking a breather ahead of the fourth-quarter earnings season and the next U.S. President's administration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump who has promised tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus. "We're waiting for the roll-out of earnings and the initial forays of the Trump administration," Stephen Massocca, chief investment officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "I don't see significant moves in the market until those events unwind." The financial sector <.SPSY> was down 0.6 percent on Monday. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop was the Dow's biggest drag. Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline and a 1.2 percent drop in Chevron were also big weights. The Dow came tantalisingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 2:53 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> was down 59.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,904.71, the S&P 500 <.SPX> had lost 6.5 points, or 0.285466 percent, to 2,270.48 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> had added 10.94 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,531.99. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector <.SPXHC> was the biggest gainer helped by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Nasdaq was boosted most by healthcare stocks, led by Incyte's 19.9 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program. [L1N1EZ0PH] The consumer staples sector was down 0.6 percent with P&G and Coca-Cola among the biggest drags after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stocks to "sell." Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda <4502.T>. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.3 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.37-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 53 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Stocks | Dow Jones | Nasdaq | Oil PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; Nasdaq boosted by health stocks (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. By Sinead Carew (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. The S&P's energy sector <.SPNY> dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. [O/R] Investors were taking a breather ahead of the fourth-quarter earnings season and the next U.S. President's administration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump who has promised tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus. "We're waiting for the roll-out of earnings and the initial forays of the Trump administration," Stephen Massocca, chief investment officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "I don't see significant moves in the market until those events unwind." The financial sector <.SPSY> was down 0.6 percent on Monday. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop was the Dow's biggest drag. Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline and a 1.2 percent drop in Chevron were also big weights. The Dow came tantalisingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 2:53 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> was down 59.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,904.71, the S&P 500 <.SPX> had lost 6.5 points, or 0.285466 percent, to 2,270.48 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> had added 10.94 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,531.99. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector <.SPXHC> was the biggest gainer helped by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Nasdaq was boosted most by healthcare stocks, led by Incyte's 19.9 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program. [L1N1EZ0PH] The consumer staples sector was down 0.6 percent with P&G and Coca-Cola among the biggest drags after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stocks to "sell." Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda <4502.T>. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.3 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.37-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 53 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; Nasdaq boosted by health stocks By Sinead Carew (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. The S&P's energy sector <.SPNY> dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. [O/R] Investors were taking a breather ahead of the fourth-quarter earnings season and the next U.S. President's administration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump who has promised tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus. "We're waiting for the roll-out of earnings and the initial forays of the Trump administration," Stephen Massocca, chief investment officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "I don't see significant moves in the market until those events unwind." The financial sector <.SPSY> was down 0.6 percent on Monday. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop was the Dow's biggest drag. Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline and a 1.2 percent drop in Chevron were also big weights. The Dow came tantalisingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 2:53 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> was down 59.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,904.71, the S&P 500 <.SPX> had lost 6.5 points, or 0.285466 percent, to 2,270.48 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> had added 10.94 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,531.99. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector <.SPXHC> was the biggest gainer helped by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Nasdaq was boosted most by healthcare stocks, led by Incyte's 19.9 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program. [L1N1EZ0PH] The consumer staples sector was down 0.6 percent with P&G and Coca-Cola among the biggest drags after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stocks to "sell." Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda <4502.T>. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.3 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.37-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 53 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Marketing Media Money Here's what you can expect from advertisers at this year's Super Bowl Lucy Handley, special to CNBC Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 | 10:39 AM ET SHARES With under a month to go until the Super Bowl on February 5, CNBC takes a look some of the brands involved in one of sport's most commercial ventures. Last year's broadcaster CBS was said to be charging $5 million for a 30-second advertising slot during the event, according to CBS president and CEO Leslie Moonves speaking on a quarterly earnings call in August 2015, while this year's broadcaster Fox is thought to be pushing for more than $5 million according to a source cited by Variety. So those running ads are already promoting their activity to get the most from their ad dollars. GoDaddy Web hosting company GoDaddy, which opted not to advertise during last year's Super Bowl, is coming back in 2017 with a product launch ad, which will blend "iconic images and humor," according to a release posted online. "This is more than a simple brand play. This year, we're going to take viewers on a fun ride that engages them around our latest product," said Chief Marketing Officer Barb Rechterman. It hasn't yet released its commercial, but it has previously attracted controversy, having pulled its 2015 spot featuring a cute puppy whose owner had planned to sell it online. The Kraft Heinz Company - Devour Frozen food brand Devour is to advertise "during an extremely high profile sporting event this February," according to a post on the Devour Bowl website. Brands are wary of using the term Super Bowl, because rights owner NFL fiercely protects the name, so they use terms like "the biggest football event of the year," as Kraft Heinz has done. Devour is looking for a "regular guy" to star in its halftime ad, which is set to air on a channel other than Fox, according to a spokesperson. AB InBev – Bud Light and Busch AB InBev's Bud Light is the official beer of the NFL, in a deal that's worth a reported $1.2 billion and continues until 2022. It's making its sponsorship pay, with a gold can promotion where one fan will win five decades worth of Super Bowl tickets. The brewer hasn't revealed its plans for Bud Light advertising, however it will be promoting sister beer Busch – a value brand – at the event, according to reports. Pepsi Lady Gaga will headline Pepsi's halftime show, her second performance at the event after she sang the national anthem in 2016. The soft drinks brand will promote its zero sugar variant during the show, and has launched a competition for fans to be special guests at the show. Pepsi hasn't yet released its ad, but last year's debuted online three days before the event, so watch this space. Avocados from Mexico The avocado brand claims on its website to be the first fresh produce company to "run a big game TV ad" (aka a Super Bowl spot) which it did in 2015 featuring former NFL players Doug Flutie and Jerry Rice. Last year, it ran an ad featuring aliens looking at strange wonders from planet Earth, such as Rubik's cubes, airplanes and emojis, as well as guacamole made from Avocados from Mexico. This year the company says it will focus on a health message, according to an online statement – and arguably it has a job to do to explain the benefits of avocados' good - or monounsaturated - fat. Audi The car manufacturer confirmed to CNBC.com by email that it is to advertise during the Super Bowl this year, but no further information is available at this stage. In 2016, it used David Bowie's "Starman" as a soundtrack to its "Commander" spot featuring a retired astronaut and its 205 mph R8 V10 model, but did not run any advertising during 2015's big game. While it used last week's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas to announce the development of a self-driving car, it is more likely to promote a specific model at the Super Bowl. It is currently highlighting its 2017 A4 Allroad model on YouTube. Febreze and Mr Clean Procter and Gamble rocked the Super Bowl in 2015 with its "#LikeAGirl" ad for Always, a one-minute version of a three-minute ad that has been watched more than 63 million times. This year, it's the turn of cleaning products Febreze and Mr Clean, both of which are slated for 30-second spots, according to a spokesperson for the brand who CNBC.com contacted by email. Clarification: This story has been updated since first published following clarification from Devour. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.
