Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Procter & Gamble Company Could this consumer staple giant really be in for a long, slow decline? There's a good argument it is. Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Mar 21, 2017 at 10:00AM Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) is a stalwart of the stock market and is often cited as one of the market's best dividend aristocrats. Its consumer staple business is at the foundation of a dividend that's been paid to investors for 126 straight years and increased each of the last 60.  However, business has changed a lot in the last decade, and P&G has seen a slow decline in operating results. What's driving that decline and the changing face of retail may be bigger concerns than investors are currently pricing into the stock.  Image source: Getty Images. A consumer goods powerhouse with dwindling power P&G has long been a powerhouse in the consumer staple business. Its power wasn't because it had better products than competitors, necessarily, it was because it commanded so much shelf space and marketing power that it could crush smaller competitors. There's a reason Tide takes up so much space on store shelves with different scents and formulations; Procter & Gamble wants to crowd out everyone else, and it uses its size to do so.  The problem is that retail is rapidly changing in ways that erode P&G's power in the market. Today, you can buy shavers, socks, underwear, diapers, toothpaste, and even toilet paper directly from the manufacturer or product companies. And they'll deliver it straight to your door.  This essentially levels the playing field in retail and allows small, innovative product companies to compete with the big guys. I recently highlighted how this is an impossible battle against the internet that retailers may only be able to delay, not stop entirely. And it's affecting Procter & Gamble's financial results already.  How competition hits P&G's results The competition will eat away at P&G's results in two ways: through taking revenue and eating away at margins. You can see the trend of both below (partly affected by divestitures hurting revenue).  PG Revenue (TTM) data by YCharts. Unless something changes, I think this trend will continue. P&G will have a hard time growing in a market that's already saturated with its products and is seeing new competition from smaller, more innovative businesses. And with distribution muscle losing its power in the age of the internet, the company may be in for a long, slow decline.  The dividend payout could be in trouble long term A lot of investors buy P&G's stock for its dividend. And when you consider the fact that the business in general is in decline, that dividend could be in trouble. The chart below shows the company's net income, dividends paid, and money spent on share buybacks. You can see that if it weren't for a one-time gain of $5.3 billion last quarter on the sale of its beauty brands business, the company would be spending more on dividends and buybacks than it makes in net income.  PG Net Income (TTM) data by YCharts. Eventually, either net income has to improve, or the money being returned to shareholders has to come down. And if the business overall is in decline, the dividend investors have gotten for 126 straight years -- and that has increased for 60 straight years -- could be in a bit of trouble.  There's more to worry about than the market thinks Despite the challenges I've outlined, the market doesn't seem to be very worried about the stock. Shares trade at 24 times current year earnings estimates, higher than the 21 P/E ratio for the Dow Industrials Index as a whole. As the distribution power the company was built on subsides, there may be more to worry about than investors are currently pricing into the stock.  Travis Hoium owns shares of Procter and Gamble. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Travis Hoium has been writing for fool.com since July 2010 and covers the solar industry, renewable energy, and gaming stocks among other things. Follow @TravisHoium Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 10:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.99 no change (0.00%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc Procter & Gamble Co. Earnings Give Investors Something to Celebrate Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Procter & Gamble Company @themotleyfool #stocks $PG
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer Pune, India - March 20, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022" To Its Research Database Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Procter & Gamble L'Oreal Unilever Taisho Henkel Merck Shiseido Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Rohto Lifes2Good Gerolymatos International Toppik Nanogen Oxford BioLabs Ltd. Ultrax Labs Avalon Natural Products Bayer Pharma Medico Kirkland Signature Phyto Ales Group Amplixin Kerafiber Phyto Keranique DS Healthcare Group Kaminomoto Softto Bawang Zhang Guang Hairmax Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1032795-global-hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-sales-market-report-2017 Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (volume), revenue (value), market share and growth rate of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume, revenue, product price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Hair Loss and Growth Devices Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products for each application, including Homecare Hair Loss Treatment Clinic Other Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1032795-global-hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Market Report 2017 1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products 1.2 Classification of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Hair Loss and Growth Devices 1.2.4 Shampoos and Conditioners 1.2.5 Medicine Product 1.3 Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Homecare 1.3.3 Hair Loss Treatment Clinic 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) ... 9 Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Procter & Gamble 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Procter & Gamble Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 L'Oreal 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 L'Oreal Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Unilever 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Unilever Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Taisho 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Taisho Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Henkel 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Henkel Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 Merck 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 Merck Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Shiseido 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 Shiseido Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 Rohto 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B 9.9.3 Rohto Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 Lifes2Good 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Product A 9.10.2.2 Product B 9.10.3 Lifes2Good Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 Gerolymatos International 9.12 Toppik 9.13 Nanogen 9.14 Oxford BioLabs Ltd. 9.15 Ultrax Labs 9.16 Avalon Natural Products 9.17 Bayer 9.18 Pharma Medico 9.19 Kirkland Signature 9.20 Phyto Ales Group 9.21 Amplixin 9.22 Kerafiber 9.23 Phyto 9.24 Keranique 9.25 DS Healthcare Group 9.26 Kaminomoto 9.27 Softto 9.28 Bawang 9.29 Zhang Guang 9.30 Hairmax Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1032795 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/176227 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1032795-global-hair-loss-growth-treatments-and-products-sales-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 176227 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy in March Looking to add income-generating stocks to your portfolio? PepsiCo, VF Corporation, and Procter & Gamble should be on your list. Keith Noonan, Dan Caplinger, and Jason Hall (keithnoonan) Mar 21, 2017 at 5:46PM Dividend-paying stocks offer ways to generate income and insulate your portfolio in the event of market downturn, but it's generally a good idea to look for stocks that offer reliable payment increases in addition to sizable yields. Among the most reliable dividend increases are the "Dividend Aristocrats" -- members of the S&P 500 index that have delivered at least 25 years of consecutive payout growth. To highlight some of the best investment options out of the 51 stocks that satisfy those criteria, we asked three Motley Fool writers to profile a top Dividend Aristocrat stock to buy this month. Here's why PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP), VF Corporation (NYSE:VFC), and Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) made the list. Image source: Getty Images. Raise a glass to this food and beverage giant Dan Caplinger (PepsiCo): PepsiCo caters to two basic needs that consumers across the globe have: food and drink. Yet the company has put together an impressive record of dividend growth by going beyond the basics to innovate and become a leader in the food and beverage industry using the full power of its Pepsi soft drink line, Frito-Lay snack division, and other key franchises. CEO Indra Nooyi and her team were among the first to see the shift toward healthier snack and drink options, and PepsiCo responded with new product lines and new options within existing, well-known brand favorites to try to keep customers satisfied despite their changing tastes. At a time when its competitors are struggling with backlash against perceived unhealthy sugary soft drinks, PepsiCo remains well ahead of the curve. PepsiCo has a reasonably strong dividend yield of 2.7%, but what truly stands out is its track record of boosting its dividend each and every year for 44 straight years. That's what qualifies the company as a Dividend Aristocrat, and the most recent 7% dividend increase came last June. That makes now a good time to consider PepsiCo for your income-investment portfolio, especially in light of the likelihood that a 45th consecutive annual dividend increase is likely on its way in the next couple of months. A great company going through a rough spell  Jason Hall (VF Corporation): Over the past couple of years, VF Corp. has seen years of steady growth come to a halt. 2016 revenues were $12 billion, essentially the same as the year before, while operating income and profits actually declined. So, why buy a company that's seeing sales stagnate and profits go backward? Because VF is an excellent company that's already made changes to strengthen its business, while continuing to own a collection of powerful brands that have proven the ability to outlast fashion trends. Last year, VF sold off a handful of its smaller contemporary brands that it has struggled to grow, freeing up resources it can dedicate to its more proven businesses. This is exactly the kind of move investors should like to see in a company that's renowned for its focus on costs and leveraging its best assets.  Looking ahead, 2017 isn't likely to be much better than 2016, but the long term looks really solid. The U.S. economy is in good shape, and the opportunity for international growth remains very strong. And trading at around 17 times next year's earnings, VF's stock is a pretty good deal right now. Add in a 2.9% yield on its dividend, and the expectation that the company should be able to continue expanding it for years to come, and now's a good time to invest in this great company.  A consumer goods stalwart Keith Noonan (Procter & Gamble): With a reputation for being a relatively safe, low-growth stock even among the list of Dividend Aristocrats, Procter & Gamble might not be an exciting pick, but the company has a great dividend profile and avenues to substantial payout increases down the line. It's true that the company's last increase boosted its dividend by just 1%, and a payout ratio of nearly 70% suggests a potential obstacle to big raises, but there are signs that its sales trajectory is turning around, and margins should continue to improve. The company is guiding for organic sales growth between 2% and 3% this year, and earnings and free cash flow should see tailwinds as the company cuts down on expenses and moves forward with a more favorable product mix. Looking ahead, the company anticipates that it can save roughly $2 billion annually over the next five years by reducing non-manufacturing overhead and the cost of goods sold. Procter & Gamble's moat is its brand strength, and it owns and manufactures some of the most well-known consumer goods brands on the planet -- including Crest toothpaste, Tide laundry detergent, and Gillette razors. The company has 23 brands that generate more than $1 billion in annual retail sales, and recent divestiture from lagging products is helping to improve overall profitability.  P&G yields 2.9%, and the company has raised its payout for 60 years running. With the company expected to announce a payout increase in April and strong long-term prospects for its business, March looks like a great time to buy P&G stock.   Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jason Hall has no position in any stocks mentioned. Keith Noonan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends PepsiCo. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Noonan, Dan Caplinger, and Jason Hall (keithnoonan) Keith Noonan covers technology, entertainment, and other fields. You can follow him on Twitter by clicking the button below: Follow @TweethNoonan Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 5:46PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.99 no change (0.00%) VF NYSE:VFC $53.09 no change (0.00%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $112.02 no change (0.00%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Procter & Gamble Company Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS FMCG LATEST NEWS Terrorist was known to spies: British PM Theresa May Muslims should support construction of Ram temple: Subramanian Swamy Bengal Congress to boycott Kapil Sibal, Abhishek Singvi for fighting Narada case for Trinamool Yogi Adityanath as CM a step towards Hindu Rashtra: CPI-M "What a mad world" says minister who tried to save wounded officer in parliament Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh defends milk price hike, says move to benefit farmers Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportTechTelecom DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco ET Home›Industry›Cons. Products›FMCG 04:05 PM | 23 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,332164.48 NIFTY 50 9,08655.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,875-10.00 USD/INR 65.530.09 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 164 pts; Nifty50 tops 9,080; Tata Motors gains 3% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW HUL, P&G, Nirma lose market share to small local brands By Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau | Updated: Mar 22, 2017, 01.27 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Wheel | Washing powder market | washing powder | P&G | Nirma | HUL Hand-washing remains the most prevalent mode of linen-wash in India, particularly in rural parts of the country, with these products accounting for a 74% share of laundry-care sales. Company Summary NSE BSE Nirma Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES HUL Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 MUMBAI: India is washing its dirty linen all right, but is increasingly less public about it. In 2016, listed laundry behemoths Hindustan Unilever and Procter & Gamble either lost market share to regional and local brands or showed signs of fatigue: From the standpoint of market-share gains, the year wasn’t the very best either for Nirma — the original local challenger to the transnational detergents brands. Data from market researcher Euromonitor show that homegrown brands such as Ghari, smaller private labels, and other regional players together gained about 100 basis points (bps) in the Rs 20,000-crore laundry market that is still dominated by the Big Three above. While they still have a 60% share of the market, their dominance is slipping — by about 90 bps since 2014 and 40 bps in 2016. “Last year, economy brands continued to dominate sales. Price is an extremely important factor for consumers in rural India,” said the report. Laundry care expanded by 9% in value terms in 2016, which was marginally slower than in 2015, with raw material prices such as crude oil dipping. In the laundry segment, several local players entered and many slashed prices to widen the price gap with national brands as crude oil, the key ingredient for making detergents, fell sharply to $30 per barrel in January 2016. Hindustan Unilever, which sells the Surf Excel, Rin, and Wheel brands, is by far the market leader, with nearly 39.6% in the laundry detergent segment, and the Mumbai-based giant has retained its share. RSPL, which owns the Ghari brand, has increased its share by 100 bps over the past five years. With increasing penetration of washing machines and lower prices, laundry care consumers are shifting from bar detergents to powder detergents, a factor triggering growth for this category. Hand-washing remains the most prevalent mode of linen-wash in India, particularly in rural parts of the country, with these products accounting for a 74% share of laundry-care sales. Euromonitor also said most Indian consumers are unaware of the difference between standard powder detergents and the concentrated format and, therefore, tend to opt for lower priced products. Still, national players in the mass-priced segment, which includes brands such as Wheel, Nirma and Procter & gamble’s Tide, lost market-share. For instance, HUL’s Wheel has seen share erosion of about 60 basis points, while Nirma and P&G's Tide lost 30 bps and 50 bps, respectively. “While our brand is positioned at the mass-premium level, it has better quality compared with some of the pricier rivals,” said Sushil Kumar Bajpai, president at RSPL. Compared with other categories within home care, laundry care has the highest penetration rate, and due to the increasing maturity of the segment, the projected growth for the forecast period is expected to remain lower at around 2% for the next five years. However, with increasing penetration of washing machines and rising number of women in the workforce, consumers are looking for faster methods of washing clothes. Hence, the market for powder detergents will expand at 4% a year to Rs 4,500 crore by 2021. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP How Marketing Automation can Help Improve Marketing & Sale.. Salesforce Hot Arthritis Treatment Deals. Don't Pass Them Up. Arthritis OffersMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Visit AboveMS.com To Learn How You Can Participate In #MyS.. AboveMS 5 Things Glasses Stores Don’t Want You to Know GlassesUSA.com Free Quick Start Developer Guide Microsoft Top Business Phone Offers You Shouldn't Pass Up. Business Phone Offers UK Parliament terror attack: What we know so far What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door AP Exclusive: Manafort's plan to advance Putin's interests BlackBerry, Cisco ink patent cross-licensing agreement READ MORE ON » Wheel | Washing powder market | washing powder | P&G | Nirma | HUL To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Jet Airways, Air India to gain from US ban on flight gadgets Withdraw LED bulb distribution scheme: Industry to government Coca-Cola India chief Vekatesh Kini dismisses concerns of sugar and attrition Railways to offer 60-year relief period for stations’ revamp Oil Ministry seeks integration road map from state oil companies More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Upfronts 2017: Cable Nets Remind Advertisers TV Is About More Than Data By Jeanine Poggi - 29 minutes ago Array 0 The Connected Life Video: Finding the Magic in the Math 41 minutes ago Array 0 In a Blizzard of Cellphone Promos, McDonald's Tribute to a Teacher Stands Out on Viral Video Chart 1 hour ago Array 0 New iPhones Raise Funds to Fight AIDS; in China, Apple Doesn't Mention That By Angela Doland - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Chick-fil-A, Southwest Airlines, Dick's Sporting Goods and More By Catherine Gin - 1 hour ago Array 0 A House Sets Sail in This Dreamy Home Improvement Spot By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 SXSW Music: What Is Wrong With Us? By Geoff Cottrill - 7 hours ago 0 Production Costs Can Be Rigged Without Being Illegal By Emma Hall - 7 hours ago 0 Facebook Just Changed the Mobile Web Landscape With Header Bidding By George Slefo - 4 hours ago 0 Coalition for Better Ads Might Not Be the Solution Marketers Were Hoping For By George Slefo - 13 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 40 Under 40 - 2 days ago 0 Here Are the Podcasts That Influencers Turn to for Inspiration By Ad Age Staff - 2 days ago 0 Watch a Modern Ferris Bueller Track His Domino's Order By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 YouTube Clears Up Metrics Mess by Focusing on These Three Stats By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Study: Viewability Matters, But Likeability Matters Even More in Online Video By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US KFC U.S. CMO Kevin Hochman Promoted to President and Chief Concept Officer By Jessica Wohl. Published on March 21, 2017. Kevin Hochman Credit: KFC Most Popular Kevin Hochman, who helped lead KFC's U.S. turnaround as its chief marketing officer here, has been promoted to president and chief concept officer of the chain's U.S. business. He succeeds Jason Marker, who had been KFC U.S. president for three years "and has made the personal decision to resign from the company to pursue other opportunities," parent company Yum Brands said in a statement Tuesday. Mr. Hochman will now report directly to KFC Global CEO Roger Eaton. As KFC U.S. president and chief concept officer, Mr. Hochman, 43, will be responsible for driving overall brand strategy and business performance. Yum said it would name his successor in the marketing role at a future date. The CMO's ascent to president is a familiar path at KFC. When Mr. Hochman joined KFC in January 2014 after years at Procter & Gamble, he succeeded Mr. Marker, who was promoted to the role of KFC U.S. president at that time. Related Stories KFC Has Two Colonels in Its First Super Bowl Commercial -- Watch It Here See the Spot: KFC's Latest Celebrity Colonel Goes for the Gold Netflix Tops Ad Age's 2016 Marketer A-List See the Colonel: KFC's Latest Adman is Pete Campbell (Vincent Kartheiser) KFC Colonel's New Edge Is a Nod to His Past KFC Parts Ways With FCB, Set To Hire Wieden & Kennedy During Mr. Hochman's three-year tenure as U.S. CMO, KFC began focusing on its founder in its marketing and its restaurant design. KFC's expanding list of celebrity colonels in commercials and efforts such as tie-ins at WWE events have helped the chain gain attention and bring customers back. KFC, the No. 2 chicken-focused chain in the United States behind Chick-fil-A, has also introduced new products such as Georgia Gold chicken. The results have paid off: KFC's U.S. same-store sales and transactions have increased for 10 straight quarters. "He's the perfect person to continue to grow and elevate KFC U.S. into a distinctive, relevant brand that people trust and champion," Yum Brands CEO Greg Creed said of Mr. Hochman in a statement. The chain's "Re-Colonelization" campaign from Wieden & Kennedy Portland is a finalist for Campaign of the Year in Ad Age's Creativity Awards. KFC was named to Ad Age's 2016 Marketer A-List. Wieden & Kennedy has been KFC's U.S. creative agency since 2015. In January, KFC selected Publicis's Mediavest Spark to handle its U.S. media planning and buying. KFC spent $218.8 million on measured media in 2015, down 12.3% from a year earlier, according to an Ad Age Datacenter analysis of measured-media data from WPP's Kantar Media. In this article: CMO Strategy Restaurants Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 Marketing to the future: A CMO’s roadmap to digital transformation Business Microsoft US CMO Grad Conn on the road to digital transformation for business marketers Grad Conn 21 Mar 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email My father was a “Mad Man” – he worked on Madison Avenue in the 1960s and 70s for Young & Rubicam, one of the world’s great advertising agencies. In between three-martini lunches and water-balloon fights, he somehow managed to produce some great advertising and work with legends of the business. I followed in his footsteps – but on the client side. However, like my dad, I consider myself a student of the science of human persuasion. I’ve been in this business for a long time – I did my first decade selling soap at Procter & Gamble and I’ve been selling the cloud at Microsoft for the past 11 years. However, I firmly believe that now, 2017, is one of the most exciting times in marketing history – and potentially the most exciting time in marketing history. Why? This the most exciting time in marketing history because we’re finally uniting the two warring disciplines of our craft – that of direct marketing and that of mass marketing. Specifically, the marketing industry is entering its third era – the Mass-Direct Era. This era is unique in that it combines the measured and scientific approach of the magazine/newspaper-based first era – the Direct Era (1920 to 1960) – with the television-based mass-persuasion techniques of the second era – the Mass Era (1960 to 2000). Today's new communication platforms and marketing technologies are enabling highly personalised stimulus-response messaging on mass scale. The early-innovation stage of the third era has been characterised by an explosion of MarTech point solutions. As a result of this great wave of marketing innovation, there are now more than 3,874 marketing point solutions according to Scott Brinker of chiefmartec.com, and the average CMO is juggling 24-point solutions in their marketing stack. That’s 24 databases… 24 UIs… 24 customer IDs… and 24 logins. We all know that the current situation is unsustainable, but more importantly we all know that in order to really create a relationship with a customer, you must have full visibility into all the touchpoints with that customer. That’s pretty tricky in a system with dozens of point applications, and with marketing next actions only predicted on previous marketing actions. So, what’s a CMO to do? Well, to quote Winston Churchill: “Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.” Our next stage in the third era must involve a fundamental re-orientation from multiple disconnected point solutions to a single, end-to-end Customer Experience Management (CXM) system. This CXM approach must take into account all of the interactions between a customer and the organisation – including customer care experiences; sentiment; behaviours; interests; memberships and subscriptions; industry interactions; and even stock ownership, in addition to all of our usual marketing touchpoints such as website visits; content views and downloads; and event attendance. In a CXM-powered organisation, all employees must think of themselves as sellers; all employees must think of themselves as marketers; all employees must think of themselves as customer-care reps; and all employees must think of themselves as being in research. To achieve this, an organisation must have an integrated set of nurture systems spanning advertising automation; marketing automation; sales automation; commerce services; and customer-service software with underlying planning, project management, BI and insight clouds, which enable real-time collaboration. I think of it as the Disneyland model of customer service – all “cast members” in the park lean over and pick up garbage, regardless of the uniform they wear, in an integrated effort to create a magical guest experience. We like to say “customer-first mindset”, but if we don’t give our employees the tools to actually deliver against the whole person, we’re just fooling ourselves and creating employee cynicism due to a hypocritical embrace of slogans over real change. We’ve got to walk the talk. In order to actually deliver a true CXM system, there are five requirements: 1) A common customer ID that is used by all systems (for example, Dun & Bradstreet’s D&B D-U-N-S Number); 2) An integrated cloud platform on which all applications operate (for example, Microsoft Azure); 3) The ability to incorporate and analyse first-party data (for example, Bing, website, databases and CRM) and third-party data (for example, LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram); 4) machine-learning and artificial-intelligence capability to correlate customer experiences across trillions of data points in real-time (for example, Microsoft Azure ML); and 5) secure transaction capability across distributed networks for everything from transactions to media buying (for example, Blockchain). It’s going to be an exciting future – it’s time to embrace a customer experience management (CXM) approach, and ditch our point-solution soup! Grad Conn is CMO and GM, with Microsoft U.S. Read more about: Business You are here: Home Business Marketing to the future: A CMO’s roadmap to digital transformation View the discussion thread. Most Popular Google Tango project turns real-world rooms into VR havens 1 Feb 2017 Virtual reality This robot is definitely not a robot 27 Jan 2017 Robotics What are your odds of surviving a nuclear attack? 30 Jan 2017 Science Confront death with this out-of-body VR experience 31 Jan 2017 Virtual reality Tinder for Orangutans: Teaching apes to swipe right 31 Jan 2017 Science Here's how to install the new Specto addon for Kodi 13 Mar 2017 Software New Audi RS3 review: We drive the A3’s ridiculous twin 5 22 Mar 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down in action 4 21 Mar 2017 Cars GT Sport beta will begin THIS MONTH 9 Mar 2017 Games Best Kodi skins and themes in 2017 16 Mar 2017 Software Technology Devices, software, wearables and more Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A match for the OnePlus 3T? 4 Samsung’s mid-priced alternative to the OnePlus 3T touches down, and it’s a very strong contender 22 Mar 2017 Samsung Moov HR Sweat review: Measuring the heart through your head 4 The Moov HR Sweat is an impressive fitness wearable, but it costs a pretty penny considering its limitations 22 Mar 2017 Fitness trackers New Audi RS3 review: We drive the A3’s ridiculous twin 5 The RS3 is the A3, but not as you know it 22 Mar 2017 Cars World suffering a 'crisis of trust' over AI, says Benioff Benioff believes industry should work together to create "guardrails" around AI integration 22 Mar 2017 Technology Business How technology is changing your work A CMO’s roadmap to digital transformation Microsoft US CMO Grad Conn on the road to digital transformation for business marketers 21 Mar 2017 Business Uber president quits after just six months Jeff Jones leaves the scandal-mired company 20 Mar 2017 Business The glass is half empty for UK tech workers New survey shows pessimism unbounded – less than one in four tech workers think their work matters 15 Mar 2017 Business Why do tech companies favour youth over experience? Is ageism at play in the tech industry’s preference for young blood? 14 Mar 2017 Business VR for Business How Ronald McDonald House Charities used 360° footage Ronald McDonald House Charities used VR to capture an exciting project in Madagascar 17 Mar 2017 Advertisement Feature How businesses can make their own VR content Creating VR content is now something even small businesses can do. Here's how. 12 Jan 2017 Sponsored How to bring the excitement of a holiday to the high-street? How Thomas Cook used VR to give holidaymakers a glimpse of their dream destination 14 Dec 2016 Advertisement Feature How VR is changing the face of retail The latest wave of change to hit retail is virtual reality 14 Dec 2016 Sponsored Science Developments from the frontiers of science Europeans love consulting Doctor Google Advantage: No waiting room. Disadvantage: Possibly lethal advice. 17 Mar 2017 Health Google wants to help you get solar panels But only if you’re in America for the moment 16 Mar 2017 Google India’s long-lost lunar spacecraft found by NASA Once thought lost, NASA has discovered the Chandrayaan-1 still orbiting the moon 13 Mar 2017 Space Alexander Graham Bell warned of global warming 100 years ago Celebrating a century of brushing the problem under the carpet 13 Mar 2017 Science Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology New Audi RS3 review: We drive the A3’s ridiculous twin 5 The RS3 is the A3, but not as you know it 22 Mar 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down in action 4 Nissan’s new 2017 Micra very nearly ticks all the boxes 21 Mar 2017 Cars Mercedes E-Class (2017) review: The most advanced Benz yet 5 The new Mercedes-Benz E-Class makes self-driving look simple 16 Mar 2017 Cars This morphing golf ball could point to the future of tyres Goodyear has made another outlandish concept tyre 13 Mar 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Google just resurrected a beloved old feature The latest Maps’ feature gives me a huge sense of déjà vu 23 Mar 2017 Life & Culture This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant It’s hard to believe nobody has come up with this before 23 Mar 2017 Life & Culture US grand jury adds GIF to the list of deadly weapons Gun, knife and GIF? 22 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Future supreme court justice stumped by Reddit meme 100 duck-sized horses or one horse-sized duck? 22 Mar 2017 Politics The Future The world of 20 years from now 5 problems artificial intelligence really needs to overcome AI is coming faster than we can regulate it. Here are just a few of the problems we’re facing 6 Mar 2017 The Future Lithium-ion battery inventor creates powerful new battery Slated to be three times better than standard li-on, this could be the battery of the future 6 Mar 2017 The Future Why AI is going to change the world – the Alphr view This month we’ll be shining a light on artificial intelligence. Here’s why. 1 Mar 2017 Government puts digital skills at the centre of UK's future Digital Strategy relies on private sector to help close the skills gap 1 Mar 2017 The Future Latest Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A match for the OnePlus 3T? 22 Mar 2017 Samsung Moov HR Sweat review: Measuring the heart through your head 22 Mar 2017 Fitness trackers New Audi RS3 review: We drive the A3’s ridiculous twin 22 Mar 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down in action 21 Mar 2017 Cars Sony VPL-VW550ES: The best 4K projector 9-grand can buy 20 Mar 2017 Sony Rock Band VR is how Rock Band should have been all along 17 Mar 2017 Games Mercedes E-Class (2017) review: The most advanced Benz yet 16 Mar 2017 Cars AMD Ryzen 7 1800X: Holds a candle to Intel's £1,600 baby 16 Mar 2017 Technology Woolet review: Do you really need a smart wallet? 14 Mar 2017 Wearables Timex IQ+ Move review: Step-tracking with flair 10 Mar 2017 Smartwatches BeatsX review: The best Beats, or the worst? 7 Mar 2017 Beats BeatsX Nintendo Switch is Nintendo at its finest 6 Mar 2017 Nintendo Switch Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
News and Information for Recycling Professionals Subscribe Current Issue Recent Issues Customer Service Advertise News Recent Headlines Ferrous Nonferrous Plastics Paper Municipal Electronics Glass Tires Safety Legislation & Regulations Certification Equipment & Products Conferences & Events Personnel Industry Tools RMDAS Pricing Maps, Lists & Web Extras RT Buyers' guide Directories Classifieds Store Media All Video Editorial Video Sponsored Video 2016 Paper & Plastics Recycling Conference WasteExpo Show Dailies 2016 PPRC Video Show Dailies Magazine Current Issue Current Digital Edition Recent Issues Subscribe Advertise (Media Kit) Contact Recycling Today Media Group Publications Events Events Recycling Today Media Group Events Industry Events Subscribe Subscribe to our Magazine Subscribe to our Newsletter Log In Flexible packaging recycling pilot seeks MRF partner Materials Recovery for the Future (MRFF) plans to partner with a U.S. material recovery facility to pilot curbside recycling of flexible packaging. March 21, 2017 Recycling Today Staff Subscribe Financial Municipal / IC&I Plastics Materials Recovery for the Future (MRFF), a research initiative of the Foundation for Chemistry Research and Initiatives, a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization established by the Washington-based American Chemistry Council, has announced plans to partner with a U.S. material recovery facility (MRF) and its service area to pilot curbside recycling of flexible packaging. MRFF says it will offer technical assistance and financial stewardship to help upgrade the U.S. MRF that participates in the pilot. The partner facility must process at least 20 tons per hour and meet other essential criteria, according to MRFF. Interested communities or managers of MRFs that meet these criteria should contact Susan Graff, vice president, Resource Recycling Systems, at sgraff@recycle.com before April 7, 2017. To assist the collective decision to enter into a pilot partnership, RRS developed an economic feasibility model for adding flexible packaging to a MRF’s sorting capabilities. The model provides customized outputs that assess the costs and benefits associated with adding flexible packaging to single-stream recycling systems in a pro forma format. “With this pilot, we aim to demonstrate the potential to capture flexible film packaging and use the material as a feedstock for U.S. manufacturing while improving the quality of other recycling streams processed at MRFs,” says Stephen Sikra, section head, global research and development, The Procter and Gamble Co., headquartered in Cincinnati. Flexible packaging is currently present in MRF infeed from curbside collection, but MRFs typically pay to ship the material to a landfill rather than recover it for energy production or remanufacture. Flexible packaging is projected to grow because its consumer benefits and affordability are widely recognized, so collection and recycling strategies are critical, according to MRFF. Additionally, participating in this new pilot is expected to benefit our MRF partner by improving the quality of paper products through the removal of unintended flexible packaging, MRFF says. “Flexible packaging is often disposed of as a contaminant of paper products,” says Graff, MRFF project director. “MRFs were not originally designed to sort this lightweight format into a high-quality product.” She adds, “The members of Materials Recovery for the Future—manufacturers, brands, retailers and recyclers—are actively working to pilot a system that helps the recycling industry develop a new flexible product and better serve consumer demand for recycling.” The MRF flexible packaging pro forma will vary by location depending on the availability of local end markets and by the sort quality. To further improve the value proposition for those factors, RRS is conducting advanced optical sorter testing with equipment manufacturers, as well as a commodity end use market assessment with a goal of describing product bale specifications for the Association of Plastic Recyclers. “The intent of the pilot is to help communities that want to recover potentially valuable materials instead of landfilling them and partner with innovators in the MRF industry to recycle this material,” says Jeff Wooster, global sustainability director for Midland, Michigan-headquartered Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics and MRFF chairperson. “Dow is committed to working in partnership with communities and industry to recycle all their packaging, and this pilot will be a major step towards making this a reality.” The MRFF project members include Amcor, The Dow Chemical Co., LyondellBasell Industries, Nestlé Purina PetCare and Nestlé USA, PepsiCo, Plum Organics, Procter & Gamble, SC Johnson, Sealed Air and Target, as well as the Association of Plastics Recyclers, Flexible Packaging Association, the Plastics Industry Association and the American Chemistry Council.  Grants HDPE LDPE Polyethylene/PE Polypropylene/PP PVC Related PPRC 2016: Finding offshore homes for plastics North American Plastics Recycling Alliance debuts Study examines recycling availability Most Shared Flexible packaging recycling pilot seeks MRF partner PetStar opens PET recycling plant in Mexico True to its word Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Sponsors Editorial Video DELVING INTO POSTINDUSTRIAL PLASTICS Most Popular International truck introduces A26 engine Plastic Revolutions expands processing capabilities 20 Largest Ferrous Scrap Processors Wisconsin scrap company owner charged with theft Tomra launches loyalty program in Michigan supermarkets News and Information for Recycling Professionals Subscribe Advertise Contact Recycling Today Global Edition Construction & Demolition Recycling Waste Today Storage & Destruction Business © 2017 GIE Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Green Car Reports News Electric Cars 28 minutes ago The oil industry doesn't care about electric... Europe 2 hours ago French prosecutors to investigate Fiat Chrysler... Electric Cars 2 hours ago Faster electric-car fast charging: test site in... Fuel-economy rules & jobs, Tesla quality issues... Another Chevy Bolt EV electric-car owner weighs... Plug-in hybrid London taxi plant opens in U.K... Tesla electric cars have quality issues, but... More News » First Drives First Drives More » 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid video drive review March 6, 2017 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid: first drive review February 21, 2017 2017 Subaru Impreza: first drive of AWD compact... February 8, 2017 Guides Green Car Guides More » Buying Guides February 10, 2017 Plug-in hybrid price guide: every 2017 model... Buying Guides January 17, 2017 Electric Car Price Guide: every 2017 all-electric... Buying Guides March 29, 2016 How to buy an electric-car charging station... Electric All Cars Electric More » The oil industry doesn't care about electric... 28 minutes ago Faster electric-car fast charging: test site in... 2 hours ago Another Chevy Bolt EV electric-car owner weighs... March 22, 2017 Car Types News by Car Type See all new cars » HYBRID ELECTRIC DIESEL FUEL CELL Popular Green Cars 2017 Chevrolet Volt 2017 Nissan Leaf 2011 Tesla Roadster 2017 Toyota Prius Video Follow Like Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add Us on Google+ Home News Environmental Bill making it harder for scientists to sit on EPA Science Board advances Email This Page Your Name Your Email To (separate emails with commas) Message (optional) Send Your email was sent successfully. Close Bill making it harder for scientists to sit on EPA Science Board advances Stephen Edelstein Mar 21, 2017 U.S. Capitol BuildingEnlarge Photo Since the election of Donald Trump, considerable attention has focused on how a candidate who campaigned on promoting fossil fuels would treat the Environmental Protection Agency and other federal agencies charged with regulating those industries. But potential changes to the EPA do not come solely from the Executive Branch. Over the past few weeks, a bill that may give fossil-fuel producers undue influence on the EPA's Science Advisory Board has gained new momentum in Congress. DON'T MISS: Trump's EPA deletes 'science' from Science Office mission statement HR 1431—also known as the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act—recently passed the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. If it becomes law, the bill would place increased restrictions on scientists attempting to join the SAB, while making it easier for members of private industry to sit on the board. Created in 1978, the SAB is a 48-member committee that provides independent counsel on scientific matters to the EPA's administrator. Oil well (photo by John Hill)Enlarge Photo Most of the EPA Science Advisory Board's present members are academic scientists, but 11 represent nongovernmental organizations and private companies, including Proctor & Gamble, Dow, and ExxonMobil, according to The Atlantic. HR 1431 would likely reduce the number of scientists sitting on the board significantly. One of its provisions is that scientists applying to sit on the board cannot hold an EPA grant, and that current members cannot apply for such grants for three years, or even have current contacts with the EPA. It also bans academic scientists from participating in "advisory activities that directly or indirectly involve review and evaluation of their own work." The stated goal of this language is to prevent conflicts of interest, but it only applies to academic scientists—not to representatives of for-profit corporations. In fact, language in the bill states that SAB members who have financial ties to corporations that may be affected by the board's decisions are specifically not to be excluded. Natural gas flaring from oil well [licensed under Creative Commons from Flickr user Sirdle]Enlarge Photo The Science Advisory Board Reform Act also draws out the public comment period for SAB decisions, which the Union of Concerned Scientists says will make it easier for corporate lobbyists to influence the process. Current rules already provide for public comments, and all SAB meetings are open to the public. But the bill would also give the SAB other obligations, including one that requires it to hold a public information-gathering session on the "state of the science" for each major advisory activity it undertakes. "The provisions contained in this legislation open up the process more than necessary, turning each scientific evaluation into a public hearing," said a UCS blog post on the bill, "adding cumbersome responsibilities to the SAB's already full plate." While cloaked in the sensible rhetoric of transparency, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act can be viewed as reflecting distrust of objective science and scientific research. The act's critics suggest that it favors corporate interests that stand to profit from greater burdens imposed on the board. With news headlines on the Trump Administration occupied with other matters, and the low level of attention generally garnered by procedural bills such as this one, it's possible that its impact may stay below the radar—perhaps through to its passage. _______________________________________________ Follow GreenCarReports on Facebook and Twitter Prev Post Next Post Tags: climate change congress Environmental EPA fossil fuels government science Posted in: Green News Recommended Galleries Audi A5 is third model to run on natural gas, for Europe only 2017 Kia Niro: gas mileage review Nio Eve concept is yet another Chinese luxury electric SUV, this one autonomous BMW 740e, X5 xDrive 40e: where do low-range plug-in hybrids fit in?   Contribute Send us a tip Comment Contact the editor Follow Us Get daily e-mail updates GO I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. People Who Read This Article Also Read Tesla Model 3: beta phase to be skipped, will go straight... Michigan utility cancels electric-car charging stations... Chevy Bolt EV pricing across U.S.: some discounts, some... 2017 hybrid mid-size sedans: all the entries, plus what's... Take Us With You!   News In Your Inbox GreenCarReports Sign Up I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Related Articles EPA's internal watchdog to check vulnerability to emission cheating Trump's EPA deletes 'science' from Science Office mission statement Coal industry hopes to don disguise as clean-power player via carbon capture ACEEE issues latest list of 'Greenest' and 'Meanest" vehicles Follow Us On Facebook Green Car Reports on Get FREE Dealer Quotes From dealers near you Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Zip Code: Go! Most Popular This Week 1 What does a Chevy Volt do when it runs out of gas and battery...   2 Has GM really 'already lost' the electric-car race to Tesla?   3 2017 Kia Niro: gas mileage review   4 Another Chevy Bolt EV electric-car owner weighs in on pros and...   5 Bolt EV impressions, Kia Niro mileage, small-car bargains, what...   More » Find Green Cars Select Make Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ford GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Bentley Ferrari FIAT Genesis Lamborghini Lotus Maserati McLaren Rolls-Royce smart Tesla Select Model Go! Topics GAS MILEAGE HYBRIDS ELECTRIC CARS DIESEL ALT FUELS AUTO SHOWS Photo Galleries Chevy Bolt EV: 800-mile trip in 238-mile electric car shows challenges remain 2017 Kia Niro: gas mileage review BMW 740e, X5 xDrive 40e: where do low-range plug-in hybrids fit in? Audi A5 is third model to run on natural gas, for Europe only Nio Eve concept is yet another Chinese luxury electric SUV, this one autonomous « 1 of 5 » Get the Web's best green cars newsletter! We'll email you the latest in green car news every day. Subscribe More from High Gear Media   Dodge Demon comes with transbrake straight from the factory 2018 Mercedes-AMG GLC63 Coupe spy shots 2019 Volvo XC40 spy shots Tale of two hatches: New 2018 Toyota Sienna and 2018 Toyota Yaris unveiled 2017 Honda CR-V nabs Top Safety Pick+ award Trump team fights its own federal consumer finance agency in court   News Reviews Buying Guides RSS Feed Electric Gas Mileage Car Types Company About Us Contact Us Press Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy Reprints Follow Us   © 2017 Green Car Reports. All Rights Reserved. Green Car Reports is published by Internet Brands Automotive Group. Stock photography by izmostock. Read our Cookie Policy.
👤 Register / Login Contact Advertise Newsletters Magazines Conferences Company Search: 2,841 Franchises | 3,328 Articles | 60,318 News Stories Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Getting Started » What is Franchising? » Franchising Articles » Franchise Events » Franchise Guides » Franchise News » Success Stories » Franchise Videos » Net Worth Calculator Browse Opportunities » Search » By Industry » By Location » By Investment » By Alpha » By Type » By Maturity Find a Franchise: INDUSTRY: Any Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending MAX INVESTMENT: Any Over $1,000,000 $750,000 $500,000 $450,000 $400,000 $350,000 $300,000 $250,000 $200,000 $150,000 $100,000 $90,000 $80,000 $70,000 $60,000 $50,000 $40,000 $30,000 $20,000 $10,000 LOCATION: Any ----- United States ----- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming ----- Canada ----- Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory ----- Other International ----- OPPORTUNITY TYPE: Any Non-Franchised Business Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Featured Choices: Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Veteran Opportunities Popular Choices: Food Franchises Small Business Franchises Retail Franchises Entertainment Franchises Automotive Franchises Childrens Franchises Business Services Franchises Browse By Industry: Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Health Home Services Medical Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Vending United States: AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Canada: AB BC MB NB NL NT NS ON PE PQ SK YT Europe: AL AD AT BY BE BA BG HR CY CZ DK EE FO FI FR DE GI GR HU IS IE IM IT KV LV LI LT LU MK MT MD MC ME NL NO PL PT RO RU SM RS SK SI ES SE CH UA UK VA RS International All Opportunities Browse By Investment: Quick Start Investments Under $50,000 Low Cost Investments From $50,000 to $100,000 Mid-Range Investments From $100,000 to $500,000 High Investments Over $500,000 Browse By Investment Browse By Name: # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Browse Directory Browse By Type: Business Opportunities Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Browse Directory Browse By Maturity: New Opportunities Opportunities in their first 5 years Established Opportunities From 5 to 25 years in Business Seasoned Opportunities From 25 to 50 years in Business Classic Opportunities Over 50 Years In Business Browse Directory Resources Business Services: Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications Browse Resource Directory News » All » Alliances » Events » Expansions » Financial » Media Coverage » Mergers » Personnel » Products » Rankings Popular News: Kona Ice Rallies with Franchisees to Score Big at Eighth Annual Kona Konvention Real Estate Broker Purchases First Motto Mortgage Franchise In Pennsylvania Retro Fitness on Track to Add 100 Gyms in the Next Two Years Cinnaholic Announces Expansive Franchise Growth Initiative Brett & Dorothy Parent Open First of Three Veteran-Owned BareBones WorkWear® Franchises With “Ribbon Sawing” Ceremony Mr. Gatti's, Gatti's Pizza Relaunch Franchise Opportunities Penn Station, Inc Adds Franchise Qualifications Specialist Out with the Old, in with the New: Merry Maids Urges Swapping out #SpringCleaning Supplies Learning Express Toys Hosts Grand Opening in Frisco, TX SONIC Celebrates National Corn Dog Day with 50-Cent Corn Dogs Submit NewsBrowse News Recent Mergers & Acquisitions: BirthdayPak Announces The Acquisition Of YOUnique Moments The Melting Pot of Louisville, Kentucky Returns Under New Ownership Realty Executives International CEO Acquires Remaining Shares From Rector Family Marriott International Announces 2020 Growth Vision In Europe Post Starwood Acquisition Palm Beach Tan Acquires Memphis Area Tan-N-Go Locations Browse Mergers Recent Financial News: Valvoline Inc. Announces Proposed Corporate Governance Enhancements Marriott International Maps Future Growth at Investor Day Jamba, Inc. Provides Fiscal Year 2016 Update and 2017 Outlook Hyatt Announces Redemption Of $290 Million Playa Preferred Stock Investment The Gymboree Corporation Reports Second Quarter of Fiscal 2017 Results Browse Financial News Recent Expansion News: Corelife Eatery Continues Rapid Expansion As It Cements Another New Area Development Partner TITLE Boxing Club Plans for Expansion in Atlanta Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Opens 1000th International Shop in Peru Bojangles’® Continues Franchise Growth, Signs New Development Agreement for Virginia Cellairis Mobile Device Repair Now Open Inside Scottsdale Walmart Browse Expansion News Recent Personnel News: Brinker International Names Steve Provost Chief Marketing And Innovation Officer Of Chili's Cheena Chandra Joins New Keller Williams Lincoln Park Market Center FranConnect Bolsters Customer Operations, Product Management, and Finance with Addition of Executive Team Members CKE Restaurants Holdings, Inc. Selects Jason Marker as Chief Executive Officer Kevin Hochman Promoted To President And Chief Concept Officer Of KFC U.S. Browse Personnel News Recent Strategic Alliance News: SERVPRO® Expands PGA Sponsorship with PGA Fantasy Golf JDog Junk Removal & Hauling Announces Partnership with David Auto Group Captain D’s Selects The&Partnership as Advertising Agency of Record Home Franchise Concepts partners with George to the Rescue to Renovate Living Space for a Young Widow and her Childre Veteran Opportunity Partners Launches Venture with JDog Junk Hauling and Removal to Bring Entrepreneurial Career Opportunities to Veterans Browse Alliance News Recent Rankings News: Arby’s Brand President and Chief Marketing Officer Rob Lynch Named “Outstanding Marketer of the Year” by PRWeek Spherion Earns Safety Standard of Excellence Mark Homewatch CareGivers Announces New Million and Multi-Million Dollar Club Members HomeVestors® Named One of Fastest-Growing Franchises by Entrepreneur Magazine Amanda House of Ziebart International Corporation Earns Certified Franchise Executive (CFE) Designation Browse Rankings News Recent Events News: Marriott International to Provide Live Webcast of Security Analyst Meeting to be Held on March 21, 2017 GNC Holdings, Inc. Annual Meeting of Stockholders Scheduled for May 23, 2017 Jamba to Review 2016 Performance and 2017 Outlook on March 20, 2017 Denny’s Corporation To Present At The 29th Annual Roth Conference On March 14, 2017 Marriott International To Speak At J.P. Morgan Gaming, Lodging, Restaurant & Leisure Management Access Forum Browse Events News Recent Media Coverage: Aaron's Delivers 2017 Blue Kia Forte EX To Grand Prize Winner In California Kona Ice Rallies with Franchisees to Score Big at Eighth Annual Kona Konvention Wendy's Drive to the Final Four Takes on Indianapolis Long John Silver’s CEO Presents at Finance & Growth Conference in Las Vegas Unishippers Celebrates 30 Years of Saving SMBs Time, Trouble, and Money Browse Media Coverage Recent Product Announcements: OXXO Care Cleaners Launches OXXO Mobile App Doing Good Is Now As Easy As Eating Your Favorite Taco Bell Taco Wendy's Drive to the Final Four Takes on Kansas City H&R Block and Uber Partner to Help Drivers Get Their Taxes Won Wake Up Your A/C Unit Before Summer Browse Product Announcements Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Subscribe » Newsletters » Magazines » Social Media Franchising.com Newsletters: Franchising.com Express Weekly Digest of Franchise Opportunities & News Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Ideas, strategies and solutions for today's high achieving franchisees. Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Marketing insights, strategies, and intelligence for today's growing franchisors. Franchise Update Sales Report Your source for leadership, sales, and marketing intelligence. Browse Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions: Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Dedicated Exclusively to Multi-Unit and Multi-Brand Franchisees Franchise Update Magazine Business Intelligence for Growing Franchisors Browse Magazines Social Media Channels: YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Register / Login Franchise Opportunities Getting Started Topics Features Guides Blogs Events Videos Browse Opportunities Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Listed Franchises By Industry By Location By Investment By Alpha By Type By Maturity Franchise Resources Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications News All Alliances Events Expansions Financial Media Coverage Mergers Personnel Products Rankings Conferences Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Franchise Update Media About Us Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Advertise Contact Us Home: News: Kentucky Fried Chicken: Kevin Hochman Promoted To President And Chief Concept Officer Of KFC U.S. By: Kentucky Fried Chicken |  0 Shares     26 Reads March 21, 2017 // Franchising.com // Louisville, KY - Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE:YUM) today announced that it has promoted Kevin Hochman to President and Chief Concept Officer of KFC U.S., reporting to Roger Eaton, Chief Executive Officer of KFC Global, effective immediately. Hochman, 43, will assume responsibility for driving overall KFC brand strategy and performance of the business in the U.S. with a continued focus on customers, franchisees, innovation and operational efficiency. Kevin Hochman joined KFC U.S. as Chief Marketing Officer over three years ago. With Hochman’s leadership, KFC U.S. has grown same-store sales and transactions for ten consecutive quarters, bringing millions of customers back into the brand and fostering tighter collaboration with franchisees across the U.S. He previously worked in a number of brand management and marketing leadership roles at Procter & Gamble since 1995, including many of the company’s iconic brands in deodorant, shave and personal cleaning categories. “Kevin Hochman is an exceptional brand builder and marketing innovation leader with an extremely strong track record of success,” said Greg Creed, Chief Executive Officer, Yum! Brands. “He has led KFC’s incredible brand re-launch and brought back the greatest chicken salesman in the world, Colonel Sanders, to pop culture. He’s the perfect person to continue to grow and elevate KFC U.S. into a distinctive, relevant brand that people trust and champion. Kevin’s promotion is evidence that the power of Yum! Brands is our unrivaled culture and talent which gives us the advantage of drawing from a strong bench of executives when bigger leadership opportunities like this one arise.” Hochman replaces Jason Marker, who has served as KFC U.S. President for the past three years and has made the personal decision to resign from the Company to pursue other opportunities. “Kevin is a talented leader and brilliant marketer who cares deeply about the KFC U.S. business, his team and the success of our franchisees,” said Eaton. “He has played a key role in the Re-Colonelization effort – driving structural thinking, collaborative franchise relationships, great brand positioning and excellent advertising – which has contributed to the brand’s turnaround in the U.S. Kevin and his team are well positioned to ensure a seamless transition and focused on successfully executing KFC’s long-term growth strategy with our franchise partners in the U.S.” Eaton added, “I want to thank Jason Marker for his strong leadership and the many contributions he has made to Yum! Brands and KFC U.S. over the years and wish him continued success. As we look ahead, I couldn’t be more excited about the strength, growth and future of the KFC brand in the U.S. for our customers, employees and franchisees.” About KFC KFC Corporation, based in Louisville, Ky., is the world’s most popular chicken restaurant chain. KFC specializes in Original Recipe®, Extra Crispy™, Kentucky Grilled Chicken® and Extra Crispy™ Tenders, Hot Wings™, Go Cups, KFC Famous Bowls®, Pot Pies, freshly hand prepared chicken sandwiches, biscuits and homestyle side items. There are over 20,000 KFC outlets in more than 125 countries and territories around the world. KFC Corporation is a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc., Louisville, Ky. (NYSE: YUM). For more information, visit www.kfc.com. Follow KFC on Facebook (www.facebook.com/kfc), Twitter (www.twitter.com/kfc) and Instagram (www.instagram.com/KFC). About Yum! Brands Yum! Brands, Inc., based in Louisville, Kentucky, has over 43,500 restaurants in more than 135 countries and territories and is one of the Aon Hewitt Top Companies for Leaders in North America. The company’s restaurant brands – KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell – are the global leaders of the chicken, pizza and Mexican-style food categories. Worldwide, the Yum! Brands system opens over six new restaurants per day on average, making it a leader in global retail development. Release Notice The releases contained on this page may contain dated information. Readers are cautioned that the releases on this page are maintained here solely for the purposes of providing historical background about Yum! Brands, its business and product offerings. As the releases may contain dated information, they should not be relied upon as providing accurate or current information. Yum! Brands disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any of the information contained in any of the releases on this page, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. SOURCE Yum! Brands ### Share this Story: Reader Reactions: Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Find KFC franchise information and learn more about owning a Kentucky Fried Chicken Franchise Franchise Opportunity Company Overview News Request Information Connect with KFC Franchise News Room » All Franchise News Expansion Financial Mergers & Acquisitions Personnel General Announcements Conference Product Announcements Media Coverage Strategic Alliances News By Industry » Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending Subscribe to Franchising.com Express Share This Page CHANNELS Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors GETTING STARTED What is Franchising? Franchising Articles Franchise Blogs Franchise Events Franchise Guides Franchise News Success Stories Franchise Videos Net Worth Calculator OPPORTUNITIES Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Franchises A-Z By Industry By Type By Location By Investment By Maturity RESOURCES Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications PRODUCTS & SERVICES Annual Franchise Development Report Multi-Unit Buyer's Guide Technology Buyer's Guide CONFERENCES Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference MAGAZINES Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Franchise Update Magazine ABOUT Advertising News Blogs Contact Us Legal Notices Privacy Policy Advertiser Login SOCIAL Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram The franchise opportunities listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchising.com or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a franchise opportunity. Franchise Update Media | P.O. Box 20547 // San Jose, CA 95160 // PH. (408) 402-5681 Copyright © 2001 - 2017. All Rights Reserved. Site Hosting Provided By: wishVPS on FUMG3 In Loving Memory Of Timothy Gardner (1987-2014)
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Tech Kings' Greatest Enemy Is in the Mirror By Shira Ovide Photographer: Patrik Stollarz/AFP/Getty Images Tech Shira Ovide Shira Ovide is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering technology. She previously was a reporter for the Wall Street Journal. Follow @ShiraOvide Facebook Twitter Email Print Share March 21, 2017 8:27 AM EDT ALPHABET INC-CL A -0.34 At Closing, March 22nd 849.80 USD When past technology companies have been overthrown, it tended to be at the hands of rivals or by the proverbial two guys in a garage. Tech titans DEC, Sun Microsystems and BlackBerry were felled by technology changes and their failures to keep up with agile newcomers.  Today's technology rulers are less likely to be dethroned by outside invaders than they are by their own mistakes.  Google parent company Alphabet Inc. and Uber are grappling with crises that on first blush don’t look connected but share a common denominator: their failures to properly manage their own supersized power.  I’ve written before about the great divide between today’s tech industry’s kings and paupers. Apple, Google, Amazon, Facebook and Microsoft -- you can add Uber Technologies Inc. and Airbnb to this list, too -- have as much influence as a gathering of G-20 world leaders. It's natural for that kind of corporate power to breed resentment, as it did for 19th-century railroad barons. But a handful of technology companies now hold unprecedented sway in business, people's lives and the functioning of countries. How wisely they wield their power will dictate the winners and losers in the next generation of technology.  Tech Rules The market cap of the world's five biggest tech companies represent 12 percent of the S&P 500's total value Source: Bloomberg Note: Companies listed from highest to lowest market cap. In Europe, there is a mini-revolt by advertisers irked that their marketing pitches appeared next to YouTube videos featuring unsavory material like terrorist messages. Several companies, including French advertising giant Havas, have said they would temporarily stop buying ads on YouTube or Google more broadly.  Advertisers can't afford to boycott Google for long. Neither can the company afford to brush off the squabble with its usual promises to do better next time because signs of a rebellion are brewing. An executive from the world’s biggest advertiser, Procter & Gamble, said recently that his company could no longer tolerate the long-standing flaws of digital advertising such as fraudulent ad clicks and erroneous measurement. Walt Disney was spooked when it turned out the company was doing business with a YouTube series laced with anti-Semitic messages. My colleague Leila Abboud has suggestions for what Google can do differently. This feels different from the many, many controversies Google has weathered over the years, including previous flaps over how it polices material. The pushback isn’t coming from its users, regulators, journalists or the newspaper and television companies that are losing sales to Google. This time, the companies that pay Google’s bills are the ones complaining. (Advertising accounts for 88 percent of Alphabet’s annual revenue and 97 percent of Facebook's.) The gripes about Google -- and similar finger-pointing about bogus information spreading on Facebook -- aren’t new, but the complaints are growing louder as the companies' power grows. And in part, they have themselves to blame. Google and Facebook boast that their sophisticated technology can pinpoint 100 people who might buy a new pair of jeans. So why can’t those geniuses sniff out when an internet star's videos are laced with anti-Semitic commentary or accurately track how long people watch videos? Great power requires greater wisdom than Google has shown with its advertising customers. Like Wall Street banking and the stock market, advertising spending relies in part on trust and faith. When that evaporates, the ad money can, too.  Share of Alphabet's Revenue From Advertising 88% Just 30 miles north of Google headquarters, the near-daily headlines about Uber flouting regulatory rules and riding roughshod over its own employees have aggravated the public image that CEO Travis Kalanick rules over a ruthless and toxic company that misuses its power. Uber should worry because narratives can be hard to change. Talented workers might opt for a less controversial company. And for Uber to function it must maintain the faith of both supply (drivers) and demand (potential riders). Riders love Uber, or at least love the convenience of summoning a car with their phones. Some drivers, however, hate Uber. Of course, Uber could tell drivers to take a hike, as Kalanick essentially did in a verbal fight with a driver. But Uber needs drivers as much, or more, than drivers need Uber. That means Uber can bend but can't break its relationship with its drivers and potential ones.   I'm sympathetic to the tech powers under fire. Even with good intentions, it's not easy to run empires trying to upend health care, transportation, housing, finance, insurance or entertainment industries. Meddling in those areas naturally stokes passions and invites government scrutiny. That's all the more reason for tech rulers to be wise and benevolent. Otherwise the toxic stew of hubris and resentment could bring down their kingdoms.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. It's not uncommon for marketplace companies like Uber and eBay to spark fury among the merchants or drivers that depend on them.  To contact the author of this story: Shira Ovide in New York at sovide@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Daniel Niemi at dniemi1@bloomberg.net Altice debt $54 billion Magic Numbers The Other Page in Patrick Drahi's Billionaire Playbook Finance Leila Abboud Past Premium Past Premium Next has lost its superior rating to M&S as sales and profit have suffered Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Style and Substance Next's Island of Stability Consumer Andrea Felsted Spot the Crisis Spot the Crisis The discount for issuing in dollars and converting the proceeds into euros, rather than issuing in euros outright, is about 35 basis points Source: Bloomberg Keep Them Doggies Rollin' European Corporates Go West Markets Marcus Ashworth Go West Go West American Airlines is a laggard on Pacific routes, but it's catching up Source: Company traffic statistics Note: ASM = available seat miles, a measure of capacity showing the distance flown by aircraft multiplied by seats available on respective planes. blue-sky thinking American's Southern Comfort in China Consumer David Fickling A characteristic of banks less likely to be guaranteed Small Size matters Bondholders Trust China Too Much Finance Christopher Langner Confident Confident Danone said its deal for WhiteWave is nearing approval, which triggered a rally in WhiteWave shares that shrank the spread between the offer price and the stock Source: Bloomberg Done Deal WhiteWave Really Milked Danone Deals Tara Lachapelle Misery Misery Valeant's stunning fall from grace won't be undone by shifting its debts around Source: Bloomberg Iceberg Ahoy Valeant Rearranges Deck Chairs Health Max Nisen Prove It Prove It While GE has stuck to its target for $2.00 in EPS, analysts have grown increasingly less optimistic Source: Bloomberg Peltz Push GE May Need More Than Trian's Tough Love Industrials Brooke Sutherland Tame Tiger Tame Tiger Exxon needs shale output to help it thrive in a world of lower oil prices Queue & A Exxon Spells Out Why It Needs the Permian Energy Liam Denning High Hopes High Hopes Puerto Rico bonds rallied after U.S. lawmakers established a fiscal control board Source: S&P Municipal Bond Index All Stood Up 'Friend' Turns on Puerto Rico Bondholders Markets Lisa Abramowicz Quarterly growth in European EPS 12% Infrastructure pending Dumping the Trump Trade Markets Lionel Laurent PPG's proposal is worth €22.4 billion Nobel Act Akzo No-No-Nobel Data Chris Hughes Soaring Above Soaring Above Kingfisher's outperformance looks under threat from a retrenching consumer Source: Bloomberg Fresh Lick of Managementspeak Kingfisher's Extreme Makeover Consumer Andrea Felsted Proportion of sales from clickable ads 12 percent Sacrifice Tencent's Performance Problem Tech Tim Culpan Catch-Up Time Catch-Up Time CK Hutchison and Cheung Kong Property have underperformed the broader market Source: Bloomberg Stormy Weather Even Superman Li Faces Headwinds Industrials Nisha Gopalan Value of leased cars 38bn euros Too Much Credit? BMW's Hazard Lights Are Blinking Autos Chris Bryant The winner is TSMC New champ Chipzilla Got Toppled Tech Tim Culpan China government five-year bonds yield 3.141% Pump It Real Good Grab the Defibrillator. China's Going to Need It Markets Christopher Langner Hong Kong Life sale price HK$7.1 billion Fresh Baked Get Hong Kong Insurers While They're Hot Deals Nisha Gopalan Pickup Time Pickup Time FedEx had to lower its outlook on the economy throughout last year, but as of December it was expecting things to improve in 2017 Source: Bloomberg Silver Lining FedEx Earnings Are Worth a Second Look Industrials Brooke Sutherland If Only It Were That Simple If Only It Were That Simple Total value of home sales in China hit a record 9.9 trillion yuan last year Source: Blooomberg Good on paper Shifting Foundations in China Real Estate Christopher Langner Soggy Cereal Soggy Cereal As fresh foods and healthier options become more popular, traditional packaged-food giants such as General Mills are feeling the pain Source: Bloomberg Crunched Big G Is No 3G Deals Tara Lachapelle Last Time Apple Posted Quarterly Growth in iPad Sales 2013 iStruggle Apple's iPad Hopes Meet Harsh Reality Tech Shira Ovide Risk On Risk On Individual investors have been plowing into riskier stocks and bonds this year Source: Bank of America Merrill Lynch research American Static What Do Banks Know That Mom and Pop Don't? Markets Lisa Abramowicz Deutsche Bank is raising €8 billion Deutsche Bank The Wronged of Rights Offerings Data Chris Hughes
Kevin Hochman Promoted to President and Chief Concept Officer of KFC U.S. Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE:YUM) today announced that it has promoted Kevin Hochman to President and Chief Concept Officer of KFC U.S., reporting to Roger Eaton, Chief Executive Officer of KFC Global, effective immediately. Hochman, 43, will assume responsibility for driving overall KFC brand strategy and performance of the business in the U.S. with a continued focus on customers, franchisees, innovation and operational efficiency. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 21, 2017 09:15 AM Eastern Daylight Time LOUISVILLE, Ky.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE: YUM) today announced that it has promoted Kevin Hochman to President and Chief Concept Officer of KFC U.S., reporting to Roger Eaton, Chief Executive Officer of KFC Global, effective immediately. Hochman, 43, will assume responsibility for driving overall KFC brand strategy and performance of the business in the U.S. with a continued focus on customers, franchisees, innovation and operational efficiency. Kevin Hochman joined KFC U.S. as Chief Marketing Officer over three years ago. With Hochman’s leadership, KFC U.S. has grown same-store sales and transactions for ten consecutive quarters, bringing millions of customers back into the brand and fostering tighter collaboration with franchisees across the U.S. He previously worked in a number of brand management and marketing leadership roles at Procter & Gamble since 1995, including many of the company’s iconic brands in deodorant, shave and personal cleaning categories. “Kevin Hochman is an exceptional brand builder and marketing innovation leader with an extremely strong track record of success,” said Greg Creed, Chief Executive Officer, Yum! Brands. “He has led KFC’s incredible brand re-launch and brought back the greatest chicken salesman in the world, Colonel Sanders, to pop culture. He’s the perfect person to continue to grow and elevate KFC U.S. into a distinctive, relevant brand that people trust and champion. Kevin’s promotion is evidence that the power of Yum! Brands is our unrivaled culture and talent which gives us the advantage of drawing from a strong bench of executives when bigger leadership opportunities like this one arise.” Hochman replaces Jason Marker, who has served as KFC U.S. President for the past three years and has made the personal decision to resign from the Company to pursue other opportunities. “Kevin is a talented leader and brilliant marketer who cares deeply about the KFC U.S. business, his team and the success of our franchisees,” said Eaton. “He has played a key role in the Re-Colonelization effort – driving structural thinking, collaborative franchise relationships, great brand positioning and excellent advertising – which has contributed to the brand’s turnaround in the U.S. Kevin and his team are well positioned to ensure a seamless transition and focused on successfully executing KFC’s long-term growth strategy with our franchise partners in the U.S.” Eaton added, “I want to thank Jason Marker for his strong leadership and the many contributions he has made to Yum! Brands and KFC U.S. over the years and wish him continued success. As we look ahead, I couldn’t be more excited about the strength, growth and future of the KFC brand in the U.S. for our customers, employees and franchisees.” About KFC KFC Corporation, based in Louisville, Ky., is the world's most popular chicken restaurant chain. KFC specializes in Original Recipe®, Extra Crispy™, Kentucky Grilled Chicken® and Extra Crispy™ Tenders, Hot Wings™, Go Cups, KFC Famous Bowls®, Pot Pies, freshly hand prepared chicken sandwiches, biscuits and homestyle side items. There are over 20,000 KFC outlets in more than 125 countries and territories around the world. KFC Corporation is a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc., Louisville, Ky. (NYSE: YUM). For more information, visit www.kfc.com. Follow KFC on Facebook (www.facebook.com/kfc), Twitter (www.twitter.com/kfc) and Instagram (www.instagram.com/KFC). About Yum! Brands Yum! Brands, Inc., based in Louisville, Kentucky, has over 43,500 restaurants in more than 135 countries and territories and is one of the Aon Hewitt Top Companies for Leaders in North America. The company’s restaurant brands – KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell – are the global leaders of the chicken, pizza and Mexican-style food categories. Worldwide, the Yum! Brands system opens over six new restaurants per day on average, making it a leader in global retail development. Contacts Yum! Brands, Inc. Analysts are invited to contact: Keith Siegner, 888-298-6986 Vice President, Investor Relations, Corporate Strategy and Treasurer or Elizabeth Grenfell, 888-298-6986 Director, Investor Relations or Members of the media are invited to contact: Virginia Ferguson, 502-874-8200 Director, Public Relations Release Summary Kevin Hochman Promoted to President and Chief Concept Officer of KFC U.S. Contacts Yum! Brands, Inc. Analysts are invited to contact: Keith Siegner, 888-298-6986 Vice President, Investor Relations, Corporate Strategy and Treasurer or Elizabeth Grenfell, 888-298-6986 Director, Investor Relations or Members of the media are invited to contact: Virginia Ferguson, 502-874-8200 Director, Public Relations Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Upfronts 2017: Cable Nets Remind Advertisers TV Is About More Than Data By Jeanine Poggi - 29 minutes ago Array 0 The Connected Life Video: Finding the Magic in the Math 41 minutes ago Array 0 In a Blizzard of Cellphone Promos, McDonald's Tribute to a Teacher Stands Out on Viral Video Chart 1 hour ago Array 0 New iPhones Raise Funds to Fight AIDS; in China, Apple Doesn't Mention That By Angela Doland - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Chick-fil-A, Southwest Airlines, Dick's Sporting Goods and More By Catherine Gin - 1 hour ago Array 0 A House Sets Sail in This Dreamy Home Improvement Spot By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 SXSW Music: What Is Wrong With Us? By Geoff Cottrill - 7 hours ago 0 Production Costs Can Be Rigged Without Being Illegal By Emma Hall - 7 hours ago 0 Facebook Just Changed the Mobile Web Landscape With Header Bidding By George Slefo - 4 hours ago 0 Coalition for Better Ads Might Not Be the Solution Marketers Were Hoping For By George Slefo - 13 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 40 Under 40 - 2 days ago 0 Here Are the Podcasts That Influencers Turn to for Inspiration By Ad Age Staff - 2 days ago 0 Watch a Modern Ferris Bueller Track His Domino's Order By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 YouTube Clears Up Metrics Mess by Focusing on These Three Stats By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Study: Viewability Matters, But Likeability Matters Even More in Online Video By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Study: Viewability Matters, But Likeability Matters Even More in Online Video By Jack Neff. Published on March 21, 2017. Sales lift for Kellogg products improved the longer people watched ads -- but only up to 16 seconds. Credit: Nielsen Catalina Solutions Most Popular Ad viewability matters when it comes to generating sales with online video, but not as much as whether the ad is likable. That's according to a study of Kellogg Co. brands by Nielsen Catalina Solutions to be presented Tuesday at the Advertising Research Foundation annual conference -- and it's news that may warm the hearts of creatives. The study found that when online video ads reach the Media Rating Council standard (50% of pixels in view for at least two seconds) the resulting sales lift is much higher than when they don't. But longer view times up to 16 seconds had a much stronger correlation with sales. And ads deemed "likable" by panelists for copy testing firm Ace Metrix had the strongest sales lift of all – a 172 index where 100 is the average for people exposed to ads in the study. Surprisingly, hitting the right target audience or the number of impressions mattered relatively little. "There's a bit of a crisis of confidence in digital advertising right now," said NCS Chief Revenue Officer Andrew Feigenson. "I believe the way to get past that is through transparent metrics." And he said the study clearly suggests "a big difference between in view and not in view in terms of sales impact. But then we deconstructed that, and you see there's actually a value in views longer than two seconds." Marketers are far from unified on the subject. Procter & Gamble Co. is pushing for digital marketers to validate viewership at the MRC level. Unilever has been insisting on videos playing at least half their length -- which for 30-second ads would be right in that 7-16 second sweet spot. Digital measurement firm Moat and Yahoo's demand-side platform Brightroll, which served ads programmatically, also participated in the study involving undisclosed Kellogg brands. The study measured sales lift by matching people exposed to online video ads using Nielsen's online research panel with household sales results gleaned from Catalina's shopper loyalty card database. Sales for households where someone was exposed to the ads were compared to those where they weren't. The wide-ranging study looked at 15 factors that could affect sales impact from online video ads, including frequency of impressions and whether the ads hit their intended targets. Those two factors – among the most important things programmatic ad buying manages–were among the weakest influences on sales. The study supports the value of the MRC viewability standard – but with some important caveats. The biggest impact came between at 7-16 seconds, which had a sales-lift index of 164, well above the 82 index for ads that barely reached the MRC cutoff. Yet even ads below the MRC standard for viewing time generated some sales lift, though less than a third of that for viewable impressions. Still, given that those impressions may be free for advertisers who only pay for viewable impressions, the study suggests they may be getting something for nothing. The study also shows that the effect of hitting the MRC two-second standard isn't that different than just hitting Moat's standard for served impressions – ads that are audible and visible when fully loaded (AVOC) on a device. The sales-lift index for all MRC-viewable impressions was 154 vs. 135 for Moat's served impressions. Viewers who watched for two to four seconds -- just over the two-second minimum MRC threshold – had a sales-lift index at 82, well below that 135 level for Moat's AVOC impressions. The strong impact of likeability scores – which produced the biggest sales lift of all -- also raises the question of how important the media placement or the technology are vs. the quality of the creative and how well people simply like the ad. The strong correlation of both longer view times and likeability to sales, suggests people who liked the ads watched longer and bought more. That wasn't specifically tested in the study, however, Mr. Feigenson said. Viewable impressions did better, but served impressions as defined by Moat did nearly as well. Credit: Nielsen Catalina Solutions More surprisingly, the sales lift for people who "watched" ads longer than 16 seconds actually was lower than when for those who watched shorter periods. Those paradoxical results suggest the longest view times may come in part from people who have looked away, put down their phones or otherwise aren't paying attention. Or else some stayed around long enough to see something they didn't like. But that wasn't part of the study either. In this article: Ad Tech CMO Strategy CPG Digital Digital Video Media Mobile Packaged Food Research Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Right Turn Opinion Opinion Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Trump puts jobs at risk with his myopic economics The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jennifer Rubin By Jennifer Rubin March 21 Follow @JRubinBlogger Nissan technician David Newton uses a lift to move a front seat for installation into a new Altima on the assembly line at the Nissan Canton Vehicle Assembly Plant in Canton, Miss. (Rogelio V. Solis/Associated Press) A freshman college student can reel off a list of reasons that “buy American” and “hire American” are nonsensical and counterproductive economic notions (e.g. American firms rely on foreign-made component parts; we’d trigger a trade war with such a philosophy). Beyond those obvious flaws, President Trump and his economically illiterate staff seem to forget the role of foreign employers in the United States. Mark J. Perry of the American Enterprise Institute explains that “we don’t hear very much from Trump or others about the jobs that are ‘insourced’ into every US state by foreign companies, even though those insourced jobs totaled more than 6.4 million Americans in 2014 (most recent year available) and represent 5.2 percent of all private sector US jobs” (emphasis in original). He points out: “In other words, the insourcing of production and jobs to the U.S. has a significant and positive impact on our economy, and yet this huge economic stimulus gets almost no attention. All we hear about is the jobs that are allegedly being stolen from us by China and Mexico.” In addition, as other studies have shown, “$1.2 trillion of foreign direct investment is parked in … U.S. manufacturing, undergirding valued added activity, and supporting jobs and the tax base.” Discouraging or penalizing firms with such resources would undo any increased capital investment obtained by, for example, reforms in the corporate tax code. We want capital from all over the world invested here, including from foreign companies that may build plants, invest in our stock market and provide other economic fuel to increase American wealth. If we refuse to buy goods from “foreign companies,” we are helping to put out of work the 6.4 million Americans who work for them. The extent of that workforce boggles the mind: As a separate state, the $510 billion annual payroll of Americans working for foreign insourcing companies in the U.S. in 2014 would have ranked that group of American employees as the eighth largest U.S. “state” for Personal Income in that year, just behind No. 7 New Jersey at $516 billion and way head of No. 9 Ohio at $489 billion (emphasis in original). In carrying out their hysterical assault on “globalization,” Trump and Stephen K. Bannon would make the U.S. poorer, spark international conflict and undo an international economic order that has spread prosperity across the globe. “A more enlightened and up-to-date view of international trade would recognize the economic reality that modern businesses today operate in an increasingly globalized marketplace for their inputs, parts, materials, supplies along complex, cross-border supply and value chains that include multiple dozens of countries,” Perry cautions. “In addition, those global companies serve retail markets in hundreds of countries around the globe.” When the Trump team blithely declares that it wishes to undo international supply chains, it in essence threatens to reverse 70 years of economic growth and prosperity that we and the rest of the world have enjoyed. As Perry explains: Just like it makes economic and business sense for thousands of foreign companies to outsource jobs and production from their countries to every U.S. state (perhaps because the U.S. is one of their major retail markets), it also makes economic and business sense for thousands of U.S. companies to outsource jobs and production from the U.S. to foreign countries, perhaps also because overseas markets now represent more than 50% of [retail] sales for many U.S.-based companies like Apple (65% of 2015 sales were in foreign markets), Procter and Gamble (63% sales were overseas), Hewlett-Packard (62% foreign sales) and Pfizer (56% overseas sales). Hopefully, Team Trump can move beyond a simplistic, outdated view of the global economy based on a fixed number of jobs where countries have to fight to “steal” jobs from each other in a zero-sum, win-lose world, to a more advanced and sensible view of a dynamic world of inter-connected, cross-border transactions where production and employment decisions are grounded in the reality of economics, and not politics. One is struck by how little the Trump team seems to know about the operation of the U.S. economy. Perhaps hiring people who are devoid of public policy experience and who’ve lived their lives in the cocoon of Goldman Sachs finance means they are woefully underprepared to address major economic policy issues. The Bannon/Trump/Navarro worldview endangers the economic health of the United States, the jobs of millions of Americans and the stability of Western democracies. Those hurt the most will be those with the fewest resources and transferable skills — namely, the “forgotten men and women.” opinions right-turn Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective. Follow @JRubinBlogger 15 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Opinion Lincoln was a Republican, slavery is bad — and more discoveries by President Obvious 2 Perspective I was wrong about Rex Tillerson 3 Perspective Ivanka Trump’s West Wing job isn’t just unethical. It’s also dangerous. 4 Opinion Gorsuch’s big fat lie 5 Perspective Britons used to keep calm and carry on. Theresa May wants us to be scared. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions right-turn Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise AI visionary Andrew Ng announces he is to leave Baidu YouTube response to LGBTQ Restricted Mode controversy sparks anger Uber president Jeff Jones steps down, cites leadership differences Irishwoman Sarah Friar joins the board of Slack Weekend takeaway: Celebrating the pluck of the Irish Pinterest pinned to the Great Firewall of China by censors Which countries are the most and least prepared for cyberattacks? UK reveals aircraft cabin ban on electronics larger than phones More than 300 Cisco routers vulnerable to security flaw revealed by WikiLeaks US to ban electronics bigger than cell phones from certain flights IBM debuts commercial blockchain-as-a-service platform The five-minute CIO: Dr Chris Watson, PTC New York City sues Verizon over fibre roll-out disagreement No time for crossed lines as ComReg is thrust onto the European stage The five-minute CIO: Madalina Suceveanu, Vodafone Ireland Two-thirds of Irish internet connections can be called ‘broadband’ Vodafone Ireland claims 1Gbps mobile broadband breakthrough EU demands that Irish mobile operators respect roaming abolition Belfast start-up event offers £50,000 prize for best pitch 25 interesting European AI start-ups to watch in 2017 Startupbootcamp eyes medtech firms for Berlin accelerator Collison brothers listed among world’s youngest billionaires Tasty argument: Just Eat CTO will be in Dublin to explore the future of food French start-up Akeneo raises $13m for ‘CRM of products’ ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Trump signs $19.5bn NASA bill to fund 2030s Mars mission Dublin Maker puts out the call for 2017 showpieces Death spiral of a star mapped into the heart of a black hole Polly wants a giggle: New Zealand parrot shows infectious ‘laughter’ Exciting Ireland-US research collaboration confirmed by Taoiseach ERC at 10: What 23 researchers have done with European Research Council funding From farm to robot to fork: How IoT is moving us towards ‘agriculture 4.0’ Explainer: Additive manufacturing and industry 4.0 IBM and DCU call on the internet of things to save the world’s water Creativity and regulation needed for artificial intelligence Your data, your health: How we’re sensoring the human body New investment fund completely controlled by AI will soon go live How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What does machine learning mean for the future of work? Will the AI-powered workplaces of the future need humans? The dos and don’ts of building a successful sci-tech career 10 barriers that prevent success in DevOps Three Irish universities win Athena SWAN awards for gender equality progress Women ReBoot is bringing women back to work in tech 7 easy tips to make you switch off after work So you want to be a robotics engineer How to keep your employees happy How to start your UX career in five easy(ish) steps How to take good work breaks and become more productive How to ensure your company leaders are as inclusive as possible What is it like to be a graduate at PwC? 10 people to follow if you want a career in AI Dropbox: Lending our good fortune to the community The wonderful networking opportunity that is working in tech For BMS, Career Zoo is a matchmaker made in heaven More than half of Irish workplaces ban social media 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful An IoT career will give you the ability to move and learn Cork, Galway and Dublin jobs boost as three companies set up shop Irish regtech player Fenergo to hire 200 in major Dublin expansion The Circle widens: Payment app to double Dublin office to 30 5 surprising companies hiring in emerging technologies Dublin e-commerce company eShop World to create 250 jobs ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING 25 easy ‘teic’ terms you can try for Seachtain na Gaeilge Facebook encourages users to go ‘as Gaeilge’ for SnaG Twitter creates its version of a mute button in latest anti-abuse move Check out these amazing images from Sony photo award shortlist YouTube is entering the TV business and has Netflix in its sights YouTube confirms users watch 1bn hours of video a day Apple brings out Product (RED) edition iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones Where did I park my car? Google Maps will soon tell all First impressions: The Huawei P10 smartphone WhatsApp bows to angry users with promise to return popular feature Arrival of iOS 11 could ‘brick’ close to 200,000 apps Ireland’s biggest banks keep mum about Apple Pay launch Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse When is Stranger Things back? Netflix finally reveals all 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all ALL What does a data analyst do on a day-to-day basis? Closing the talent gap, one child at a time Looking for a job with a top sci-tech company? Make sure you stand out What changes can we make to tackle gender inequality? At Aon, diversity isn’t just for International Women’s Day Identifying lean and high-potential start-ups with Ash Maurya ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT MACHINES Creativity and regulation needed for artificial intelligence by Claire O’Connell 23 hours ago29 Shares Tech pioneer Inma Martinez will speak at the Inspirefest Salon Series in London. Image: Dan Taylor/Heisenberg Media The ‘artificially intelligent’ future needs regulation and human creativity, according to tech pioneer Inma Martinez, who will speak at the Inspirefest Salon in London this week. The computers are taking over! Or so it seems. With headlines declaring that supercomputers can now beat expert humans in complex strategic games and can even chug through the medical literature to diagnose disease, it’s easy to believe we are on the cusp of science-fiction becoming fact as artificial intelligence gets a mind of its own. But for technology pioneer and data scientist Inma Martinez, the precipitous rise of fast and flashy artificial intelligence (AI) comes as no surprise. We are now ‘almost vertical’ in the exponential growth in AI technology, and she stresses the need to regulate the AI industry, but reassures that as the computers get even ‘smarter’ we will still need human creativity. For those outside the field, it might feel as though AI has suddenly burst through, but not for Martinez, who was a pioneer in the early ‘personalisation services’ of the internet. Back in the early days of WAP (wireless access protocol), she worked on software that captured a user’s behaviours as they spent time on a website. “The more the person used the system, the more it got to know them, what links they clicked at what time of day, and then, the next time they logged in, that information was there for them,” she said. “In those days we didn’t even call it AI.” Such ‘narrow’ artificial intelligence – systems that do one thing very well – have been assisting us in the background for a long time, Martinez explained, citing the examples of email spam filters and software that assigns aircraft to gates at airports. “The world is full of these things that people are unaware of,” she said. ‘The machines are good at simulating being human, but not at being human’ – INMA MARTINEZ The rather flashier side of AI has been making the headlines with supercomputers beating experts in chess, Go and poker, and high-profile figures including Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking have expressed concerns over where AI might go. For Martinez, one of the most striking – and potentially scary – current developments in artificial intelligence is the rise of responsive robots, such as Spot the dog from Boston Dynamics, which bounces back from human kicks. “[That kind of] recovery is what shows intelligence,” she said. AI vs humanity But, as the algorithms advance, what will happen to humans? Martinez, who is today a venture partner at Deep Science Ventures and who advises on deriving value from data for companies including IBM, HP, P&G, Unilever, IDEO, Blackrock and Sony, believes human creativity will continue to shine through in a world of ‘smart’ computers. “The machines are good at simulating being human, but not at being human,” she said, noting that computers’ lack intuition and ‘gut feeling’. “The way to preserve humanity in the future, which will be full of robots, is by increasing the amount of creativity that society requires. Machines will do tedious things, not ballet or films.” Meanwhile, Martinez has serious concerns about the lack of regulation in artificial intelligence. “This is a non-regulated industry. There is no regulation about how far AI development can go,” she said. “This is a real industry and it is taking off, and no one is paying attention as to how it should be regulated.” Inma Martinez will be speaking at the Inspirefest 2017 Salon Series in London on 23 March, as well as on the Inspirefest stage in Dublin this summer. Inspirefest is Silicon Republic’s international event connecting sci-tech professionals passionate about the future of STEM. Book now to get your Early Bird tickets. Want stories like this and more direct to your inbox? Sign up for Tech Trends, Silicon Republic’s weekly digest of need-to-know tech news. Inma Martinez image: Dan Taylor/Heisenberg Media In-Depth: March of the Machines, Inspirefest Related: data science, AI, Inspirefest 2017 editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Ana Matronic among big names confirmed for Inspirefest 2017 28 Feb 2017138 Shares Hiring Now The largest employer in northwest Ireland Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Work smarter, live better Help develop the future of sales and trading People 14 role models for women who want a career in STEM 6 Feb 20171114 Shares Companies Ellen Pao confirmed as headline speaker at Inspirefest 2017 30 Jan 201748 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Machines Explainer: Additive manufacturing and industry 4.0 1 hour ago1 Share Jobs An IoT career will give you the ability to move and learn 2 hours ago1 Share People 10 people to follow if you want a career in AI 1 day ago130 Shares Latest News From farm to robot to fork: How IoT is moving us towards ‘agriculture 4.0’ 14 minutes ago Belfast start-up event offers £50,000 prize for best pitch 1 hour ago Explainer: Additive manufacturing and industry 4.0 1 hour ago 25 interesting European AI start-ups to watch in 2017 2 hours ago An IoT career will give you the ability to move and learn 2 hours ago Cork, Galway and Dublin jobs boost as three companies set up shop 3 hours ago Which countries are the most and least prepared for cyberattacks? 3 hours ago What does machine learning mean for the future of work? 4 hours ago Irish regtech player Fenergo to hire 200 in major Dublin expansion 4 hours ago UK reveals aircraft cabin ban on electronics larger than phones 4 hours ago What is it like to be a graduate at PwC? 5 hours ago AI visionary Andrew Ng announces he is to leave Baidu 5 hours ago The Circle widens: Payment app to double Dublin office to 30 5 hours ago Trump signs $19.5bn NASA bill to fund 2030s Mars mission 6 hours ago Dublin Maker puts out the call for 2017 showpieces 6 hours ago IBM and DCU call on the internet of things to save the world’s water 6 hours ago Will the AI-powered workplaces of the future need humans? 18 hours ago 5 surprising companies hiring in emerging technologies 22 hours ago Creativity and regulation needed for artificial intelligence 23 hours ago Apple brings out Product (RED) edition iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones 23 hours ago Your data, your health: How we’re sensoring the human body 1 day ago New investment fund completely controlled by AI will soon go live 1 day ago Startupbootcamp eyes medtech firms for Berlin accelerator 1 day ago Death spiral of a star mapped into the heart of a black hole 1 day ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Google's Video Nasties By Leila Abboud Compass International Pictures/Sunset Boulevard/Corbis via Getty Images Tech Leila Abboud Leila Abboud is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering technology. She previously worked for Reuters and the Wall Street Journal. Follow @labboudles Facebook Twitter Email Print Share March 21, 2017 7:45 AM EDT ALPHABET INC-CL A -0.34 At Closing, March 22nd 849.80 USD Google is battling a storm in the U.K., where hundreds of big advertisers from McDonald's Corp. to Tesco Plc have suspended marketing on its sites because of fears that their messages may be displayed near offensive content. New measures announced by the Alphabet Inc. unit fall way short of tackling the problem. They give advertisers a bit more control over where their ads appear on YouTube and on the Google network that places ads around the web. But all the tools are made by Google itself, leaving the world's biggest seller of advertising to police itself. Attention Span People are spending less time on websites per visit, making it harder to serve ads Source: State of Digital Advertising Report, Adobe Digital Insights Report It would be much better to let advertisers, and their agencies, use independent software to verify that campaigns aren't sitting next to unpleasant content. Google and Facebook Inc. have -- grudgingly -- opened up a tad to such third-party auditors, such as to check whether video ads are really seen and for how long. Yet they could do much more. In reality, they don't really want to clamp down since more controls reduce ad inventory and add to their costs. (As Gadfly colleague Shira Ovide points out, the tech giants' biggest enemy is hubris.) Better verification methods can add about 2 percent to the cost of an online ad campaign, according to a WPP-owned digital agency. But they protect brands by excluding inventory from sketchy sites featuring porn or extremist articles and videos. They can also weed out fraud, or when criminals use robots to generate fake page views. About one-fifth of the $80 billion spent on digital ads, excluding search, could be lost to such fraud, according to recent studies. Growing Up For the first time, more will be spent globally on web ads than television this year Source: ZenithOptimedia In the U.K., the present ruckus started in February when The Times of London showed video ads from big brands and government agencies were running alongside jihadist and neo-Nazi content. The stories prompted hearings in Parliament and outraged statements from companies unhappy to be accused of bankrolling such outfits with ad dollars. These issues have been around for years, of course, but there's little doubt that the honeymoon for online advertising is over. More marketing dollars are being spent online than ever, and automated systems are used to auction off space with little human oversight. Marketers specify a target audience, such as 30-something male car-buyers in Scotland, but they have no idea where their campaigns will actually show up.  All this has led big brand owners such as Procter & Gamble Co. to question the effectiveness of web spending. They're threatening to cut off online outlets that don't weed out "crappy" ads and fraud. U.S. digital advertising prices are rising five times faster than inflation, and much faster than television ads, according to a study from Adobe Systems Inc. Pay Up Online advertising prices in the U.S. are rising faster than television or inflation Source: State of Digital Advertising Report, Adobe Digital Insights Report Yet people spend less time on each website than before, perhaps because they're surfing from small screens on phones. Brands in the U.S. have doubled spending on search ads -- long seen as the best form of online marketing -- but it has only brought them an 11 percent increase in traffic, the Adobe data show. The data don't have quite the same shock factor as stories about Mercedes inadvertently bankrolling Islamic extremist preachers through YouTube ads. But the two problems show an unhealthy online ad market where brands are throwing away an awful lot of money. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Leila Abboud in Paris at labboud@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: James Boxell at jboxell@bloomberg.net Altice debt $54 billion Magic Numbers The Other Page in Patrick Drahi's Billionaire Playbook Finance Leila Abboud Past Premium Past Premium Next has lost its superior rating to M&S as sales and profit have suffered Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Style and Substance Next's Island of Stability Consumer Andrea Felsted Spot the Crisis Spot the Crisis The discount for issuing in dollars and converting the proceeds into euros, rather than issuing in euros outright, is about 35 basis points Source: Bloomberg Keep Them Doggies Rollin' European Corporates Go West Markets Marcus Ashworth Go West Go West American Airlines is a laggard on Pacific routes, but it's catching up Source: Company traffic statistics Note: ASM = available seat miles, a measure of capacity showing the distance flown by aircraft multiplied by seats available on respective planes. blue-sky thinking American's Southern Comfort in China Consumer David Fickling A characteristic of banks less likely to be guaranteed Small Size matters Bondholders Trust China Too Much Finance Christopher Langner Confident Confident Danone said its deal for WhiteWave is nearing approval, which triggered a rally in WhiteWave shares that shrank the spread between the offer price and the stock Source: Bloomberg Done Deal WhiteWave Really Milked Danone Deals Tara Lachapelle Misery Misery Valeant's stunning fall from grace won't be undone by shifting its debts around Source: Bloomberg Iceberg Ahoy Valeant Rearranges Deck Chairs Health Max Nisen Prove It Prove It While GE has stuck to its target for $2.00 in EPS, analysts have grown increasingly less optimistic Source: Bloomberg Peltz Push GE May Need More Than Trian's Tough Love Industrials Brooke Sutherland Tame Tiger Tame Tiger Exxon needs shale output to help it thrive in a world of lower oil prices Queue & A Exxon Spells Out Why It Needs the Permian Energy Liam Denning High Hopes High Hopes Puerto Rico bonds rallied after U.S. lawmakers established a fiscal control board Source: S&P Municipal Bond Index All Stood Up 'Friend' Turns on Puerto Rico Bondholders Markets Lisa Abramowicz Quarterly growth in European EPS 12% Infrastructure pending Dumping the Trump Trade Markets Lionel Laurent PPG's proposal is worth €22.4 billion Nobel Act Akzo No-No-Nobel Data Chris Hughes Soaring Above Soaring Above Kingfisher's outperformance looks under threat from a retrenching consumer Source: Bloomberg Fresh Lick of Managementspeak Kingfisher's Extreme Makeover Consumer Andrea Felsted Proportion of sales from clickable ads 12 percent Sacrifice Tencent's Performance Problem Tech Tim Culpan Catch-Up Time Catch-Up Time CK Hutchison and Cheung Kong Property have underperformed the broader market Source: Bloomberg Stormy Weather Even Superman Li Faces Headwinds Industrials Nisha Gopalan Value of leased cars 38bn euros Too Much Credit? BMW's Hazard Lights Are Blinking Autos Chris Bryant The winner is TSMC New champ Chipzilla Got Toppled Tech Tim Culpan China government five-year bonds yield 3.141% Pump It Real Good Grab the Defibrillator. China's Going to Need It Markets Christopher Langner Hong Kong Life sale price HK$7.1 billion Fresh Baked Get Hong Kong Insurers While They're Hot Deals Nisha Gopalan Pickup Time Pickup Time FedEx had to lower its outlook on the economy throughout last year, but as of December it was expecting things to improve in 2017 Source: Bloomberg Silver Lining FedEx Earnings Are Worth a Second Look Industrials Brooke Sutherland If Only It Were That Simple If Only It Were That Simple Total value of home sales in China hit a record 9.9 trillion yuan last year Source: Blooomberg Good on paper Shifting Foundations in China Real Estate Christopher Langner Soggy Cereal Soggy Cereal As fresh foods and healthier options become more popular, traditional packaged-food giants such as General Mills are feeling the pain Source: Bloomberg Crunched Big G Is No 3G Deals Tara Lachapelle Last Time Apple Posted Quarterly Growth in iPad Sales 2013 iStruggle Apple's iPad Hopes Meet Harsh Reality Tech Shira Ovide Risk On Risk On Individual investors have been plowing into riskier stocks and bonds this year Source: Bank of America Merrill Lynch research American Static What Do Banks Know That Mom and Pop Don't? Markets Lisa Abramowicz Deutsche Bank is raising €8 billion Deutsche Bank The Wronged of Rights Offerings Data Chris Hughes
Advertisement Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement THE BLOG Why Feminism Is Good News For Publishers And Advertisers 21/03/2017 13:10 Stuart Flint Managing director, AOL UK It always surprises and angers me to hear people being "accused" of feminism, as if it is something to be ashamed of. Surely something that stands for choice, equality and freedom should be worn as a badge of honour? And before you wonder why a man is writing this piece, I want to be clear that I'm proud to call myself a feminist. Yesterday, I heard a great quote at our MAKERS Advertising Week panel - "men of quality don't fear equality". All over the world, we're seeing men and women openly take up the mantle to advance gender equality, and in today's uncertain political climate, it's a cause that's firmly gathering pace. From Women's Marches to International Women's Day and "A Day Without a Woman", we're seeing women's rights quite rightly take centre stage. Feminism is unapologetically entering a mainstream era - and I see this as something we should all be celebrating. Is it fair to say that gender equality is now being viewed more equally, and championed by both sexes? Rather than feeling alienated from the concept of feminism, men are now embracing a sense of responsibility to empower women. According to a 2016 survey by the Fawcett Society, 86% of British men said they supported equality of opportunity for women, while campaigns such as #HeForShe go a long way to engage men as agents of change. As a man, father and the MD of AOL UK, we need to all push for gender equality and it can't just be a woman's fight on her own. As the actress Emilia Clarke said in her recent blog post for The Huffington Post UK, "when a girl grows up as part of a family that makes no distinction between the opportunities that a daughter has compared to a son, it means she doesn't have any reason to believe she can't accomplish whatever she sets her mind to". I know the kind of world I'd like my daughter to grow up in, and there's no shortcut that will get us there. With 3.52billion women in the world, we all have an important role to play if we're going to achieve true equality of the sexes. But not only is it a question of right and wrong, it is fundamental to the way we build brands and communicate with our audiences. Women are more likely than men to use the internet on their mobile phones - women account for the majority (52%) of all UK smartphone internet time. Globally, women control about $20trillion in annual consumer spending, and that figure could climb as high as $28trillion in the next five years. Their $13trillion in total yearly earnings could reach $18trillion in the same period. In aggregate, women represent a growth market bigger than China and India combined. Women are also the decision makers in the purchases of 94% of home furnishings, 92% of vacations, 91% of homes, 60% of automobiles and 51% of consumer electronics. The evidence is there for all of us to see, although in reality none of it should come as a surprise. With Western society placing a stronger focus on women's empowerment, brands need to be reaching women in the right way. Worryingly, research last year from Unilever found that the issue of stereotyping, conscious or otherwise, is most acute in the portrayal of women. Just 3% of ads feature women in managerial, leadership or professional roles, and many are "disproportionately" represented in domestic roles. But the tide is turning. From P&G and Nike, to Dove and Sport England's This Girl Can campaign, brands are increasingly becoming aware that women do not relate to stereotyping and are changing their advertising accordingly. And as brands stand up against the rigid image of femininity, and speak to women as individuals rather than as a homogeneous group, they are looking to platforms and publishers that align with their beliefs and objectives. Because feminism also represents a powerful opportunity for publishers. At AOL, we are committed to empowering women through our own portfolio of brands including MAKERS, The Huffington Post and BUILD. We invest in content that inspires, educates, and entertains women across their interests and passions. And the stats prove it's also what our audiences want. As part of All Women Everywhere, our month-long project on HuffPost UK, Emilia Clarke's guest blog had more than 269,000 social interactions from consumers who applauded her stance on what it means to be a woman and equality. But as brands and publishers look to create more diverse and intelligent content for women, they also need to ensure this movement is reflected in the way they empower the women they employ. We need to walk the walk. The IPA has set targets for the industry's senior management to be 40% female by 2020, and we're still some way off hitting that mark - the current figure for the ad industry stands at 27%. And according to a study last year from City University, the British journalism industry doesn't fare much better at 94% white and 55% male. At AOL, I have a responsibility to build a legacy that supports zero distinction between men and women. Tim Armstrong, our CEO, has very openly stated that we will have 50:50 women to men ratio in senior leadership positions by 2020. It is crucial that we develop and nurture the existing female talent we have within the business, as well those who we recruit, and make sure all opportunities are open for women to succeed. There are no right answers to how we go about driving the right behaviors, it is going to be different for all businesses and mistakes are going to be made, but that's OK? because change is never smooth but is incredibly exciting. It's not a case of breaking the glass ceiling, but removing it altogether. During Advertising Week and beyond, we need to reflect on the industry as a whole. We have an obligation to accurately represent women and drive equality through our storytelling. Feminism is not niche and it's not a fad. Equality of the sexes benefits us all - male and female - and it's good news for advertisers and publishers alike. Stuart Flint is the managing director of AOL UK Follow Stuart Flint on Twitter: www.twitter.com/stflinty More: Adweek Adweek Europe Advertising Week Europe Aol Stuart Flint Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK DAILY BRIEF Learn more Newsletter 1.19 M 185 K 22.3 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Why Feminism Is Good News For Publishers And Advertisers CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Money Investing Shares Funds Buy to let ISAs JISAs SIPPs Special reports Telegraph Investor More Telegraph Money Investing Funds Five funds that will pay your pension AND generate capital for your heirs Coca Cola is among an elite of global firms with a multi-decade history of growing its dividend. Coke's divi has increased for 55 years Richard Dyson 21 March 2017 • 8:52am Annuity rates are rising - which is good news for retirees who are prepared to swap a lump sum for an income paid for life. But the rates are still poor in comparison to other returns. Importantly, annuity returns are still, in many cases, less than the income you could hope to receive from a diversified investment fund. With the latter, with luck, you will end up retaining or even growing your original capital. What you get from an annuity Say a man aged 65 with a wife aged 60 spent £100,000 on an annuity paying a flat (non-inflation linked) income for life. Assume the way the annuity is set up means the wife gets two-thirds of the original income when her husband dies, lasting until she too dies. At today's rates the starting annual income would be £4,337, according to pensions consultancy Retirement-IQ. This is better than it has been: as recently as September 2016 the income would have been £3,800 per year. Say the husband lives the average life expectancy and dies aged 86. His widow, also living the average number of years for her age, dies five years later aged 88. In total the annuity will pay £4,337 for 21 years (£91,072) and then £2,891 for five years (£14,455). That gives an entire payout of £105,527. There will be nothing left to bequeath to children or other heirs. Choose Telegraph Investor for fast, efficient online dealing in ISAs, SIPPS and Trading accounts.  Capital at risk and why you might do much better investing in funds While low interest rates have driven down many forms of investment returns, portfolios of shares which are selected and overseen with the aim of delivering a stream of dividends compare favourably with annuities. They are more attractive than an annuity for two reasons. Firstly, unlike the annuity, many funds have a record of increasing their dividends year after year. By contrast, the annuity above pays a flat rate, leaving the recipients at the mercy of inflation. Secondly, and vitally, the funds' capital value is retained - and should even grow with time. When the first spouse dies the other should continue to receive an income that is not reduced. And when the second spouse dies, there should still be a sizeable portion of capital - possibly larger than the original sum invested - to bequeath to children or other heirs. But which funds? The following funds are selected on the basis of relatively high current yields. The yield is a measure of income, based on recent dividends paid, set against the share price today. Provided dividends remain the same, the yield thus reflects your likely "rate of income". The other selection criterion for most of the funds named below is that they have a long history of having paid dividends that rise every year. This is important because it indicates a commitment to prioritising payments. But no dividends can be guaranteed. Future dividends and capital values could both fall. So opting for a fund, as opposed to the certainty of an annuity where an insurance company takes the risk, carries dangers as well as offering opportunities. 1. Murray Income Dividend Yield: 4.17pc Number of consecutive years of dividend increases: 43 Share price five years ago: 668p Share price today: see chart below Total dividend growth over the past five years: 8.4pc This £607m portfolio of British shares includes among its biggest holdings classic dividend payers such as British American Tobacco, Unilever and BP. You could expect these shares to perform less well in coming months or years if, as generally expected, interest rates begin to rise. Even so, their ability to contribute dividends to the fund and thus on through to shareholders is relatively secure. The portfolio has been managed by the same team at Aberdeen Asset Management since 2006. Investors opting for this would start with an initial investment income of below the annuity payout. If dividends grew in future at the rate they have over the past five years, in 20 years the dividend income on an initial £100,000 invested would be £5,834. MUT 2. The Merchants Trust Dividend Yield: 5.03pc Number of consecutive years of dividend increases: 34 Share price five years ago: 391p Share price today: see chart below Total dividend growth over the past five years: 4.3pc A high yield on this fund means the investors immediately beat the annuity income. While Merchants, which is a £680m fund invested again in British companies, offers this excellent start, its history of dividend growth has been less attractive. If dividends grew in future at the rate they have over the past five years, in 20 years the dividend income on an initial £100,000 invested would be £7,037. MRCH 3. JPMORGAN Claverhouse Yield: 3.43pc Number of consecutive years of dividend increases: 44 Share price five years ago: 435p Share price today: see chart below Total dividend growth over the past five years: 22pc Yet another British-focused portfolio with a long history and a conservative mandate to provide income and yet grow capital. It has done both well in the past with a dividend record of 44 years' consecutive increases and steep climbs in recent payouts. The portfolio is worth £456m. If dividends grew in future as they have over the past five years, in 20 years the dividend income on an initial £100,000 invested would be £8,256. JCH 4. Scottish American Dividend yield: 5.03pc Number of consecutive years of dividend increases:  Share price 5 years ago: 232p Share price today: see chart below Total dividend growth over the past five years: 5.1pc A globally-invested fund, this portfolio - with total holdings worth £542m - is tilted towards major stocks which themselves demonstrate great commitment to rewarding shareholders with regular dividends. Top holdings include Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson. A low starting yield and a relatively sluggish historic growth in dividends could mean you'd be earning less income here than with an annuity. But your payback should be in the form of capital growth. If dividends grew in future at the rate they have over the past five years, in 20 years the dividend income on an initial £100,000 invested would be £3,912. SCAM 5. City of London Yield: 3.87pc Number of consecutive years of dividend increases: 50 Share price five years ago: 301p Share price today: see chart below Total dividend growth over the past five years: 16.1pc A firm favourite among Your Money readers and regularly featured in our coverage, this £1.5bn investment trust has been managed in a consistent style - and with more or less constant success - by the same portfolio manager, Job Curtis, for 25 years. Even that length of tenure fades somewhat when you consider that this investment company has been serving savers since 1891. Since Mr Curtis's appointment in 1991, the portfolio has returned an annual 9.3pc, according to statisticians Morningstar - which comfortably beats both the wider market and peers. It invests in mainly London-listed stocks. If dividends grew in future at the rate they have over the past five years, in 20 years the dividend income on an initial £100,000 invested would be £8,256. CTY CTY Follow us for more investing ideas: @TelegraphInvest  For investment tips and ideas five days a week, read Questor Transfer your Isa to Telegraph Investor and get up to £500 cashback. Cashback depends on the transfer value see Terms for details. Your capital is at risk. Whilst transfer is in progress you will be unable to trade. Share this article Follow The Telegraph Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter READ MORE ABOUT: ISAs Income investing Investment trusts Show more Money latest 23 Mar 2017, 10:42am State pension age: look up when you will retire 23 Mar 2017, 10:42am 'Can I put my home in trust to dodge care costs?' 23 Mar 2017, 6:52am Questor: Anthony Bolton’s old trust has doubled in three years but the discount is still 14pc Premium 01:15 23 Mar 2017, 6:00am How the value of the pound affects you 22 Mar 2017, 3:36pm State pension postcode lottery: will you get more or less than the UK average? 22 Mar 2017, 12:25pm Cheques will clear in just 24 hours thanks to smartphone imaging tech 22 Mar 2017, 12:23pm Colin Montgomerie is suing his wife for £5million over their post-nup but why are they on the rise? 01:12 22 Mar 2017, 10:05am New £1 coin: but should I hoard my existing £1 coins? 22 Mar 2017, 8:00am These 18 texts and emails are 'from' HMRC, banks and leading shops. Which are scams? 22 Mar 2017, 7:57am 'Should we get divorced to cut our stamp duty bill?' Premium 22 Mar 2017, 7:45am Questor: Unilever may appear to be expensive, but this is a business of unique quality Premium 22 Mar 2017, 7:45am Finance geek, aged 22: my money advice for other millennials 21 Mar 2017, 10:00pm Pension raid on middle-class savers is off the cards, private Treasury correspondence says  21 Mar 2017, 5:04pm Meet the millennials who'd rather go travelling than save up for a house 21 Mar 2017, 2:56pm Inflation hits 2.3pc, as savers warned prices to rise faster than expected 21 Mar 2017, 11:29am House prices climb as supply falters - but the market is slowing 21 Mar 2017, 9:01am 'I spent everything on my £900k 'project' house. How do I raise £325k to fix it up?' Premium 21 Mar 2017, 8:10am My smart meter's so 'dumb' I have to press seven buttons to get a reading 21 Mar 2017, 8:07am Don't miss this £2,050 tax-free Isa boost 21 Mar 2017, 8:02am Set up the best Isa for your child or grandchild 21 Mar 2017, 8:00am Isa 2017: 'Can I keep inheritance tax break when Aim shares get promoted?' If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Cascade Coffee chair, wife win Providence’s Buddy Gould Award Tue Mar 21st, 2017 1:30am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Providence General Foundation awarded Phil and Kelly Johnson its Budd Gould Award at the 31st Annual Epicurean Affair on March 14 at Anthony’s Homeport Restaurant in Everett. The award is presented each year to honor those who have had an extraordinary impact on Providence and the local community. Providence General Foundation is the fundraising organization for Providence Regional Medical Center Everett. Phil Johnson, who gave $1 million to the Campaign for Providence, is the founder of Millstone Coffee. He started the Millstone in 1981, and sold it to Procter & Gamble in 1994 and then started Cascade Coffee, one of the top coffee roasting and supply companies in the country, where he still serves as chairman today. While they have a home in Hawaii and travel extensively following their recent marriage, the Johnsons call Everett their home. Kelly Johnson relocated to Everett from California where she works in the music industry.   Most Read Most expensive home in county ‘takes your breath away’ It looks like something plucked out of a European countryside and dropped… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jim Davis Sheriff peeved by federal shaming over immigration policy EVERETT — A new federal report calls out the Snohomish County Sheriff’s… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Commissioners reprimanded for racially insensitive remarks EVERETT — Jokes about race, even those made in private, serve to… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Rikki King Man in Snohomish dies after police use Taser during arrest SNOHOMISH — A man died in police custody overnight after an electronic… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Herald Staff Program for developmentally disabled adults looks to expand MARYSVILLE — A group of adults with developmental disabilities, plus a handful… Mar 22nd, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Even more brands have joined a boycott against Google over ads on extremist videos 934 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Google is facing a growing advertiser boycott in the UK. Image: david paul morris/Getty Images By Patrick Kulp2017-03-21 00:38:20 UTC Google now has a full-scale advertiser revolt on its hands. A host of British brands and governmental groups pulled their business from the search giant's platform last week after reports showed that ads were surfacing on YouTube videos from terrorists and hate-mongers. Several more joined in over the weekend, including three of the UK's largest banks — HSBC, Royal Bank of Scotland, and Lloyds — and British department store Marks & Spencer. SEE ALSO: Google swears ads will stop showing up in the absolute worst places The crisis was enough to prompt ad industry analyst Brian Wieser to downgrade parent company Alphabet's stock from "buy" to "hold" on Monday. He warned that the backlash has the potential to spill out from the UK to the rest of the world.  "We think that the problems which have come to light will have global repercussions as UK marketers potentially adapt their UK policies to other markets and as marketers around the world become more aware of the problem," Wieser wrote in a research note from his firm, Pivotal Research. As of Monday afternoon, Alphabet stock was only down around a half a percent after trading at an all-time-high price in recent days. The Royal Bank of Scotland isn't too keen on advertising on offensive videos. Image: AP/REX/Shutterstock The ads in question were first uncovered through a series of investigations by The Times of London and The Guardian in recent weeks. The papers found that Google's automated systems were placing ads for major brands on videos of former KKK leader David Duke, Islamic State sympathizers and a homophobic preacher who praised the Orlando nightclub shooting, among other controversial content.  It's unclear whether these mistakes are more common in the UK, or that's simply where they're getting press attention at the moment. But Google's head of European operations, Matt Brittin, also conceded the global scope of the issue during a public apology at the Advertising Week Europe conference on Monday, according to AdAge's report.  "This is a good opportunity for me to say sorry, this should not have happened, and we need to do better," Britten said. Google offered another mea culpa in a blog post last Friday after the British government called a hearing with the company to determine why taxpayer-funded ads were found in such disturbing places. Neither of the apologies offered much in the way of concrete fixes, beyond a vague promise to figure one out in the coming weeks. Wieser cited the lack of clear direction as one of the reasons for the downgrade. "The approach comes across to us as attempting to minimize the problem rather than eliminating it, which is the standard we think that many large brand advertisers expect," he wrote.  You can probably expect to see more hat-in-hand statements from Google this week as its execs face crowds of wary ad professionals at one of the industry's biggest conferences in London. "This is a good opportunity for me to say sorry, this should not have happened, and we need to do better" Google and Facebook currently have duopoly control over the online ads market. Some leading industry figures have recognized that collective force among big brands is the only way to counterbalance that power. Leading the charge is Marc Pritchard, chief marketing officer at the world's biggest advertiser, Procter & Gamble, who's been outspoken in his criticism of the digital ads model. "The days of giving digital a pass are over," Pritchard said in a call to arms at an Association of National Advertisers meeting in January. "It's time to grow up. It's time for action." The boycott in the UK seems to be one of the first instances of advertisers actually following through with that sentiment.  With other long-simmering tensions between marketers and digital platforms now reaching a head — including rampant ad fraud, transparency in how ads are sold, and measurement concerns — it may be only the beginning.  WATCH: Is ad blocking wrong?           Topics: Advertising, alphabet, Business, Google, YouTube About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
