THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 22 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Dubai developer Damac's tower to go on sale in Qatar UAE’s Dana Gas receives overdue $20mln from Egypt Barwa signs Madinat Al Mawater phase-2 contract Boeing Co signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia Dubai developer Damac's tower to go on sale in Qatar Barwa signs Madinat Al Mawater phase-2 contract Dubai's Arabtec wins construction contract for Wasl Tower UAE's Danube expects business to grow by at least 5% in 2017 Dubai's Arabtec wins construction contract for Wasl Tower UAE's Danube expects business to grow by at least 5% in 2017 Sheikh Zayed Mosque, building inaugurated in Oxford 5,800 new housing units to be delivered in Qatar by year-end Oil rises on expectation of extended, possibly deepened output cut OPEC heads towards supply cut extension as Saudi signals most on board Saudi says all "on board" to extend oil cuts for 9 months Abu Dhabi Masdar to test three solar energy systems UAE’s Dana Gas receives overdue $20mln from Egypt No exceptions: All businesses in Saudi with $100,000 revenues covered by VAT UAE banking sector's liquidity condition improves In surprise move, Egypt central bank hikes key interest rates Saudi Arabia comfortable with 2017 budget deficit Jordan secures $100mln loan from Islamic Bank for Development Takaful captures 9.6% of Egypt total insurance premiums in two months UAE's Dana Gas creditors appoint Moelis and Weil for sukuk restructuring GCC firms need to review IT policies to attract millennials Only 30% of Mideast firms have data encryption strategy Dubai Ruler Mohammed bin Rashid launches "2071 Zone" Dubai launches world's first Robocop Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global No exceptions: All businesses in Saudi with $100,000 revenues covered by VAT Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism WEF: Middle East must address inefficient labour markets Great opportunities for GCC-US cooperation: Mohamed bin Zayed No exceptions: All businesses in Saudi with $100,000 revenues covered by VAT Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism Boeing Co signs defense, commercial deals with Saudi Arabia GCC firms need to review IT policies to attract millennials WEF: Middle East must address inefficient labour markets UAE minister sees chance for Iran to reset "troubled" ties Saudi king says Iran at forefront of global terrorism Rebels leave last opposition district in Syria's Homs UAE’s Dana Gas receives overdue $20mln from Egypt WEF: Middle East must address inefficient labour markets In surprise move, Egypt central bank hikes key interest rates Saudi king says Iran at forefront of global terrorism Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism Great opportunities for GCC-US cooperation: Mohamed bin Zayed Trump calls on Arab leaders to do their fair share to 'drive out' terrorism Saudi king says Iran at forefront of global terrorism Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Saudi oil minister due in Iraq to discuss extension to output cuts Stronger oil may lift Gulf, surprise rate hike could hurt Egypt Gold prices dip as Asian stocks gain, but Trump worries support Saudi index hits 7,000 level as oil jumps Stronger oil may lift Gulf, surprise rate hike could hurt Egypt Saudi index hits 7,000 level as oil jumps Saudi basks in Trump glow, most of region moves little Abu Dhabi's Mubadala commits $15bln to SoftBank Vision Fund Depreciating Pakistani rupee a risk Softer dollar may be stock silver lining amid Washington drama Sovereign funds pull $8.4bln from global markets in Q1 Dollar nurses losses as Washington rocked by new probe into Trump campaign Saudi oil minister due in Iraq to discuss extension to output cuts Gold prices dip as Asian stocks gain, but Trump worries support Saudi index hits 7,000 level as oil jumps Oil rises on expectation of extended, possibly deepened output cut Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi GACA to enforce new consumer rights protocol Why Ramadan Wednesdays are worst for motorists in UAE? Dubai launches world's first Robocop Bahrain's top Shi'ite cleric gets one year suspended jail sentence Oman Air to review new baggage policy Saudi GACA to enforce new consumer rights protocol Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism WEF: Middle East must address inefficient labour markets Muslim world pledges to stamp out roots of terrorism Why Ramadan Wednesdays are worst for motorists in UAE? Saudi king says Iran at forefront of global terrorism Trump to call on Arab leaders to confront 'crisis of Islamist extremism' Oman Air to review new baggage policy Qatar's new law will provide more than legal certainty Authorities crack down on commercial outlets in UAE capital Oman weathers ransomware cyber attack Splitsville: Divorce rate in Kuwait touches an alarming 60% More than 22,000 deported from Saudi Arabia in six months Dubai Crown Prince issues resolution regulating use of recreational motorcycles Drivers beware: New traffic rules, new fines in UAE soon Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports No need to worry, UAE divers and fishermen say after shark attack UAE films now eligible for Oscar nomination Real Madrid title win "an incredible feeling" for Zidane Sheikh Zayed Mosque, building inaugurated in Oxford Oman to reject imported food products without certificate India to promote ayurveda in UAE More than half of world's deaths still have no recorded cause -WHO Saudi ministry toughens conditions for sale of controlled medicines 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years Amazon's Souq v Alabbar's Noon: the Middle East's e-commerce battle The Dubai story behind Aishwarya Rai’s Cannes dress Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Bridesmaid to bride: Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded wedding Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Saudi Mobily offers 300% free credit in Haj and Umrah package Ramadan is make-or-break for Saudi Arabia's religious tourism sector Emirates to offer in-flight iftar meals in Ramadan UAE films now eligible for Oscar nomination The Dubai story behind Aishwarya Rai’s Cannes dress Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Bridesmaid to bride: Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded wedding Real Madrid title win "an incredible feeling" for Zidane Rohit Sharma eyes revenge in IPL final against Dhoni World Cup indoor cricket fever grips teams Tennis-Nadal expects Murray challenge at French Open despite form dip Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article education Five more global companies join UAE's Jafza Tumoohi programme 21 May, 2017 21 companies support training Emirati workforce of the future 21 May 2017 Dubai, United Arab Emirates - Five new global companies have signed up to be part of Jafza’s Tumoohi programme that provides UAE Nationals with work experience and employment opportunities. DP World Group Chairman and CEO Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem signed a series of agreements with Michelin, Danube Group, Transworld Logistics, Conares and Al Dobowi recently bringing the total number of companies participating in the programme to 21. The Five new companies join industry leaders such as P&G, Unilever, Proclad and Mars GCC, Nestle, GE and others to provide young Emiratis the specialised job skills and technical expertise required by the job market coupled with one-on-one mentorship from leading professionals in their respective fields. Appreciating the enthusiastic response from Jafza’s customers, Mr Bin Sulayem, said: "It is very encouraging that another distinguished group of companies have decided to join Tumoohi, keen to help us train Emiratis and improve their chances of obtaining jobs that suit their aspirations. Advertisement “In line with the vision of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, the initiative forges strategic partnerships between national and international companies. It creates more jobs in the private sector for talented UAE nationals and boosts the participation of youth in the labour market, creating new opportunities for them." Mr. Bin Sulayem added that the initiative will help integrate university education and vocational training and assist young people in developing their understanding of organisational culture. Tumoohi, Arabic for ‘my ambition’, helps UAE nationals increase their career development opportunities with positions that best suit their aptitude, specialisation and ambitions. The programme, developed by Jafza’s Human Resources Department, aims to provide the next generation of entrepreneurs a range of appropriate skills and expertise to meet the future needs of the UAE and its diversified economy. Trainees receives extensive guidance from experienced professionals helping them acquire valuable practical experience that will develop their future careers. Training periods range from 6-12 months with a monthly salary with the possibility of employment in the companies they are placed in line with their abilities and the availability of vacancies. -Ends- About Jebel Ali Free Zone (Jafza) Jebel Ali Free Zone (Jafza) is one of the world’s leading free trade zones.  A DP World-owned company, the free zone was created in 1985 to promote trade and support container throughput at the Jebel Ali Port. Today it is one of the largest free zones globally and the region’s most efficient logistics hub.  Located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, between the world’s most productive container terminal, Jebel Ali Port, and Al Maktoum International Airport, Jafza provides the best in multi-modal connectivity. Jafza accounts for almost 32% of total FDI (Foreign Direct Investment) flow ‎into the country. ‎The free zone contributes 21% of Dubai’s GDP on a yearly basis and it sustains the employment of more than 144,000 people in the United Arab Emirates.  In 2015, Jafza generated trade worth USD 87.6 billion. As the leading business hub between Asia, Europe and Africa, the fastest growing producing and consumer markets globally, with over 30 years’ experience, Jafza focuses on long-term customer relationships.  Jafza builds alliances with global investors by providing them with world-class infrastructure and support, plus quality-driven value-added services and incentives. Jafza enables its customers to access huge business opportunities in the region with ease and efficiency. © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: business uae jobs Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Shurooq's Bodour Al Qasimi named Chair of WEF's MENA Regional Business Council 20 hours ago Fallon joins Memac Ogilvy to lead government & international affairs practice across MENA region 22 hours ago  from Memac Ogilvy PR Emirates Post Group appoints Chief Happiness & Positivity Officer 2 days ago Clean Energy Business Council appoints Stephane le Gentil as new CEO Clean Energy Business Council appoints Stephane le Gentil as their new chief executive officer (CEO). 17 May 2017 Qatar's Sidra appoints Abdulrazaq Al Kuwari as Chief of corporate services 17 May 2017 US's GE appoints KDU as value-added re seller for dynamic positioning systems to enhance marine operational efficiency KDU Worldwide reseller for product range of SeaStream and Sealyte dynamic positioning (DP) systems. 16 May 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Editor's Choice » Sci-fi Meets Arab Mythology At TEDx Jeddah ALSO IN News 1 - 5 OF 15 Israel: 'Special Procedures' for Palestinians During Ramadan Turkish President Re-appointed as AKP Leader Bahrain Gives Top Shia Cleric a One-year Suspended Sentence Egypt’s Sisi to Host Trump ‘Very Soon’ Trump Calls on Muslim Leaders to Combat ‘Crisis of Islamic Extremism' Trump's Message to the Middle East: "Nobody makes it like the United States" Three Sentenced to Death in Gaza over Hamas Chief’s Killing Egyptian Army Destroys Two Cross Border Tunnels with Gaza Trump Leaves Mounting Scandals at Home as Saudi Visit Takes Centre Stage Palestinians Call for ‘Day of Rage’ Against Trump’s Visit to Occupied Territories Six Killed as Militants Storm Bank in Afghanistan Rouhani: Iran Says ‘No’ to ‘Those Who Want to go Back in Time’ US and Saudi Arabia Ink $350 Billion Arms Deal Daesh-claimed Suicide Bombings Kill 35 in Iraq Iran State TV: Rouhani Re-Elected as President Sci-fi Meets Arab Mythology at TEDx Jeddah Sci-fi Meets Arab Mythology at TEDx Jeddah 2.5 5 Published May 21st, 2017 - 07:00 GMT via SyndiGate.info Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Ibraheem Abbas speaking at TEDx Jeddah. (File photo) Follow > Click here to add Abbas observes as an alert Click here to remove the Abbas observes alert Disable alert for Abbas observes, Click here to add Arthur C. Clarke as an alert Click here to remove the Arthur C. Clarke alert Disable alert for Arthur C. Clarke, Click here to add Ian Campbell as an alert Click here to remove the Ian Campbell alert Disable alert for Ian Campbell, Click here to add League of Arabic SciFiers as an alert Click here to remove the League of Arabic SciFiers alert Disable alert for League of Arabic SciFiers, Click here to add New York Review as an alert Click here to remove the New York Review alert Disable alert for New York Review, Click here to add Procter & Gamble as an alert Click here to remove the Procter & Gamble alert Disable alert for Procter & Gamble, Click here to add Ray Bradbury as an alert Click here to remove the Ray Bradbury alert Disable alert for Ray Bradbury, Click here to add Wired Magazine as an alert Click here to remove the Wired Magazine alert Disable alert for Wired Magazine, Click here to add Yasser Bahjatt as an alert Click here to remove the Yasser Bahjatt alert Disable alert for Yasser Bahjatt, Click here to add Yatakhayalon as an alert Click here to remove the Yatakhayalon alert Disable alert for Yatakhayalon Novelist Ibraheem Abbas is a pioneer in a genre that is more than a century old. Taking the best elements of science fiction popularized in the West by such greats as Ray Bradbury’s “The Martian Chronicles” to anything by Arthur C. Clarke, Abbas has added a Saudi twist with his own stories by conflating Arab mythology and SciFi. Abbas is a rare breed in Saudi Arabia. In addition to mixing sci-fi, fantasy and adolescent adventure, he is also a creative director and filmmaker. He co-founded Yatakhayalon (The League of Arabic SciFiers), a publishing house, and hopes to enrich the Kingdom by encouraging an Arabic sci-fi culture. Sitting with Abbas, one feels he is a unique sort of blend between a moderate and ideologue, both in his writing and as a person.  The common denominator in each of his pieces is his singular ability to blend Arab history with a futuristic punch.  He graduated with a bachelor’s degree in computer engineering, being the closest to his aspired field of graphic and 3-D design.  He also worked in marketing at Procter & Gamble. Springing from one field to another, seeking a position where his talent could be exercised and prosper, Abbas was eventually rescued by the burgeoning Saudi advertising industry during the time in which he found the title “creative director.”  Certainly working as a creative director provided an outlet for Abbas’ fertile imagination, but it was writing fantasy and SciFi that fulfilled him. His first novel, “HWJN,” is the story of forbidden love between a 90-year-old supernatural jinn, who experiences his first interactions with the human dimension through a relationship with a young woman.  The novel is told from the perspective of the supernatural creatures and cleverly conveys their standpoint on humans. (In Islam, jinn are extraterrestrial, invisible creatures believed to have been made from “smokeless fire by God.”) In writing “HWJN,” Abbas had no intention of publishing the story. It was merely a medium where he could channel his “personal creative journey” in which he allowed his notions to roam free.  But when he ultimately decided to publish “HWJN,” Abbas and his partner, Yasser Bahjatt, hit a brick wall. Publishers didn’t want it. It was too fantastical for Arab tastes. As a result, they were compelled to launch Yatakhayloon where it was successfully published.  Thereafter, “HWJN”, according to Wired Magazine, fueled “rumors, particularly from parents, that it was promoting sorcery and devil-worship” among the youth.  As the book received more attention, religious authorities were reluctant to see “HWJN” on Saudi bookshelves for the same reason. Nevertheless, the book hit the top of Saudi Arabia’s best-seller list in 2013. Readers were quick to latch onto Abbas’ stories hoping it would establish a dialogue between Western and Arabic sci-fi.  After gaining positive recognition internationally, the January 2014 New York Review of Science Fiction said, “It’s a great YA (young adults) novel... one which would go down very well with a Western YA readership.”  Not all Western sci-fi readers shared the same enthusiasm and some skeptical Saudis had difficulty accepting other aspects of the story. It was thought to have presented a view of women that would be deemed patronizing to Western readers. Arab-English book reviewer Ian Campbell said: “The ending is deeply problematic from a liberal Western viewpoint.” Having said that, Abbas acknowledges the fact that this very detail “sneaks into another kind of patronizing expectation that a book can only be good if it reflects our prejudices. This is a book that we SciFi readers in the West can learn from.” Subsequent to success the of “HWJN,” Abbas was encouraged to write Hunak. In lieu of writing sequels, as is often a convention in a second-book release, Abbas seamlessly ties the knot with his third book, “Binyameen.”  His latest piece, “The Hypnotized Ones,” is a narrative of three Arabic historical figures, each possessing their own pronounced characteristics that are the direct antithesis of the others.  He carefully refrains from burdening his writing with philosophical meanings. His distinctive style is the product of employing limited resources to spark inquisition in the minds of his audience.  He says his objective is to deliver “entertainment,” plain and simple.  “Sometimes, yes, some of my readers discover strong messages I had not even intended on,” Abbas said. Abbas tells Arab News that creating a “fun” experience for people is what prompts him to write. Furthermore, he wants to encourage open-mindedness in his readers’ minds and challenge engineered societal conformities.  Abbas possesses a fiery passion for sci-fi. He thrives a little on pushing boundaries.  Promoting a genre that is more or less ignored in this region, he pares away everything pertaining to the mere shadow of orthodoxy.  He advises young talents to pivot their predominant and transient aspirations of reaching fame to finding fulfillment in doing what they love to do. He believes that young Saudis answer to, and perform better, in competitive networks. He suggests that more platforms, where they can showcase their work, would generate more Saudi talent and produce higher quality work. Abbas notes that as young Saudi talent rises, impediments they face grow proportionally. They become subject to the abrasive censuring of a society whose principal concern is the way in which the next person perceives them. Measured by the unregulated and variable interpretations of the “norms,” individuals construct a meager and feigned attempt at creative art, he believes.  “A false and enforced perfection,” Abbas observes.  The very act of molding art to please conflicting ideologies in society will undoubtedly render the product watered down. Often Abbas feels that myriad Saudi dreams have died at confronting the question, “What will other people think of me?”  He believes that being raised by parents who anchored tolerance in their home contributed to his experimental nature. In a large family, however, where undivided attention is scarce, Abbas said he learned “to create my own atmosphere, and invent my own toys, my own fun.” Abbas is realizing his plans of converting “HWJN” into a movie. He has faith it will be a quantum leap in the sci-fi genre and will excite a succession of productions in the region. By Amina al-Jeffery Copyright: Arab News © 2017 All rights reserved. Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Dubai Clears Streets from Poverty During Ramadan Toby Keith to Sing About Freedom at Men’s-Only Concert in Saudi Arabia Trump in Saudi Arabia: Dad Dancing or Arms Dealing? Young People in Iran Flock to Streets in Celebration of Rouhani Win Kuwaiti Lawmaker Wants to Deport Expat Teachers to Fix ‘Demographic Imbalance’ Uber takes to the Nile, Learns How to Swim Tutankhamun’s Funerary bed Finds a New Home Dubai Laborers Receive Italian Sandwiches for Free Two Women in Saudi Arabia Arrested for Witchcraft Saudi Arabia is Literally Counting Down the Days Until Trump’s Arrival UAE Prime Minister: ‘It’s Time to Restore Arabic Language to its Historic Place’ Meet Saudi Arabia’s Ultimate Role Models Top Headlines Israel: 'Special Procedures' for Palestinians During Ramadan Oman to Finally Ease Work Permits for Expats Turkish President Re-appointed as AKP Leader Arabtec Wins $398 Million Contract for 2020 Tower in Dubai Dubai Clears Streets from Poverty During Ramadan RECENT ARTICLES Dubai Clears Streets from Poverty During Ramadan Toby Keith to Sing About Freedom at Men’s-Only Concert in Saudi Arabia Trump in Saudi Arabia: Dad Dancing or Arms Dealing? Young People in Iran Flock to Streets in Celebration of Rouhani Win Sci-fi Meets Arab Mythology at TEDx Jeddah MOST POPULAR Opportunities and Challenges of Telecommunications in Palestine Scorpion Tries to Hitch a Ride on United Flight Thomas Cook Halts Holidays to Sharm Al Sheikh amid Terrorism Fears One Kilometer Jeddah Tower to be Completed in Two Years Two Women in Saudi Arabia Arrested for Witchcraft Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Previous Stories Dubai Clears Streets from Poverty During Ramadan Toby Keith to Sing About Freedom at Men’s-Only Concert in Saudi Arabia Trump in Saudi Arabia: Dad Dancing or Arms Dealing? Young People in Iran Flock to Streets in Celebration of Rouhani Win Kuwaiti Lawmaker Wants to Deport Expat Teachers to Fix ‘Demographic Imbalance’ From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor The Strange Obsession - and Political Weight - that Comes with Arab Reality TV Eighty Migrants and Refugees Drown in Mediterranean Trying to Reach Italy Iraq Captures Key Mosul Neighborhood in Fight Against Daesh Libya: Investigations Launched into Human Trafficking Marketplace Ten Sinai Tribesmen Killed in Attack in Egypt   More Stories » Lack of Liquidity, Debt Main Reasons for Company Closures in Tunisia FIFA delay decision on Israeli settlement clubs for yet another year Microsoft Wants to Take on Google Chrome OS With New Windows 10 S Children Reportedly Among Beheaded, Mutilated in Syria Daesh Massacre Mom look, I’m a MENA Unicorn!   More Stories » Your name: * Your e-mail address: * Subject: * Message: * User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Baby Cosmetic Market – Indian Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Baby cosmetic products market comprises into three key segments namely, baby skin care, baby hair care and baby toiletries. The products involved in these categories, which promise to fulfill the requirements for taking care of a baby/an infant, commonly aged between o-4 years, falls under this industry. India is the second most populous country with 1.34 billion people, just after China. The country has 20.6% of the 0-4 years’ child population of the world. India constitute for 20% of the child (0-4 years) population of the world. The number of live births in the country is estimated to be 27 million and hence India serves the opportunities for the market for the baby cosmetic products. India baby cosmetic market is one of the fast expanding markets in overall personal care industry of the country. Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/744734-india-baby-cosmetic-market-outlook-2021 The report covers the detailed insights of the baby skin care, baby hair care and baby toiletries products market in the Indian market. The report includes the depth segmental analysis along with the value analysis of baby cosmetic products. The report also covers the leading companies that are involved in the manufacturing of the various baby cosmetic products. The different brands and companies involved in the organized baby cosmetic market in India are also analyzed in this report. The report also gives an idea on the product variant pricing analysis of each of the product available in the baby cosmetic market. Baby cosmetic market is also segmented according to its application or usage of product. This includes the categories of bath products, pre-bath products and post-bath products. Baby skin care category involves the products such as baby massage oil, baby cream & lotion, baby soap & body wash, baby powder, etc; whereas the products like baby shampoo & conditioner and baby hair oil belong to the baby hair care category. Baby diapers and baby wipes are the part of the baby toiletries, which is the largest segment within the baby cosmetic market in India, followed by baby skin care market. Baby hair care is still at an infancy level due to low consumption of baby shampoo and conditioner products. According to “India Baby Cosmetic Market Outlook, 2021”, Baby cosmetic market has witnessed the exploiting growth in recent years in India. The primary factors driving the demand for baby cosmetic products include rising awareness of baby health & hygiene, increasing disposable income of modern young parents, small average size of families, and growing per capita spending on baby. India baby cosmetic market has represented the CAGR of about 20.33% during the analysis period of five years from 2010 to 2015. Currently baby toiletries segment is generating the largest revenue within baby cosmetic market. Urban consumers are contributing for the mainstream of sales of baby diaper in India. Moreover, rural consumers have also begun the usage of baby diapers, for which the credit goes to the endeavors by leading companies to increase awareness for baby hygiene. International companies are operating the baby cosmetic products market in India and making efforts to penetrate the market through promotional activities and continuous investment in R&D. Domestic companies are also entering in these lucrative categories. At the same time, increasing private labels enhances the rivalry in battlefield. As people are giving more attention towards the baby hygiene and safety products side, existing players are offering and promoting the products on the basis of baby safety and hygiene. Manufacturers are promoting these products by celebrity endorsements by employing various promotional activities to make the consumers aware about the latest baby personal care products and variants. Procter & Gamble India, Johnson & Johnson India Private Limited, Unicharm, The Himalaya Drug Company, and Dabur India Limited are the top most leading companies operating Indian baby cosmetic market. Key Segments  • Baby Skin Care Market – Baby Massage Oil, Baby Cream & Lotion, Baby Powder, Baby Soap & Body Wash/Shower Gel • Baby Hair Care Market – Baby Shampoo & Conditioner, Baby Hair Oil & Detangles • Baby Toiletries Market – Baby Diapers, Baby Wipes Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/744734-india-baby-cosmetic-market-outlook-2021                 Key points in table of content 1. Research Methodology 2. Executive Summary 3. Global Infant/Child Demographics (Birth Rate, Fertility Rate) 4. Global Baby Cosmetic Market Outlook  4.1. Market Size By Value 4.2. Market Share 4.2.1. By Region 4.2.2. By Application (Bath Products, Pre-Bath Products, Post-Bath Products) 4.3. Global Baby Skin Care Market Outlook 4.3.1. Overall Baby Skin Care Market Size & Forecast 4.3.2. Baby Soap & Body Wash Market Size & Forecast 4.3.3. Baby Powder Market Size & Forecast 4.3.4. Baby Cream & Lotion Market Size & Forecast 4.3.5. Baby Massage Oil Market Size & Forecast 4.4. Global Baby Hair Care Market Outlook 4.4.1. Overall Baby Hair Care Market Size & Forecast 4.4.2. Baby Shampoo & Conditioner Market Size & Forecast 4.4.3. Baby Hair Oil & Detangle Market Size & Forecast 4.5. Global Baby Toiletries Market Outlook 4.5.1. Overall Baby Toiletries Market Size & Forecast 4.5.2. Baby Diaper Market Size & Forecast 4.5.3. Baby Wipes Market Size & Forecast 5. India Infant/Child Demographics (Birth Rate, Fertility Rate) 6. India Baby Cosmetic Market Outlook  6.1. Market Size By Value 6.2. Market Share 6.2.1. By Company 6.2.2. By Application (Bath Products, Pre-Bath Products, Post-Bath Products) 6.3. India Baby Skin Care Market Outlook 6.3.1. Market Size By Value 6.3.2. Market Share By Product 6.3.3. Baby Skin Care Product, Variant & Pricing Analysis 6.4. India Baby Hair Care Market Outlook 6.4.1. Market Size By Value 6.4.2. Market Share By Product 6.4.3. Product, Variant & Pricing Analysis 6.5. India Baby Toiletries Market Outlook 6.5.1. Market Size By Value 6.5.2. Market Share By Product 6.5.3. Baby Toiletries Product, Variant & Pricing Analysis 7. Channel Partner Analysis 8. India Economic Profile – 2014 9. PEST Analysis 10. Market Dynamics  10.1. Key Drivers 10.2. Key Challenges 11. Market Trends & Developments  11.1. Increased awareness of baby health & hygiene 11.2. Raising voice for herbal/natural baby cosmetic products 11.3. Private labels & local brands strengthen the rivalry 11.4. Premium baby personal care products indicate the opportunities in India 11.5. Organized retail & E-retailing – greatly appreciated distribution channels 12. Competitive Landscape  12.1. Porters Five Forces Analysis 12.2. Company Profiles 12.2.1. Artsana India Private Limited 12.2.2. Dabur India Ltd. 12.2.3. Himalaya Drug Company Private Limited 12.2.4. Johnson & Johnson India Private Limited 12.2.5. Kimberly Clark Lever Private Ltd 12.2.6. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Limited (P&G) 12.2.7. Pigeon India Private Limited 12.2.8. Unicharm India Private Limited 12.2.9. Wipro Consumer Care & Lighting Ltd. 13. Strategic Recommendations 14. Disclaimer Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=744734 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsbaby care, Baby Care products, Baby Cosmetic industry forecast, Baby Cosmetic market analysis, Baby Cosmetic market growth, Baby Cosmetic market parameters, Baby Cosmetic market segmentation, Baby Cosmetic market share, Baby Cosmetic market size, Baby Cosmetic market trend, Baby Scales Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bottled Water Market | Industry Research Report 2014-2021 Latest Release By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Lilialdehyde (CAS 80-54-6) Market, Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global RF Integrated Passive Device Market 2017 Analysis and Trending Report Epic Giveaway From Author Kathy Heshelow Includes a Kindle Fire HD 8, Her Wellness Books & Books by Others, Products & More Valued at $419 Soldering Flux Paste Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 TransTech IT Staffing Named 2017 Best Places to Work in Illinois Top Countries Report on Ooma Telo-Free Home Phone Service-VoIP Phone and Device Market 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections News Photo Store Archives 100 Years Ago Obituaries Senior Scene Cops and Courts Business National World Sports Penn State Joe Maddon Fall Preview 2016 Wildlife Best Of PNC Field Video National Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Capitol Matters John Cole cartoons Community Calendar Out & About Our Towns Parade Games Arts Calendar Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Contact Presspass Become a carrier Activate Contact Us My Subscription E-EDITION Print Advertising e-Edition Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Standard-Speaker All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week. Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Standard-Speaker on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at standardspeaker.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • Community • Classifieds • Contact • e-Edition • Marketplace Natural gas a new option for vehicles Bill Wellock / Published: May 21, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Butch Comegys / Staff PhotographerPennsylvania American Water has 35 vehicles across the state that use compressed natural gas, including more than two dozen in Scranton. BUTCH COMEGYS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Pennsylvania American Water has 35 vehicles across the state that use compressed natural gas, including more than two dozen in Scranton. PITTSTON TWP. — The fueling station that Ross Finlan helped bring to Pittston Twp. is the only place the public can buy compressed natural gas, or CNG, for their vehicles in Luzerne County. That will change when the Luzerne County Transportation Authority offers the fuel to the public. A partnership between the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation and Trillium Transportation Fuels LLC will see CNG stations at 29 transit stations across the state. Trillium will build and operate the stations. Some of the stations will be open to the public, including LCTA’s. The construction of that public station is delayed while the LCTA considers building a new facility in downtown Wilkes-Barre. Although the company Finlan works for — U.S. Gain — isn’t involved in the LCTA project, he said it will be good for the entire industry. “We’re all kind of in this together,” said Finlan, the business development manager for U.S. Gain. “Maybe you’re bidding against each other, but at the same time every site that opens is really good for the industry.” When U.S. Gain sets up a compressed natural gas fueling station, it contracts with an anchor tenant before building so it has a reliable customer. More fueling stations mean the infrastructure is in place to support more potential customers. The U.S. Gain site in Pittston Twp. and a public station at LT Verrastro in Scranton will be joined by stations at LCTA’s new headquarters and at the headquarters for the County of Lackawanna Transit System. Schuylkill Transportation System, Saint Clair, also will get its own CNG filling station. The start date for construction has been pushed back to 2021; it previously was set for 2018. Although anyone is allowed to use the stations, future customers will probably be those with fleets of vehicles. The vehicles can be hard to find. For example, MotorWorld, in Plains Township and Wilkes-Barre, doesn’t sell any vehicles that use the fuel. “I’m not even sure if it’s an option,” said President Rick Osick. “Many of the manufacturers offer the natural gas trucks, like step vans, transit buses, school buses. They’re the kind of vehicles that right now (are) using that type of technology and we don’t sell that product.” The Wilkes-Barre Truck Center also doesn’t carry CNG vehicles now. It’s been about three or four years since the center sold a vehicle that runs on natural gas, said service manager Adam Miller. “I think (gasoline prices) would have to take the sharp upward turn they’ve taken in the past,” he said. “Another $2 jump to where it was affecting everybody’s bottom line instantly, as opposed to something they could adjust for over time. I think they’d be willing to do anything they could to save money.” Nevertheless, some CNG vehicles are traveling on the streets of Northeast Pennsylvania now. For example, Pennsylvania American Water has 35 vehicles across the state that use the fuel, including more than two dozen in Scranton, said spokeswoman Susan Turcmanovich. They fill up at the U.S. Gain station in Pittston Twp. More fueling stations could help the fleet by expanding its range. When the company first bought the trucks, it shipped them to a facility in Harrisburg and filled them up at a fueling station in York en route to Northeast Pennsylvania. “There was nothing else for fuel until we got them up here,” said supervisor Mark Baloh. Right now, he sends CNG vehicles from the garage in Scranton to the southern part of the his service area because they can stop at the fueling station in Pittston Twp. as they travel on Interstate 81. It takes a truck about five minutes to fill up, then it’s back on the road. The vehicles carry employees in a cabin and gear in a truck bed, just like the vehicles that use diesel. In between that cabin and truck bed, however, is a large metal box. It holds the tanks that carry CNG. In Scranton, about half of the fleet that work crews use run on natural gas. At other Pennsylvania American Water sites, CNG vehicles are a smaller portion of the work fleet, Turcmanovich said. The company received grants from the state Department of Environmental Protection to fund purchases, and it is still evaluating how much money it has saved, she said. “That wasn’t a driver (of the acquisition),” she said. “It lowers our carbon footprint.” Savings at the fueling station are lower at the moment than when the average diesel price in the United States was above $3.75 for the equivalent of a gallon of gasoline. That last happened in 2014, according to the U.S. Department of Energy. Since then, diesel prices have dropped. There was even a time in 2016 when diesel fuel was cheaper than CNG. Right now, buyers in the Department of Energy’s Central Atlantic region, which includes Pennsylvania, will pay 15 cents more to fill up on diesel than an equivalent amount of CNG, which cost $2.49, according to an April report from the Department of Energy. That makes it difficult at the moment to offset the premium it costs to buy a CNG vehicle in the first place, said Larry Catanzaro, the senior director of transportation at Kane Is Able trucking company. “To give you an idea, you can buy a regular day cab (truck) for maybe $125,000. For a CNG truck, you’re adding at least $50,000 on to it,” he said. The company received grants of $25,000 per truck to help pay for the initial purchase of seven vehicles approximately three or four years ago. That’s about 7 percent of its total fleet. Back then, they would go up to Kingston, New York, to fill up. There was no local place to get fuel. Now, they fill up at Procter & Gamble’s Mehoopany facility, LT Verrastro in Scranton or U.S. Gain in Pittston Twp. “Any infrastructure they add, any fueling stations they add certainly helps, because they’re all kind of en route to where you’re going and where we service. And even though we’re short haul and the trucks are at a premium, we think it’s the right thing to do for the environment. We think there are other applications for that type of technology,” Catanzaro said, such as smaller trucks that move semi-trailers within a shipping facility. His company might expand its CNG fleet in the future. “It depends on that premium,” he said. A local fuel Pennsylvania has a lot of natural gas. Reserves from the Marcellus Shale formation give the state the second highest amount of proven reserves, which is gas that is recoverable under existing economic conditions and with existing technology. Only Texas has more. State government has encouraged natural gas as a vehicle fuel. PennDOT’s partnership with Trillium Transportation Fuels to develop public transit fleets that run on natural gas is one example. DEP also established a program, called the Natural Gas Energy Development Program, to promote the gas as a vehicle fuel. Since 2013, the department has awarded $20 million in natural gas vehicle grants, according to its website. Help from governments is something that Craig Rindt, a researcher at the University of California-Irvine, sees in emerging alternative fuels. “The idea behind these things is essentially to allow an alternative fuel to compete in the marketplace, to get to a point where it can compete in the marketplace on the merits of the fuels itself, so it can get in the market and find whatever niches it’s best matched for,” he said. The fuel has its opponents. Anti-drilling advocates say the process of extracting natural gas contaminates drinking water and causes other problems. And whether using the gas actually sends less carbon into the atmosphere during its entire fuel cycle — from extraction, to transportation, to end user — is also an open question. Researchers look at the entire process of using the fuel, from extraction to burning, including leaks in moving the gas. “If that gets high, all the advantages during combustion may disappear,” Rindt said. There have been success stories for the fuel, and researchers and engineers continue to try to improve the technology that uses natural gas. The fuel’s long-term future will depend on how it finds successful niches and how it compares to other available fuels. “It’s difficult to peer into the future and pick a winner, which again is why I think you look at these programs as trying to level the playing field and the marketplace so that the technologies themselves can find, through the market, the areas where they’re most successful,” Rindt said. “So natural gas certainly appears to have a future. There are certainly industries that are pretty excited about it and what it can offer.” With the amount of natural gas underground in Pennsylvania, the state government’s efforts to promote it and enough buyers who see a future, the fuel is likely to be part of the state’s energy landscape for years to come. Contact the writer: bwellock@citizensvoice.com; 570-821-2051; @CVBillW There are three types of natural gas vehicles, according to the U.S. Department of Energy: • Dedicated vehicles: These run only on natural gas. • Bi-fuel: Vehicles with two separate fuel systems. They can run on either natural gas or gasoline. • Dual fuel: These vehicles have fuel systems that run on natural gas, and use diesel fuel for ignition assistance. They are traditionally limited to heavy-duty applications, such as large trucks. There are nearly 1,000 public natural fueling stations in the United States, according to the U.S. Department of Energy. Visit afdc.energy.gov/fuels/natural_gas_locations.html to view an online map of natural gas fueling stations, including those in Northeast Pennsylvania. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 21 North Wyoming Street Hazleton, PA 18201 1-570-455-3636 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Standard Speaker PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS COMMUNITY BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND HAZLETON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments See what ArDarius Stewart did at the NFLPA Rookie Premiere Jets Rookies Football New York Jets wide receiver ArDarius Stewart participates in a drill during rookie minicamp on May 5, 2017, in Florham Park, N.J. (AP Photo) Print Email Mark Inabinett | minabinett@al.com By Mark Inabinett | minabinett@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 21, 2017 at 2:37 PM comments New York Jets wide receiver ArDarius Stewart joined 39 other players at the 23rd annual NFL Players Association Rookie Premiere in Los Angeles this weekend. The Buccaneers selected Stewart out of Alabama in the third round of the NFL Draft on April 28. One of the yearly highlights at the Rookie Premiere occurs at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum when Panini America photographs the rookies in their new NFL uniforms. The company also collects autographs and memorabilia for inclusion in its football-card sets. A former Fultondale prep standout, Stewart participated in those activities and more during the Rookie Premiere. Came a long way but I'm finally here. J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS! Check out my 1st card in @nyjets gear #WhoDoYouCollect https://t.co/Pra18IDTAf pic.twitter.com/k3cb7csrmj -- da irish blck ginger (@neversleepon13) May 20, 2017 Fans of the @nyjets, now you can see your rookie, @neversleepon13, rocking #Jets colors! #RookiePremiere pic.twitter.com/V1yVNLJShC -- Fanatics (@Fanatics) May 18, 2017 New member of the @nyjets, @neversleepon13 signing for us today at #RookiePremiere pic.twitter.com/3fIURRnTaU -- NFL Auction (@NFL_Auction) May 18, 2017 Look for the @nyjets @neversleepon13 NFLPA #RookiePremiere Signature cards on the Panini Gridiron app soon! pic.twitter.com/rsOXEjUsYZ -- Panini Digital (@PaniniDigital) May 18, 2017 Former @AlabamaFTBL standout ArDarius Stewart feeling a little Flawless at the @NFLPA #RookiePremiere. #whodoyoucollect pic.twitter.com/Oa2EkQwEAL -- Panini America (@PaniniAmerica) May 18, 2017 Antavious and ArDarius Stewart at his jersey reveal during the NFLPA Premiere in Los Angeles yesterday! @neversleepon13 pic.twitter.com/zrgUnShbJM -- ESM (@everett_sm) May 19, 2017 The Rookie Premiere was hosted by the NFLPA through its marketing and licensing arm, NFL Players Inc. The union's annual orientation for the league's "most marketable" rookies featured seminars on financial planning and brand building and sought to connect the players with NFLPA business partners. Companies that attended this year's Rookie Premiere include Panini America, Fanatics, Nike, EA Sports, Pepsi, New Era, FedEx, Staramba, WHOOP, Delta Private Jets, FedEx, elevee, Bridgestone, Lyft, NFL Extra Points, Gatorade, Tostitos, Anheuser-Busch and Proctor & Gamble. Another former Alabama standout was among the players at the Rookie Premiere - Tampa Bay Buccaneers tight end O.J. Howard. FOR MORE OF AL.COM'S COMPREHENSIVE COVERAGE OF THE NFL, GO TO OUR NFL PAGE Saturday's are for the boys. #RookiePremiere pic.twitter.com/YoGFVepf87 -- NFLPA (@NFLPA) May 20, 2017 Regional Scoreboard College Football | MLB | NFL © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments See what O.J. Howard did at the NFLPA Rookie Premiere AP17125777983365.jpg Tampa Bay Buccaneers tight end O.J. Howard participates in drills during rookie minicamp in Tampa, Fla., on May 5, 2017. (AP Photo) Print Email Mark Inabinett | minabinett@al.com By Mark Inabinett | minabinett@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 21, 2017 at 2:36 PM comments Tampa Bay Buccaneers tight end O.J. Howard joined 39 other players at the 23rd annual NFL Players Association Rookie Premiere in Los Angeles this weekend. The Buccaneers selected Howard out of Alabama with the 19th choice in the NFL Draft on April 27. One of the yearly highlights at the Rookie Premiere occurs at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum when Panini America photographs the rookies in their new NFL uniforms. The company also collects autographs and memorabilia for inclusion in its football-card sets. A former Autauga Academy prep standout, Howard participated in those activities and more during the Rookie Premiere. Excited to finally be in my NFL gear! Go check out my 1st card reppin' the @TBBuccaneers #WhoDoYouCollect https://t.co/0PIyFgB6WY pic.twitter.com/jjuHbvWcW2 -- OJ Howard 80 (@TheRealOjHoward) May 20, 2017 @TBBuccaneers TE @TheRealOjHoward signing his #Bucs Draft hat. Be on the lookout for future @Fanatics platform giveaways. #RookiePremiere pic.twitter.com/ryRtPekaxV -- Fanatics Authentic (@FansAuthentic) May 18, 2017 Bucs TE @TheRealOjHoward getting ready to undergo a 3D-scan by @staramba. By tomorrow, he'll have a 3D-figure of himself. pic.twitter.com/YRZEKDN6xv -- Jovan Buha (@jovanbuha) May 19, 2017 Former @AlabamaFTBL player and now @TBBuccaneers TE, @TheRealOjHoward, at the @NFLPA #RookiePremiere pic.twitter.com/BLrtJoTSoA -- Fanatics (@Fanatics) May 18, 2017 Here's a look at the @TBBuccaneers @TheRealOjHoward NFLPA #RookiePremiere Roll Call Signature coming to Gridiron soon! pic.twitter.com/pYavrd45UC -- Panini Digital (@PaniniDigital) May 18, 2017 The Rookie Premiere was hosted by the NFLPA through its marketing and licensing arm, NFL Players Inc. The union's annual orientation for the league's "most marketable" rookies featured seminars on financial planning and brand building and sought to connect the players with NFLPA business partners. Companies that attended this year's Rookie Premiere include Panini America, Fanatics, Nike, EA Sports, Pepsi, New Era, FedEx, Staramba, WHOOP, Delta Private Jets, FedEx, elevee, Bridgestone, Lyft, NFL Extra Points, Gatorade, Tostitos, Anheuser-Busch and Proctor & Gamble. Another former Alabama standout was among the players at the Rookie Premiere - New York Jets wide receiver ArDarius Stewart. FOR MORE OF AL.COM'S COMPREHENSIVE COVERAGE OF THE NFL, GO TO OUR NFL PAGE Saturday's are for the boys. #RookiePremiere pic.twitter.com/YoGFVepf87 -- NFLPA (@NFLPA) May 20, 2017 Regional Scoreboard College Football | MLB | NFL © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
