
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Mail Today US Elections Digital India Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News India facbook twitter googlepluse Patanjali is a holy threat to India's FMCG giants: ValueNotes Patanjali's success at becoming the third largest seller of FMCG products is seen as a major threat for the thriving FMCG giants in the country. Virendrasingh Ghunawat  | Posted by Bijin Jose  Follow @vsghunawat   Virendrasingh.G@aajtak.com Mumbai, September 9, 2016 | UPDATED 17:12 IST A +A - Baba Ramdev (right) with one of the Patanjali products. (Photo: PTI) Highlights 1 Baba Ramdev's Patanjali becomes the third largest FMCG seller. 2 Patanjali's revenue has crossed Rs 5,000 crores in 2016. 3 Analysts suggest that strong referral of Patanjali helped in sales. Few days back, Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Ayurved made headlines by becoming the third largest seller of FMCG products at the shelves of Kishore Biyani-led Future Retail. The number one is still Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) followed by P&G, whereas, Patanjali was followed by rivals like GCPL, Dabur, Emami and few others. Seldom does a new company become the focal point of discussion at strategy meetings of FMCG giants. A company can take up to several decades to establish itself in the FMCG sector. Yet, Patanjali Ayurved, set up merely a decade ago, is challenging multinational companies such as Nestle, P&G and Unilever. Endorsed by Baba Ramdev - a man dressed in saffron robes and armed with the skills of a yoga master - the company is forcing these multinationals to rethink their business models and marketing strategies. REVENUE CROSSES RS 5,000 CRORES Over the last few years, Patanjali Ayurved has emerged out of nowhere to become one of India's leading FMCG brands. News reports suggest that according to revenues in Financial Year 2016 Patanjali has crossed Rs 5,000 crores. Currently, the company is present in all kinds of product segments, from food to personal care to home care to hygiene. Also read: Power Yogi: How Baba Ramdev became India's swadeshi FMCG baron In Indian FMCG sector, never has any emerging FMCG player attacked simultaneously across so many products. Little wonder that all the FMCG companies are worried, and analysts are buzzing around trying to figure out what's happening. After all, Indian consumer stocks enjoy rich valuations and there is a lot at stake. The question on everybody's mind is - "Is it sustainable?". Also read: MP govt allots 40 acre land at Rs 10 cr to Patanjali Ayurved Though definitive answers to these questions will require substantial research, ValueNotes conducted a limited dipstick study of Patanjali consumers to see if any quick insights were forthcoming. ValueNotes specialises in the management of competitive and market intelligence, information and research. ValueNotes' strengths lies in its industry expertise, proven methodology for research and anlaysis, and a team of experienced researchers. CONSUMER ANALYSIS According to ValueNotes, the intention was to get a sense of what customers (of Patanjali) think about their products, and why they like (or buy them). Some of the products categories studied in this report included personal care(toothpaste, hair care, soap), home care (detergents, floor cleaners), food products (biscuits, honey)and ayurveda products (healthcare). The results, presented in a report by ValueNotes - titled Patanjali is here to stay! - has given some very interesting and surprising inputs. As per the research : 46 per cent of the respondents began using Patanjali products after recommendations from friends or relatives. The early adopters were mostly aged between 45 and 75, and their recommendations carry weight with the younger generation. The brand is strongly associated with health - high quality herbal and natural products. The firm's toothpaste brand had the highest consumption with 80 per cent of the respondents being satisfied with the product (47 per cent of them were very satisfied). In just about a decade, Patanjali has emerged as one of the top FMCG players in the country - seriously challenging the likes of Unilever, Colgate, P&G, Dabur and Godrej in several categories. In doing so, the company has created its own rules and re-written others - especially around branding and distribution - both fundamental to success in consumer products. ValueNotes' inputs on Patanjali in nutshell To start with Baba Ramdev built a huge fan following around the themes of yoga, health and "swadeshi". These ardent supporters were the early adopters of medicinal and FMCG products, and allowed Patanjali to experiment with a wide range of products. These devotees became unpaid marketers, driven by an almost evangelical faith in the Baba, and his mission towards healthy living. They propagate the brand because they believe in it. Way better than paid employees could ever do! These initial referrals helped spread the word to family, friends, neighbours and especially the younger generation. Distribution (especially in India) is critical. Getting shelf space is tough, and incumbent FMCG companies have substantial bargaining power. What did Patanjali do? They "empowered" a significant number (~10,000) of their fans to become dealers/franchisees. This helped Patanjali reach customers across India, bypassing traditional distribution channels, and enabling cheaper prices. Better still, the shopkeepers truly believe in the values of Baba Ramdev and Patanjali. This captive dealer network has also allowed Patanjali to test reaction to new products. Traditional FMCG companies are cautious, launching and building new product categories in a slow, focused manner - taking time to understand and master new markets. However, Patanjali has defied conventional wisdom, and unleashed a veritable shower of products - literally hundreds, across almost every conceivable FMCG category. More are in the pipeline! Even small shares in so many markets leads to big bucks. All product sell under a single brand, so more buck for brand-building expenses. So, today, the brand is so huge that mainstream retailers want to get onto the Patanjali bandwagon. Some are even ready to have separate sections dedicated to Patanjali! Not even Hindustan Unilever has that kind of pull. Reports suggest that Patanjali's revenues crossed Rs 50 billion last year, making them amongst the top 10 FMCG players in India - already! In a business where brand and distribution take decades to build in a large, diverse market like India - Patanjali's growth resembles that of an e-commerce company.   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Patanjali# Baba Ramdev   Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
null

Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Black Hair Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos Rollingout × Search Sports Simone Biles’ mother, Nellie, gives us inside scoop on Olympian’s next move By Lauren Martinez  |  September 12, 2016 1:21 PM EST Photo courtesy of P&G To the world, Nellie Biles is simply a mother, but to Simone Biles, she is “Wonder Woman” and unquestionably her biggest cheerleader. Nellie Biles formally adopted Simone along with her younger sister, Adria, to give the girls a better life after they didn’t receive proper care from their biological mother, who was a struggling drug addict. The year Simone was adopted at 6 was also significant because she was introduced to gymnastics the same year. Nellie knew the sport would turn into something huge for Simone and it did — leading her all the way to the 2016 summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. Simone is currently one of the most famous athletes in the world but to Nellie, she is still just her baby girl. As a mother, she is beyond proud of her daughter’s accomplishments and knows the best is yet to come. Nellie spoke with rolling out recently to fill us in on what’s been happening in their world since Simone’s domination in Rio. Check out what she had to say below. How has your experience been transitioning into motherhood after adopting both Simone and her younger sister without having any personal connection to them? We first received Simone and her sister Adria in 2003. The first time Simone came to us she was about 3-years-old and  her sister was 13 months. That’s when we first had them in our home. It was a temporary period until her mother received the help that she needed. Long story short, after sending Simone and her siblings back they came back to us for the second time around and it was for an adoption. It was going to be permanent at that time so the decision was to have both of them because they could spend time with each other and I wouldn’t have to be the one that’s entertaining either Simone or Adria. I wanted to pay attention to the both of them. That period was not easy. These were not babies. These were kids that pretty much had their minds set and knew what they wanted. I was the one who decided that we needed to go to counseling. I needed counseling and I figured if I did, then they probably did, too. So, guess what? We all went to counseling and during this period it pretty much took down the barriers and we started becoming a family. That was the best decision ever. Becoming an adoptive mom is full of ups and downs, what have you learned about yourself? What I have learned about myself is that I am more patient than I give myself credit for. You have to have patience and you have to be able to listen. I am a better listener throughout this process and it’s not easy to listen. It’s easy to jump to conclusions when a child starts speaking. I always want to be a part of my children’s life whether we’re acting goofy, crazy, or whether we’re going on vacation. It’s all a process that I want to enjoy. I think it’s important to do things as a family. You mentioned in the “Thank you mom: Raising an Olympian” commercial “The key thing is to not negate this dream that she has …” What advice would you give to parents who are struggling to support their kid’s ambitions? I believe that as a parent you need to listen to the child. I think as a parent whatever their dream is you need to understand and, again, if it’s a situation where there is some financial difficulty, I am sure there are some ways of investigating and seeing what support is out there. I know for example, and I’m just going back to gymnastics which is a very expensive sport, however, there are different grants out there that can assist a child with that sport. I have parents that have put in some hours. Again, working with a gym owner you could get that end result. It’s not impossible. I don’t think anything is impossible. I think finding how you could get that end result is something as a parent you should try and do. I’m not saying that it’s easy but there is a way and a means of getting to an end. I encourage any parent to investigate and see what’s out there that could help you with your child to achieve that dream. Your support for both Simone and her younger sister’s dreams extends far beyond the cheering for them on the sidelines. What led you to solely dedicate your time to helping them excel in gymnastics? I believe that where her career was taking her I knew that Simone’s life and our life was going to be public at some time. I thought that it was important that we share our story instead of someone investigating and coming up with some conclusion not to say that people have not done that, however, I think it’s important that we as a family talk about it. We feel comfortable with our journey. I am most comfortable with the fact that I have two children that are adopted and that I parented these two children and that I nurtured these two children. I helped them achieve their dreams. It’s no different from my two biological children and to say that I parented four children, I am really proud. Because of the way we discuss things openly in our house none of my children have any barriers or feel any different because of what I’ve done for Simone or what I’ve done for Adam and Ron. Those are my two older children and they are also achieving their dreams that they have set for themselves. I don’t think anyone is short-changed at this point, but that is my opinion. Simone is now considered to be the most famous athlete in the world and at her age, that is an outstanding accomplishment. How do you teach her to stay humble? Simone is still very young. She is only 19. She still has a life after gymnastics, so I am hoping that after [gymnastics] it will continue. There are going to be changes around our lives because it’s happening and that’s the reality of what happened around her winning the Olympics, however, even though things are changing I’m hoping that her morals and her values will not change as a person. I know things will change around her but I’m hoping she will not change. In addition to your endless support, you have also received a ton outreach from your local community. How has that positively impacted your family? I think that outreach from the community is something that we can embrace. One of the partnerships that Simone and I participate in is the “My Black Is Beautiful” campaign. We understand the message from this. This is a campaign that empowers Black women. It makes them feel good about themselves. The message that they’re giving helps me to understand the community outreach that we can embrace and I could also deliver my message and in turn, could accept the help from the community. They’re all a part of my village and that is one of the things that “My Black Is Beautiful” campaign helps us with in terms of making sure that the message that I give for others to receive is the right one. Simone was also fortunate to garner support from major sponsors like Tide PODS and P&G’s My Black Is Beautiful campaign. Black women have always been faced with harsh criticisms for their images. How does it make you feel when you see criticism on social media pertaining to Simone’s teammate, Gabby Douglas, and her appearance? Opinions from the public can be brutal and it’s how you interpret those opinions. You could interpret the opinions as what type message what type of message are these people trying to give me? Is it perhaps something that I need to change? Is there something that they are misinterpreting or is it their perception of what I’m saying or doing? If I am getting that type of message or Simone is getting that type of message, then we will discuss it and try to see what we could do to change that message. Messaging can also be malicious. If it’s a message that’s being sent from the public that’s malicious, then as a parent I need to discuss that with Simone. Take it for what it is and not give credit to that message. At the same time, you should feel good about yourself because I believe that Black women should always look at themselves whether it’s inward or outward and feel comfortable with themselves. There is beauty from within and also exterior. That’s something I think Black women should always talk and instill within their children. It doesn’t matter what shade your skin is, you’re still a good person. You should have pride and you should have ownership of yourself. Simone has been working rigorously for the last four years to achieve the success in Rio, do you two have any fun plans for a vacation before summer wraps up? Simone is doing a lot because she starts her Kellogg’s tour next week. That is going to be for 2 1/2 months on tour. That is going to be [grueling] but I’m sure she is going to be able to handle it. At the end of the year — sometime in December — I am planning some downtime and some vacation for the family but it’s a surprise, so I can’t tell you.         Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Simone Biles recalls painful moment a coach called her ‘fat’ Athletes accused of using banned substances The greatest of all time: Simone Biles channels Muhammad Ali and owns Rio 2016 Simone Biles reveals whether she’s doing reality TV Lauren Martinez I'm a forward thinking millennial with a passion for writing and reporting all things entertainment. Follow @_lalarenee Most Talked About Racist West Virginia official put on leave for calling Michelle Obama ‘ape in heels’ 73 Teacher threatens Black students, says Trump will send them back to Africa 12 Featured Video Black supporter of Donald Trump shares her political views 17 hours ago Featured Photos Chrissy Teigen teams up with Stella Artois’ King’s Feast 2 hours ago   Simone Biles recalls painful moment a coach called her ‘fat’ 2 Denver Broncos star Von Miller being blackmailed over sex tape 3 Champions In Life workshop helps when the ball stops ESPN’s Sage Steele called ‘coon’ for blasting Mike Evans on his Trump protest 4 Former NBA star Kenny Anderson opens up in ‘Mr. Chibbs’ documentary Driver Salvatore Iovino hopes to be the future of NASCAR 1 Likely NFL Draft pick Jonnu Smith’s career may end after attack by girlfriend 7 Why the activism of Colin Kaepernick can be questioned over his refusal to vote 10 Nightclub waitress claims Reggie Bush fathered her baby 2 Chicago Cubs end 108-year curse, win 2016 World Series Black Cubs fans on loyalty, patience and the World Series Dwyane Wade wishes Gabrielle Union a happy birthday 4 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Baby Laundry Detergent Market Grow at 4.47% CAGR to 2020   View as PDF  Print View    RnRMarketResearch.com adds Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020 latest research report, the analysts forecast global baby laundry detergent market to grow at a CAGR of 4.47% during the period 2016-2020. September 12, 2016 /MarketersMedia/ -- The global baby laundry detergent market analyst says introduction of laundry pods will be a key trend for market growth. Laundry pods are superior to liquid or powder detergents in that they are convenient to use and are compatible with most kinds of washing machines. Though there have been some concerns regarding the unsafe nature of pods for children, because of the attractive packaging of these products, the demand for these is not likely to decline in the near future. Manufacturers have already taken protective measures such as changing the product packaging to protect children. Brands such as Tide (P&G), Arm & Hammer (Church & Dwight), and Purex (Henkel) offer these products. Complete report on baby laundry detergent market spread across 56 pages, analyzing 5 major companies and providing 38 data exhibits are now available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/global-baby-laundry-detergent-market-2016-2020-market-report.html According to the 2016 baby laundry detergent market report, baby laundry detergent liquids accounted for the largest share of the market in 2015 and will continue to maintain their position during the forecast period. The rising penetration of washing machines in developing countries is one of the major drivers of the surge in demand for baby laundry detergent liquids. In terms of the sales of washing machines, the primary markets worldwide are China, India, the US, Brazil, and Indonesia. In 2014, nearly 78% of Chinese consumers had access to washing machines. The growth of baby laundry detergent market is fueled by the growing demand for eco-friendly baby laundry detergents. The high demand for eco-friendly laundry care products has had a significant impact on market revenue over the last five years and will continue to do so over the forecast period. Manufacturers are launching green laundry products that have biodegradable components such as natural washing soda, coconut oil and mineral-based surfactants, and plant-based enzymes. During 2015, the global market was dominated by EMEA with a market share of more than 35%. A decreasing infant mortality rate in the UK, France, and Ireland is likely to propel growth of the baby laundry detergent market in EMEA during the forecast period. Order a copy of Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020 report @ http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/contacts/purchase?rname=688853 The following companies are the key players in the global baby laundry detergent market: Chicco, Church & Dwight, Henkel, Pigeon, and P&G. Other prominent vendors in the market are: Babyganics, Biokleen, Dapple, Earth's Best, Eco Sprout, Eco-Me, Grab Green, GreenShield Organic, Seventh Generation, Sonett, Tandi's Naturals, The Honest Company, Dropps, and Earth Friendly Products. By 2020, the baby laundry detergent liquid segment will account for more than 72% of the overall market revenue to retain its position as the key revenue generating vertical of the global baby laundry detergent market. Increasing awareness about the availability of baby laundry detergent liquids and rising disposable incomes have led to a high penetration of liquid detergents in households globally. Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of liquid detergents, powder detergents, and tablet detergents. About Us: RnRMarketResearch.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. For more information, please visit http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/global-baby-laundry-detergent-market-2016-2020-market-report.html Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@rnrmarketresearch.com Organization: RnRMarketResearch Phone: + 1 888 391 5441 Source: http://marketersmedia.com/baby-laundry-detergent-market-grow-at-4-47-cagr-to-2020/132172 Release ID: 132172 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Denver laser hair removal clinic announces hairiest chest in Denver contest (Fri 18th Nov 16) Trendy Wildlife T-shirts Hoodies Endangered Tigers Big Cat Online Store Launched (Fri 18th Nov 16) Dmitry Druzhinsky - On Expanding Recreational Infrastructure of Brooklyn (Fri 18th Nov 16) New Garden Sculpture for Sculpture Lovers And Designers from Adam Christopher (Fri 18th Nov 16) Wireless Power Receiver Market Global Key Vendors, Manufacturers, Suppliers and Analysis Market Report 2022 (Fri 18th Nov 16) New Media Crisis Training Course Launched 17 November 2016 (Fri 18th Nov 16) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Campaign Videos Creative TV and video executions from the most innovative and market-leading brands. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories How should marketers define creativity? ABC is top à la carte TV channel Facebook faces new heat on metrics Children's internet use at record high Asia takes cross-border shopping lead UK retail sales growth hits 14-year high Korea tops viewable completion rates Indians downplay cybersecurity risk View more news Brand activism powers P&G 12 September 2016 NEW YORK: Procter & Gamble brands, such as Always, SK-II and Ariel have all successfully demonstrated the power of marketing to help drive social change in widely differing contexts. Marc Pritchard, Chief Brand Officer at P&G, reported that the firm's marketers are charged with developing a "creative canvas", premised on "an authentic brand idea which uniquely defines the essence and the performance of the brand". Alongside informing strategy-making, he continued, "the other thing about the creative canvas is that it offers freedom to explore a wider territory, but where the brand still matters." (For more, including further details of this approach, read Warc's exclusive report: Procter & Gamble embraces brand activism.) More specifically, it enables the company's brands to assist in addressing issues – both large and small – which are of importance to its target consumers. Always, the feminine-care line, for instance, campaigned for the introduction of a more rich and diverse range of emojis depicting girls and women, as part of its ongoing campaign to build self-confidence among this audience. "A lot of people told us what kinds of emojis they wanted; we had thousands and thousands of suggestions," Pritchard suggested. Elsewhere, skinecare line SK-II tackled the stigma often facing women in China who are unmarried by their mid-to-late twenties, using online video to show them as empowered, successful and capable of making their own choices. "SK-II's creative canvas is centred on the idea that women can change destiny of their skin and of their lives," Pritchard said. "But, since most women aren't really thinking about spending hundreds of dollars on skincare every day, one of the things SKII does is invite women into the brand using beautifully crafted human stories that attract women to its promise. Then they search, and eventually end up at the counter." Similarly, Ariel, the laundry detergent, ran a campaign in India actively seeking to challenge perceptions that washing clothes is "women's work", yielding powerful sales results while kick-starting a national dialogue. "It's accelerating the brand's growth; it ignited brand growth in India. It's now our fastest-growing brand in India, and it's changing the conversation about the role of women in society," Pritchard said. Data sourced from Warc Read more from Warc: How Procter & Gamble escaped the "crap trap" Procter & Gamble research validates emotional marketing Unilever's formula for avoiding advertising stereotypes At Unilever, a mandate for change...Now! Unilever's new marketing formula: Iˆn Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Related News P&G taps the skills of veterans Ariel wins Warc Prize for Asian Strategy Brand turnaround fuels UFC's growth Other top stories How should marketers define creativity? ABC is top à la carte TV channel Facebook faces new heat on metrics Children's internet use at record high Asia takes cross-border shopping lead UK retail sales growth hits 14-year high Korea tops viewable completion rates Indians downplay cybersecurity risk View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2016 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Public-sector pay Syria Weather conditions Health Nama North-South council meeting US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates PreviousNext 12/09/2016 - 22:39:20Back to Business Home After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed should not raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged on Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of 1%? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3%, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5%, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7%, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose 1.64 dollars, or 2.3%, to 71.94 dollars and Procter & Gamble gained 2.01 dollars, or 2.3%, to 88.25 dollars. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained one dollar, or 2.5%, to 40.71 dollars. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses on Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for 1.05 billion dollars, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9%, to 14.49 dollars. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose 2.31 dollars, or 2.2%, to 105.44 dollars and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up 3.70 dollars, or 2.3%, to 164.48 dollars. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at 36 billion dollars, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2%, to 16.76 dollars and Agrium dipped 2.57 dollars, or 2.7%, to 92.64 dollars. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's Dax fell 1.3% while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2%. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1%. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7% and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3%. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4%. US stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there was a case to be made the US central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Mr Rosengren and Mr Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they're not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies' borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added 6.52 dollars, or 7.3%, to 95.23 dollars after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6% stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company's stock has not done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard's comments. US crude rose 41 cents to 46.29 dollars a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to 48.32 dollars a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell 1.19 dollars, or 3%, to 37.95 dollars. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a 3.8 billion dollar pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company's stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale petrol gained three cents to 1.39 dollars a gallon. Heating oil added one cent to 1.44 dollars a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2%, to 2.92 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell 8.90 dollars to 1,325.60 dollars an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9%, to 19 dollars an ounce. Copper gained one cent to 2.10 dollars a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67% from 1.68%. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to 1.1241 from 1.1228 dollars. KEYWORDS: stocks, federal reserve, interest rates, ftse   send us stuff PreviousNext Want us to email you the top news stories each lunchtime? Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates Published 12/09/2016 0 Comments Share US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates BelfastTelegraph.co.uk US stocks surged on Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank should not raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/us-stocks-leap-as-investors-hope-for-steady-interest-rates-35043843.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35043842.ece/0b3ff/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-5765e1cb-303d-4bc7-bc21-9e92dca89684_I1.jpg Email Stocks rose on Wall Street after a hint from the Federal Reserve US stocks surged on Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank should not raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed should not raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged on Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of 1%? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3%, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5%, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7%, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose 1.64 dollars, or 2.3%, to 71.94 dollars and Procter & Gamble gained 2.01 dollars, or 2.3%, to 88.25 dollars. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained one dollar, or 2.5%, to 40.71 dollars. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses on Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for 1.05 billion dollars, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9%, to 14.49 dollars. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose 2.31 dollars, or 2.2%, to 105.44 dollars and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up 3.70 dollars, or 2.3%, to 164.48 dollars. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at 36 billion dollars, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2%, to 16.76 dollars and Agrium dipped 2.57 dollars, or 2.7%, to 92.64 dollars. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's Dax fell 1.3% while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2%. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1%. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7% and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3%. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4%. US stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there was a case to be made the US central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Mr Rosengren and Mr Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they're not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies' borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added 6.52 dollars, or 7.3%, to 95.23 dollars after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6% stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company's stock has not done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard's comments. US crude rose 41 cents to 46.29 dollars a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to 48.32 dollars a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell 1.19 dollars, or 3%, to 37.95 dollars. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a 3.8 billion dollar pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company's stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale petrol gained three cents to 1.39 dollars a gallon. Heating oil added one cent to 1.44 dollars a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2%, to 2.92 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell 8.90 dollars to 1,325.60 dollars an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9%, to 19 dollars an ounce. Copper gained one cent to 2.10 dollars a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67% from 1.68%. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to 1.1241 from 1.1228 dollars. AP Read More John Lewis store for Northern Ireland step closer after High Court order  By Alan Erwin Attempts to secure the first John Lewis store in Northern Ireland were given a major boost today by a High Court order on a new planning blueprint for greater Belfast. Brexit challenge: Supreme Court to decide if UK needs Northern Ireland's consent to leave...  A victims' campaigner's claim that the United Kingdom cannot quit the European Union without the consent of the people of Northern Ireland is to go before the Supreme Court. Shake-up of fund managers proposed by UK financial watchdog  The UK's financial watchdog has outlined a major shake-up for the fund management industry to ensure investors get a good return in an era of low-interest rates. Thomas Cook and Kingfisher due to post latest results  Turbulent trading for the travel industry and the impact of the Brexit-hit pound will be centre stage next week when Thomas Cook and Kingfisher update the City. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank  Business News No room at the inn... post-Brexit business booming for Belfast hotels in the run-up to...  Business News Dunbia sell-off of its pork business 'will boost Northern Ireland's rural economy'  Business News Big rise in workers facing daily commutes of two hours or more  Northern Ireland £100m health centre planned for King's Hall in Belfast could treat 40,000 patients  Business News Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News Northern Ireland weather: Police urge caution after snow blocks roads between...  Northern Ireland UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Northern Ireland MLAs' failed Brexit legal challenge referred to Supreme Court Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Fantasia Barrino slims down after struggling with 'pressure of perfection' Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Patricia Cornwell: 'When I was outed as a lesbian, I didn't leave my house for a month - I was afraid, horrified and humiliated' Revealed: Worst place in NI for car thefts Level-headed Belfast dog goes viral Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Limelight for Circus, November 15 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  From Belfast Telegraph Sunday Life Female warder bound with sticking tape to chair by laughing inmates  World Trump could make Sinn Fein ally counter-terror chief  Northern Ireland Snow arrives in Northern Ireland  Northern Ireland Terrified Branson feared he would die in Limavady  News Analysis News Analysis: Opinion: Time lift barrier on tolls in Northern Ireland  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on web  Northern Ireland Coalisland traffic warden flees after threats  Technology New jet will do London to New York in three hours  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 48° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Sunny. High around 60F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 38F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 8:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Merrimack Valley Rivera: 'Sanctuary city' fight will not affect Lawrence +9 By Paul Tennant ptennant@eagletribune.com   3 hrs ago Giving small businesses a place to grow Kick off the holidays in Methuen Haverhill's annual Christmas Stroll Dec. 3 Winter Farmers Market is Saturday Merrimack Valley Police Log Police shelve razors, raise money to fight cancer Brady's alma mater rooting for Pats RAISING A CHAMPION: How family, competition and love helped mold Tom Brady Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? News Brady's alma mater rooting for Pats +3 By Bill Burt bburt@eagletribune.com 3 hrs ago RAISING A CHAMPION: How family, competition and love helped mold Tom Brady Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: PMA soccer, Haverhill girls cross country Saluting Our Area’s Unsung Heroes State swim meets on Sunday Tournament Schedule Trout edges Betts, joins Bryant for league MVP crowns MVC Swimming: Central duo share MVP honors Dubnyk gets league-best 4th shutout as Wild beat Bruins 1-0 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Souza-Roy Engagement Oct 16, 2016 Noyes Anniversary Jackson Anniversary Evangelista-Read Engagement Club News Reunions Community Calendar Club News Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound Off 2 hrs ago Sound Off Our view: Saving historic homes: Don't demolish, deconstruct Sound Off Diana Sroka Rickert: Distraught by Trump's win? Advocate for smaller government Our view: New pot law a challenge for cities and towns Sound Off Letter: Blame the media for Hillary Clinton's defeat Letter: A month to honor home care and hospice professionals Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Close Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a man walks to work on Wall Street, near the New York Stock Exchange, in New York. Global stock markets tumbled Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, as investors fretted over the possibility of an imminent U.S. interest rate hike and reacted to the weekend health problems of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer Sep 12, 2016 Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a man walks to work on Wall Street, near the New York Stock Exchange, in New York. Global stock markets tumbled Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, as investors fretted over the possibility of an imminent U.S. interest rate hike and reacted to the weekend health problems of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Eds: Rewrites after the close of trading. With AP Photos. NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn't raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn't raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of one percent? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's DAX fell 1.3 percent while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7 percent and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there's a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Rosengren and Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they're not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies' borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added $6.52, or 7.3 percent, to $95.23 after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6 percent stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company's stock hasn't done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard's comments. U.S. crude rose 41 cents to $46.29 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to $48.32 a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell $1.19, or 3 percent, to $37.95. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a $3.8 billion pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company's stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 3 cents to $1.39 a gallon. Heating oil added 1 cent to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $2.92 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $8.90 to $1,325.60 an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $19 an ounce. Copper gained 1 cent to $2.10 a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67 percent from 1.68 percent. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1241 from $1.1228. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week +5 Seaglass Shore condos offer beach living year-round By Sarah Ashley Pratt  Advertising correspondent Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Police: Lawrence man had 100 grams of heroin in Plaistow Fire forces evacuation of Lawrence school NH school bus drivers to vote on possible strike tonight Benedetti's Deli eyes expansion to Plaistow One dead in apparent overdose at Plaistow store Fire in historic Methuen building displaces a dozen people Longtime Haverhill journalist Tom Vartabedian dies Andover man with rare cancer finds strength in numbers NH's 'Donald Trump' pleads guilty to marijuana possession 5-car crash on I-495 halts traffic Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Blue Chip Stocks You Can Buy Today Plenty of investors ask "What is a blue chip stock?" so we answered. Here's a list of a few of the best blue chip stocks you can buy today. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Sep 12, 2016 at 3:26PM Image source: Getty Images. What is a blue chip stock? If you had to stop to think, you probably aren't alone. Though the name surfaces frequently in our discussion of investing, no hard-and-fast rule exists. Generally speaking, a blue chip stock refers to a mature, financially secure, and sizable corporation. More often than not, they also often have extended track records of paying dividends. A rough proxy for blue chip stocks would be the companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, companies such as Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), 3M (NYSE:MMM), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), and Colgate-Palmolive (NYSE:CL), among many other potential names. Here's a quick snapshot of the numbers that qualify them for blue chip status. Blue Chip Stock Ticker Market Cap Div Yield # of Consecutive Annual Dividend Increases Procter & Gamble PG $229 billion 3.10% 53 3M MMM $106 billion 2.50% 57 Coca-Cola KO $182 billion 3.30% 53 Johnson & Johnson JNJ $323 billion 2.70% 59 Colgate-Palmolive CL $62 billion 2.20% 52 Data sources: Google Finance, Dividend.com.  Again, it bears noting that these names merely illustrate the kinds of companies that fit the bill, but this isn't the only way to define a blue chip stock. As just one example, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway wouldn't appear in that list because of its historical practice of not offering a dividend. However, most investors would agree that Berkshire Hathaway qualifies as a blue chip stock. The key takeaway here is that a "blue chip stock" often refers to a high-quality company, subjective though that may seem. A winning strategy? Regardless of the exact definition, the evidence suggests that investing in blue chip stocks tends to bode well for investors willing to hold them over the long term. Here's how the five blue chip stocks mentioned -- Procter & Gamble, 3M, Coca-Cola, Colgate-Palmolive, and Johnson & Johnson -- have performed versus the S&P 500, going as far back as our charting tool will allow. KO data by YCharts Admittedly, the above sample size of five names serves as anecdotal evidence. At the same time, though, investing in blue chips touches on several schools of investing that tend to outperform the market over the long term. One of the defining characteristics of blue chip stocks is their quality, expressed here in one way by their dividend growth prowess. We know dividend growth investing tends to handily outperform the market averages over time, especially when dividends are reinvested to buy more shares. Seen this way, buying blue chip stocks can be seen as an indirect way to follow a strategy we know works quite well. The idea underpinning this strategy's outperformance is simple but not obvious. According to the World Economic Forum, the average lifespan of a Fortune 500 companies is between 40 and 50 years. What's more, the average lifespan of a company appears to be falling. So blue chip companies that are able to remain in operation, such as those in our example, are by definition above average. What's more, having been able to both pay dividends over so long a period and consistently increase them speaks to the remarkable quality of these companies. Of course, no company remains impervious to change, so you can't think that simply buying select blue chip companies is a one-way ticket to easy street. Sears, Roebuck probably seemed like a no-brainer investment at one point. As with any investment strategy, diversification is crucial to owning blue chip stocks. However, the strategy appears to lie on sound investing principles. As Warren Buffett has famously said, "It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price," and that's precisely what investing in a diversified basket of blue chip stocks may allow investors everywhere to do. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool recommends Coca-Cola and Procter and Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Sep 12, 2016 at 3:26PM Consumer Goods Stocks Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $114.91 down $0.86 (-0.74%) Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $41.19 up $0.07 (0.16%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.36 down $0.71 (-0.86%) Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $236,330.00 down $-1,220.00 (-0.51%) 3M NYSE:MMM $173.00 up $0.23 (0.13%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $157.57 down $0.82 (-0.52%) Colgate-Palmolive NYSE:CL $65.82 down $0.17 (-0.26%) Read More Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Coca-Cola Stock History: What You Need to Know 3 Top Consumer-Staples Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Should You Buy PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, or Monster Beverage? 3 Things You Need to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Ask & Answer Rural Opinion Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Submit a Letter more Ask & Answer Most Popular Most Recent Girls' basketball 2016-17: Preseason rankings Iowa City man dies in motorcycle crash Kennedy High students walk out to protest hate, discrimination Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Video: Iowa City West fans, alumni send off championship game-bound football team Iowa Democrats plans to elect new chairperson in January Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Offseason rugby title may have helped Union advance to football title game Letter: Retiree appreciates former employer Dory Rathje Sep 12, 2016 at 12:01 am | Print View In an age where many often feel employers lack real appreciation for its hardworking employees, I must send accolades to a company with an alternative message. Procter & Gamble/Oral B sponsors an annual picnic at which they gift current and retired employees with an unbelievably generous assortment of products. Having retired 18 years ago, I appreciate not only the hefty cash value these products represent to me, but the positive signal the company sends to its employees. Dory Rathje Cedar Rapids Your next Letters to the Editor articles Letter: Avoid businesses that encourage ... Letter: Work together to fight harassmen ... Letter: Columnist missed an opportunity Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker L&T Tech Services targeting $1-b turnover by 2021: AM Naik SHILPA RANIPETA   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet PTI AM Naik Standalone entity into outsourcing of engineering services; contributes 18% to the main group The L&T Technology Services IPO opened this week. In an exclusive interview with BTVi, AM Naik, Group Chairman of L&T, says the new company aims to double its turnover in the next five years to $1 billion. Excerpts: While the company is called L&T Technology Services, you have stressed that this is not a ‘technology’ company. Could you tell us what exactly this company is into? This is a pure play engineering company that does third party outsourcing for clients. Talking about plant engineering, we don’t do that in this company for power plants, or for that matter hydro carbons. Those kinds of engineering are done with their respective businesses within L&T Group. Here we do plant engineering that we don’t do in the L&T main group, and that is FMCG,for companies like Uniliver, Proctor & Gamble, etc. It has become 18 per cent of the company. Auto and aero is roughly 25 per cent. Industrial product is again around 27 to 28 per cent, and so on. In the last three years we have grown by 16 per cent in dollar terms and 23 per cent in rupee terms. During this time, if you see, the oil prices have crashed. Had it not happened, we would have been perhaps instead grown by 16 per cent to 19-20 per cent. Speaking about revenues, you said how you will cross $500 million. Going forward, what is the kind of target that you have set in terms of growth, revenues and also in terms of margins for the next 4-5 years? The industry is about $1 trillion, out of which about $365 billion is what is addressable. Getting distance working for engineering is not more than $67 billion. Outsourcing to third party – which is being done in India – as well as captive is roughly $20 billion.Within that third party like us may be $5-6 billion. The balance is captive because most of the companies think that this is their proprietary knowledge and they don’t want that kind of transfer. So building faith is extraordinarily important considering that sometime an untold or unimaginable thing does happen in sectors like oil and gas. I think we will be able to double the turnover in the next five years. Our target is to touch $1 billion standalone in the engineering company. To meet that target we may have to acquire some niche technology companies. (This article was published on September 12, 2016) Related NEWS L&T Technology Services IPO: a pricey niche play TOPICS company information | initial public offering | Companies  »  Larsen & Toubro Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Markets Live: Yellen's comments, demonetisation pull Sensex down 77 points More... Tweet Top Gainers / Top Losers DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds NSE Currency Futures Results Standalone Financial Results, Limited Review Report for September 30, 2016 Disclosure of Voting results of AGM (Regulation 44(3) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015) Standalone Financial Results, Auditors Report for March 31, 2016 Standalone Financial Results, Limited Review Report for December 31, 2015 Q2 results on Nov 30, 2016 More Results » Disclosures Disclosures under Reg. 29(1) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 Disclosures under Reg. 29(2) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 Disclosures under Reg. 29(2) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 Disclosures under Reg. 10(5) in respect of acquisition under Reg. 10(1)(a) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 Disclosures under Reg. 29(2) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 More Disclosures » Others Updates on Scheme of Amalgamation Updates on Scheme of Amalgamation Updates on Scheme of Amalgamation Extension of the Rights Issue closing date Update on appointment of Director More Others » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Yellen's comments, demonetisation pull Sensex down 77 points Jhunjhunwala adds more Delta Corp shares Rupee crashes below 68 level; ends at 9-month low Day Trading Guide for Nov 18, 2016 Central Bank of India (₹83) Inditrade Capital buys out step-down firm of Edelweiss Gold rates SEBI relaxes rules for investments by MF staff Nifty call: Consider initiating long positions with stop-loss at 8,090 levels Govt has given much-needed encouragement to the market: Akshay Chudasama Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS Indian auto after-market poised for double-digit growth curve 5 min. ago Demonetisation may hit Q3 net of FMCG firms 6 min. ago Curbs on generators, Badarpur plant extended 9 min. ago MCX to impose concentration margin to combat price rigging 12 min. ago Cotton trades flat 12 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Markets Banks steal back the spotlight from NBFCs Missed out on market goings-on this week? Here’s a selective recap » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.


Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Watching People Eat Is Big in Korea; Now It's Supposedly Coming to America 5 hours ago Array 0 Dentsu Aegis' Vizeum Becomes Part of 360i in the U.S. By Lindsay Stein - 6 hours ago Array 0 Apple Swamps Web Video With 107-Second Summary of New-Product Showcase 6 hours ago Array 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago Array 0 Lowdown: Audi and Airbnb Hook Up in Emmys Ad 9 hours ago Array 0 This Moving Film About an Agency Staffer With MS Shows the Reality of Life With the Disease By Alexandra Jardine - 14 hours ago 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago 0 Laughing All the Way to the Bank: Rio Olympics Make NBC $250 Million Richer By Anthony Crupi - 9 hours ago 0 Breaking the Barriers Between Marketing and Product Development By Drew Neisser - 14 hours ago 0 More Magazine Is Reborn Online and Now Targeting Millennials By Jeremy Barr - 10 hours ago 0 Yes He Can? Here's How Trump Could Win By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Keith Olbermann Offers '176 Reasons Donald Trump Shouldn't Be President' in His New GQ.com Show By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 How Fitbit Is Staying a Step Ahead in the Race for Wearables By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Chicken Fries That Go Crunch -- And Won't Turn Your Fingers Orange By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 How Brands Should Be Marketing Wellness to Women By Kathy Delaney - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. Glad you're here and we hope you like what we do. But what we do is expensive and is supported in large part by advertising. So if you could whitelist us, or login, that'd be great. How to Whitelist Besides, you're reading about advertising. Why not see who's advertising around the advertising coverage while you're at it? Rance Crain Jean-Marie Dru on Why Disruption Isn't Destruction TBWA Chief Opens Up About Working With Apple, Netflix and Other Innovators By Rance Crain. Published on September 12, 2016. Reprints Reprints Advertising Age Player Disruption in the marketplace doesn't have to be destructive. That's the word from Jean-Marie Dru, the French advertising man who merged the agency he started, BDDP, with TBWA. Jean-Marie, who actually trademarked the term "disruption methodology" back in 1991 and has written several books on the topic, contends that disruption and destruction are not an either-or scenario. "They're very different," Jean-Marie told me in a video interview prior to his induction into the Advertising Hall of Fame. "People believe that you have a choice between incremental, a new line or extension, something like that, or something so disruptive that it will destroy your market. That's wrong. In the middle you have thousands of possibilities of disruptive strategy that don't destroy market share." Take Tom's shoes for example. Jean-Marie said the company is very disruptive but it didn't destroy the shoe market. "And Nescafé and Nespresso, they are very disruptive, but they don't destroy the marketplace. So you can be very disruptive without destroying the market base. This is very important because there is too much confusion" between the two. But how about the internet, which has done a pretty good job of laying waste to more than a few print publications?Jean-Marie replied that the internet "forces everybody to be really creative." In the '70s and '80s and '90s, 10% or 15% of agencies were creative. "Ninety percent were not creative at all, just repetitive and boring. Now if you're boring, you just know you won't make it. Procter & Gamble didn't come to Cannes until 2003 or 2004. Why did they come to Cannes? Because for the first time they understood that like every other company, they had to become very creative." So, in Jean-Marie's view, the internet, while a big change, "is an opportunity to be creative. Now everybody can be very interactive, very digital, very smart, and you see incredible new stories, thanks to the internet. It's been tough for everybody, but it's an opportunity at the same time." Burberry is an example of a brand that has reinvented itself through disruption. Jean-Marie said sales of Burberry in the last five years have tripled. "Everything is digital, which is strange for a fashion brand. They start with digital. Whatever item you want to buy, you can buy it on the internet with 1,000 possibilities. If you go to its store on Regent Street in London, the design of the store is like the website." Disruptive brands can be more demanding, Jean-Marie pointed out. "We are lucky enough to work in L.A. for Apple, Netflix, Airbnb and Twitter," he said. "Good for us. It's tough because they're expecting new things from us. If you say to Airbnb, 'We have to build a brand,' they say, 'Come on, we already have a brand.' It's not always easy to understand each other, but it's helping us to think differently." Talking about thinking different, to paraphrase Apple's famous line, Jean-Marie said it's "very difficult" to work for Apple "because what we tried to do is to be as simple as possible. Simple, simple, simple." If you've seen the campaign with the photographs, when you see it outside it's fantastic. But try to imagine you're in the office and somebody says this is what we're going to do -- big photos. You're going to say, 'Is that all?' That's why it's very difficult." How do you handle that? I asked Jean-Marie. "Well, there are two or three guys in the L.A. office, starting with Lee Clow, who have a fantastic feeling of understanding the difference between simple and simplistic." Jean-Marie and Lee Clow have become good friends over the years. "I think what he likes about me is the fact that I'm always struggling to find inspiring strategies, to help the creatives to be more creative. "Disruption for him and me is nothing but a methodology to come up with interesting strategies for the creative. That's it. A springboard for the creative. He knows I love creativity. ... He thinks I am a crazy account man." Jean-Marie's creative philosophy also revolves around speed. Disruptive Live is how TBWA creates in real time, and the New York office alone created 3,500 pieces of content in one year. The point is that "more and more clients need fast and cheap. You can be good, fast and cheap. To be great, fast and cheap is very difficult. "Before, when we had three months to build the campaign -- that level between good and great -- you could spend hours and days trying to move to the next level. Here you have to go fast."Jean-Marie said his agency achieves good, fast and cheap 90% of the time. Great, fast and cheap is "very seldom." I asked Jean-Marie about the difference between the French and American ways of doing business. The French, he said, "overconceptualize. ... We like to think too much. I think we're not pragmatic enough in my country." But "you would be surprised to know that at the Las Vegas Consumer Electronics Show, we had 200 French startups," the second country in the world in that category. "There's a huge gap between what we are and the image we have, especially in America. We're not so bad, but people don't know that." But Jean-Marie believes France itself could use a dose of disruption. Since 1988, "nothing has changed. It's a pity, because we have all the resources, all the energy." Jean-Marie is a big advocate of sales-based agency contracts. "I'm trying to push, as much as possible, where the incentive is linked to the sales, so $10 a car or whatever. If you can do this, it can be very effective. But not all clients offer that." One reason might be such deals would make the job of procurement people more difficult. "You agree on a percentage of sales, then they've got nothing to do anymore." In this article: Agencies Rance Crain Technology Rance Crain Rance Crain is president of Crain Communications and editor-in-chief of Advertising Age. View all articles by this author Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null

Africa obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu MARKETING To reach millennial customers, this Kenyan telecom giant tried shopping like them Written by Lily Kuo September 11, 2016 Quartz africa (Maxime Francout for Quartz) Share Written by Lily Kuo September 11, 2016 Quartz africa In this series, Perfect Company, we are examining pockets of excellence in the corporate world. No single company is perfect, but together they show what the corporate ideal could look like. The platonic ideal “Good marketers see consumers as complete human beings with all the dimensions real people have.” – Jonah Sachs, Winning the Story Wars The practice For the last 16 years Safaricom, Kenya’s largest publicly traded company and East Africa’s largest telecom, has focused on signing up more mobile subscribers. With 87% of Kenya’s population already subscribed to mobile phone plans, Safaricom, partly owned by Britain’s Vodafone—along with its newer rivals such as India’s Bharti Airtel or Orange Kenya, partly owned by France’s Orange SA—are now chasing a smaller slice of the pie. So far, Safaricom is grabbing the most of that slice, with about 25 million subscribers and a market share of almost 70%. Its mobile-money platform, M-pesa, is the world’s largest, with more than $50 billion in transactions a year; it’s used by more than half of Kenyan adults.  “We had a bit of a challenge where we had people using Safaricom by default just because it’s big.” But Safaricom, one of the earliest telecoms in the region, worries it won’t always be on top. Competition is becoming more intense and customers have more choices. Safaricom, while dominant, lacked customer loyalty, its executives realized more than a year ago. “We had a bit of a challenge where we had people using Safaricom by default just because it’s big. It’s there,” says Charles Wanjohi, head of customer segmentation, who was hired from rival Airtel to start the department last year. “The challenge is how to make all these 25 million people love you.” To achieve that, the company has been going through a transformation over the past year. It’s been focused on changing itself into a “consumer-led” business. This means using data and research to organize marketing, distribution, customer service, and product offerings—basically all decisions—around niche markets. Potential and existing Safaricom customers are classified and analyzed not just by their age and income, but instead according to a series of “psychographics,” or attitudes and aspirations. Instead of looking to other telecom companies, Safaricom emulates consumer goods companies like Procter and Gamble that have long used principles of market segmentation. Safaricom’s consumer segments are based on four broad categories, divided into 16 sub-segments, which include: “young flashers,” entry-level professionals eager to show off their newfound wealth; “savvy loyalists,” self-employed entrepreneurs age 4o and up who like to keep their money under wraps; “mature trendies,” young families; or the “prudent young,” youth who work and have responsibilities. Some of these segments are broken into smaller groups, a process that Wanjohi says is “ever evolving.” They are based in their average spending, or “ARPU” average revenue per user, education level, age, and less tangible factors like their “attitude toward life.” The company has begun more heavily targeting Kenya’s various regions over the past year. These range from pastoralist communities to the coast where most of the country’s Muslims live, or tribes that prefer their own language over Kiswahili or English, Kenya’s two national languages, notes Musau. A lot of Wanjohi’s efforts have been getting the staff to think in the mindset of its customers. Charts of the “Safaricom universe” are taped to the cubicles outside Wanjohi’s office. Staff parties are held where different departments dress up as a consumer segment. All marketing campaigns are customized to target these specific groups. The approach applies to customer service, too. Staff at the its customer care centers are subdivided according to the customer segments they serve. Customers queue inside a Safaricom mobile phone care center downtown Nairobi. (Reuters/Thomas Mukoya) “One fundamental thing is that we have become cognizant of the customer in all our decision making, across the whole company, “Wanjohi said. Immersive research has been important as well. Wanjohi recently assigned his staff an exercise in understanding one of their lower income groups, the “mass segment” customer. Teams were sent out to buy 4,000 shillings ($40) worth of goods they thought that consumer would buy. The same amount of money was given to real customers that his team then followed on their shopping trip.  Customers are classified and analyzed according to their attitudes and aspirations. The results were surprising. Instead of spending the bulk of their money on basic food items and Kenyan staples like maize and flour, these shoppers also bought more costly basics like rice, cooking oil, laundry detergent, and toothpaste, in small amounts. “The exercise taught us that to understand each segment, we had to experience what it’s like for consumers within that segment,” Wanjohi said. The segment the company is most focused on now is Kenya’s 11 million working-age young people. They don’t have a lot of buying power now, but as many as 1 million Kenyans between the ages of 15 and 25 are signing up for mobile phone services a year, according to Musau. In a few years they will start earning an income. Wanjohi says the company expects to see 25% of its growth to come from the youth market over the next few years. To appeal to this group of “high pot students,” or high potential university students, “tweens,” youth as young as 10 years old, or “prudent young,” Safaricom launched a sub-brand called BLAZE in June. The brand—which includes cell phones, SIM cards, and customizable phone plans to mentorship programs, youth summits, and a television show—is built around the idea of being your own boss, or BYOB. Mentors and BLAZE brand ambassadors are self-employed young Kenyans who have established untraditional careers in things like Thai boxing, dancing, or music. “When we landed on this segment of young people, we found this tension that people want success but the opportunities are very limited, ” Wanjohi said. As many as half a million new Kenyan graduates are competing for just 30,000 jobs a year, one reason why the country has the highest youth unemployment rates, almost 20%, in East Africa. The takeaways In the year since Safaricom began focusing on segmentation, its net profit rose 19.5% for the year ending March 2016 to 38.1 billion Kenyan shillings ($375 million). Its increase in customers this past year, almost 8%, was the highest in five years, according to Musau. “[This approach] is already translating into success when you look into our engagement and brand scores with consumers,” Wanjohi said, but declined to share those scores. Wanjohi admits that there has been a learning curve. His department has had to overturn assumptions about young Kenyans. “There’s a perception that the youth are all about the party lifestyle, but we found they are very driven and very entrepreneurial from a very young age.”  The biggest risk is offending customers with simplistic or off-base characterizations. Another issue has been translating segmentation into usable measures of performance. “You can define the consumer very well, you can see the consumer in your head, but if you can’t match the consumer with the internal reporting system then you have a big challenge,” Wanjohi says. “The challenge is how do you make sure you marry the customer description with how they are described in the reporting system? So, when you are doing the reporting … you can say, ‘This is the customer group that is bringing the growth.'” The biggest risk in this approach may be offending customers with simplistic or off-base characterizations. “Very few firms ever recover from this,” says Mary Onguko, relationship manager at Imarasat, a broadband provider to African businesses who published a 2014 paper on segmentation on Kenya’s telecom industry.  “How you name your consumers affects your perception of them.” Airtel, one of Safaricom’s rivals, once focused almost entirely on mobile phone users of the highest-income group, ignoring the larger but poorer wanjiku or “common man.” Airtel has since tried to reverse course, Onguko says, but now lags Safaricom, which took that opportunity to establish itself as the everyman’s service provider. It’s partly for this reason that Wanjohi is hesitant to reveal all the names the company has used to describe its segments. Some of them have verged on the offensive, leading Wanjohi to make some recent “refinements” to the category names. To him, this is as important for implementation as it is for appearance. “How you name your consumers affects your perception of them,” he says. “You need to have a picture of the customer in your mind. You always want to have a positive view of the customer group.” Sign up for the Quartz Africa Weekly Brief — the most important and interesting news from across the continent, in your inbox. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 7 Stocks That Pay You to Own Them A few rock-solid dividend stocks to add to your watch list. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Sep 11, 2016 at 9:49AM Image source: Getty Images. There are significant benefits to including a few dividend-paying stocks in your portfolio. Not only can they produce steadier returns with lower stock price volatility, but their payments help investors take advantage of market swings simply through automatic reinvestment plans. Then, as retirement approaches and income becomes a bigger priority, you can easily start taking dividends in cash, rather than directing them toward automatic stock purchases. Here are a few companies that pay substantial dividends and boast a solid track record of raising that payout over time. Below, I'll highlight some reasons to consider adding a few of them to your portfolio.  Company Dividend Yield Payout Ratio Profit Margin Waste Management 2.6% 62% 9% Home Depot 2.1% 43% 8% Johnson & Johnson 2.7% 57% 21% Hershey  2.5% 68% 10% UPS 2.9% 54% 8% Wal-Mart 2.7% 32% 3% Yum! Brands 2.0% 54% 11% Data source: Company financial filings and YCharts. Johnson & Johnson's stellar track record For consistency, it doesn't get much better than Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). The medical and pharmaceutical conglomerate has raised its dividend for 54 consecutive years -- one of the longest such streaks on the stock market.  Its massive scale in a consistently growing healthcare market has helped shares rise by a nearly 11% compound rate since 1985. Its 70% gross profit margin, meanwhile, not only beats other dividend payers on the above list but also outpaces more directly comparable companies, like Procter & Gamble and 3M.  JNJ Gross Profit Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Johnson & Johnson is growing faster than these industry giants, as well, which is a testament to its unusually strong competitive position. At 22 times last year's earnings, this stock isn't particularly cheap. Yet the company has consistently demonstrated why it deserves a premium valuation.  Home Depot's outsized profit gains If it's fast growth that you're after, then consider Home Depot (NYSE:HD). The home improvement giant's profits are on a multi-year upswing, thanks to a rising housing market that has plenty of room to continue climbing. Annual net income soared from below $4 billion in 2012 to over $7 billion last year. LOW Net Income (TTM) data by YCharts. Home Depot targets returning 50% of those profits to shareholders in the form of dividends every year, which explains why the payout has skyrocketed lately. That's a more aggressive goal than rival Lowe's and its 35% payout promise. Dividends aren't the only area where Home Depot beats its smaller competitor: Sales growth, profit margins, and capital efficiency metrics all point toward Home Depot as the stronger stock purchase right now.  Yum! Brands' profitable new focus Finally, Yum! Brands (NYSE:YUM), the owner of KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell restaurants, looks attractive right now for two big reasons. First, its operating results are strong. Earnings are up 30% over the last six months, thanks to rising restaurant-level margins and an aggressively expanding store base. Image source: Getty Images. Sure, comparable-store sales growth is slowing, but that is an industrywide issue and one that Yum!, with its diverse set of fast-food offerings, should be able to weather better than rivals.  Second, the restaurant chain is on the cusp of shedding its China KFC business, which will free management to focus its energies on improving market share in the U.S. The spinoff will also produce plenty of capital -- much of which Yum! plans to return to investors through stock buybacks and dividend increases.  Each of these investments carries specific risks that could cause the stock to underperform in the future. Dividends don't change that basic truth. Yet by focusing on dividend payers, investors enjoy tangible returns in exchange for their patience, which makes it easier to stomach volatility on the way to -- ideally -- market-beating long-term stock price appreciation.   Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Home Depot. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool owns shares of Waste Management. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot, Procter and Gamble, and United Parcel Service. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Sep 11, 2016 at 9:49AM Consumer Goods Stocks Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $114.91 down $0.86 (-0.74%) Yum! Brands NYSE:YUM $62.17 up $1.41 (2.32%) Home Depot NYSE:HD $127.85 down $-1.08 (-0.84%) Read More Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 5 Blue Chip Stocks You Can Buy Today Is Taco Bell Taking On the Chicken Chains? Why Yum! Brands Shares Are Up 20% This Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Today in Soap Opera History (September 11) Posted by Roger Newcomb 1975: Ryan's Hope's Jack visited Sister Mary Joel. 1984: Santa Barbara's Jade ran into David Hasselhoff. 1986: Another World's Reginald had a fire started to stop a story. 2003: The Young and the Restless' John punched Victor. "If you don't know history, then you don't know anything. You are a leaf that doesn't know it is part of a tree." ― Michael Crichton "Today in Soap Opera History" is a collection of the most memorable, interesting and influential events in the history of scripted, serialized programs. From birthdays and anniversaries to scandals and controversies, every day this column celebrates the soap opera in American culture. On this date in... 1941: On radio soap opera Life Can Be Beautiful, "Chichi" Conrad (Alice Reinheart) coped with heartbreaking news. 1967: CBS aired the first color broadcast of The Secret Storm. 1972: The Edge of Night began airing at 2:30 p.m. ET, moving from its usual 3:30 p.m. timeslot where it had been performing well in the ratings. CBS and Procter & Gamble made the decision to move the show to create blocks of P&G soaps that would not compete against each other on CBS and NBC. Edge of Night's ratings took a nose dive, and was eventually moved to ABC on December 1, 1975, to make room for the As the World Turns expansion to one hour. We Love Soaps included this timeslot change on the 25 Biggest Blunders in Daytime Soap Opera History list back in 2011. 1975: On Ryan's Hope, Jack Fenelli (Michael Levin) took Mary Ryan (Kate Mulgrew) to see Sister Mary Joel (Sylvia Sidney), who told Jack she needed his help. 1980: On General Hospital, Rose (Loanne Bishop) and Joe (Doug Sheehan) stood by Paddy Kelly's (Frank Parker) hospital bedside after he was stabbed by Frank Smith's (George Gaynes) men. 1984: Knight Rider (and former The Young and the Restless) star David Hasselhoff guest-starred on Santa Barbara. In the episode, Jade Perkins (Melissa Reeves, then Melissa Brennan) and Danny Andrade (Rupert Ravens) ran into Hasselhoff as he waited to use a phone boot Jade was in. Note: The clip below has been dubbed. 1984: On General Hospital, Frisco Jones (Jack Wagner) wanted honesty from Felicia Cummings (Kristina Wagner, then Malandro). Felicia tried to run away but broke her leg. 1984: On The Edge of Night, as the trial of his wife, Raven (Sharon Gabet), began, Sky Whitney (Larkin Malloy) interrupted the proceedings to demand Brian Murdock be removed from her case. 1986: On Another World, men hired by Reginald Love (John Considine) started a fire at Cory Publishing to keep Mac Cory (Douglass Watson) from publishing a story in Brava exposing Reginald. 1989: On As the World Turns, the investigation into the murder of James Stenbeck continued. 1990: Michael Sabatino debuted as Lawrence Alamain in Days of our Lives. Larry Gates starred as H.B. Lewis on Guiding Light. 1997: On The Bold and the Beautiful, Stephanie (Susan Flannery) angrily confronted a perplexed Lauren Fenmore (Tracey Bregman) over the scandalous photo that was found in the minister's Bible during Stephanie's now-aborted wedding to Eric. The photo, which showed Lauren and Eric naked in bed had actually been planted by Stephanie's nemesis, Sally Spectra. SLAP ALERT! Thanks to FoxCrane for sending in the item above. 1997: On Guiding Light, friends and family gathered for the funeral of H.B. Lewis, a beloved character played by Emmy winner Larry Gates for 13 years until his death on December 12, 1996. T.J. Hargrave played Tim Werner on Guiding Light. 2001: Nearly 3,000 people were killed in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 at the World Trade Center site in New York City, near Shanksville, Pa., and at the Pentagon. Former Guiding Light child actor T.J. Hargrave, who played Tim (T.J.) Werner, was working as a vice president of Cantor Fitzgerald at the time of the attacks on the World Trade Center, and lost his life that day. He was only 38. 2003: On The Young and the Restless, John Abbott (Jerry Douglas) finally got to do what others have only dreamed about when he punched Victor Newman (Eric Braeden) smack, dab right in the kisser! "Raging Bull" John was out for blood that day, because he felt Victor's recent machinations were what led to John's grandson, Robert Carlton, being stillborn. Thanks to FoxCrane for sending in the item above. 2010: Actor Kevin McCarthy, whose primetime soap roles included Lucas Carter in The Colbys and Claude Weldon on Flamingo Road, died at age 96. Celebrating a birthday today are: Jenny Gago (ex-Connie, General Hospital; ex-Maria, Knots Landing) - 63 Reed Birney (ex-Walter, Another World) - 62 Roxann Dawson (ex-Adrienne, Another World) - 58 Scott Patterson (ex-Finn, 90210; ex-Michael, The Event; ex-Luke, Gilmore Girls) - 58 John Hawkes (ex-Sol, Deadwood) - 57 Susan Gibney (ex-Grace, One Life to Live) - 55 Virginia Madsen (ex-Penelope, Witches of East End; ex-Catherine, The Event) - 55 Joey Dedio (ex-Raul, Another World) - 53 Laura Wright (Carly, General Hospital; ex-Cassie, Guiding Light; ex-Ally, The City; ex-Ally, Loving) - 46 Taraji P. Henson (Cookie, Empire) - 46 Gibson Frazier (Martin, Wallflowers) - 45 Tyler Hoechlin (ex-Derek, Teen Wolf; ex-Martin, 7th Heaven) - 29 Elizabeth Henstridge (Jemma, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.; ex-Emily, Hollyoaks) - 29 EDITOR'S NOTE: If you would like to submit a soap history entry for this date or a future date, email editor@welovesoaps.com. Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: As The World Turns, Birthdays, Daytime, General Hospital, Guiding Light, History, Laura Wright, Loving, Santa Barbara, The City, The Edge of Night, The Young and the Restless No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Loading... Featured Post Claire Labine Has Passed Away at Age 82 Claire Labine Beloved nine-time Emmy winner writer Claire Labine passed away earlier this week. She was 82. A cause of death has not ye... Popular Posts Claire Labine Has Passed Away at Age 82 Claire Labine Beloved nine-time Emmy winner writer Claire Labine passed away earlier this week. She was 82. A cause of death has not ye... 'The Bold and the Beautiful' Spoilers (November 14-18, 2016) Too close for comfort? Check out the day-to-day spoilers and a sneak peek video below to find out what's happening on CBS soap opera... 'General Hospital' Spoilers (November 14-18, 2016) Sonny announces at Morgan's funeral that he is going to do the only thing he knows that might bring his son peace... and then takes o... 'The Young and the Restless' Spoilers (November 14-18, 2016) All isn't fair in love and war. Check out the day-to-day spoilers and a sneak peek video below to find out what's happening on N... Soap of the Week Poll (November 7-11, 2016) It is time to vote in our Soap of the Week reader poll! Vote for the daytime drama, actor, actress and couple that were your favorites th... Today in Soap Opera History (November 14) 1984: OLTL's Asa wanted to stop Bo from marrying Didi. 1984: Dominic's identity was revealed on Santa Barbara . 1995: The gold ... Today in Soap Opera History (November 16) 1981: Texas' Justin learned Ashley wasn't pregnant. 1981: General Hospital's Rick walked Laura down the aisle. 1995: Days ... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart, Apple Dominate DJIA Monday By Paul Ausick September 12, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet September 12, 2016: Markets opened higher Monday, turning away from overseas markets that were still feeling the effects of last Friday’s losses in U.S. markets. Three Fed officials spoke today, with 2 of the 3 counseling patience and prudence before ordering an interest rate hike. The Fed officials’ comments caused a slight dip in equity prices, but not much and not for long. All 10 sectors traded in the green Monday with telecom stocks leading the way. WTI crude oil for October delivery settled at $46.29 a barrel, up 0.9% for the day, even following a mixed report from OPEC this morning. December gold closed down 0.7% on the day to settle at $1,325.60. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up by 1.33% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 1.48%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 1.63%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) which traded up 2.62% at $72.14. The stock’s 52-week range is $70.30 to $73.19. Trading volume was less than 10% below the daily average of around 9.3 million. The world’s largest retailer had no specific news.. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded up 2.33% at $105.53. The stock’s 52-week range is $89.47 to $123.82. Volume was about 10% above the daily average of around 33 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. The Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) traded up 2.16% at $88.10. The stock’s 52-week range is $67.33 to $88.87. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 9 million shares. The company had no specific news. The Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) traded up 2.08% at $43.15. The stock’s 52-week range is $37.85 to $47.13. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 11.5 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. Of the 29 Dow index stocks 29 are on track to close higher Monday and just one (DuPont) is set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Risk Of Recession Moves Higher Kroger, Whole Foods in Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In Powerball Lottery Has Now Hit $320 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Safest States in America Recent A Single Quake Could Shake Both Ends of California Texas Jobs Market May Be Signaling Decent News for the Oil Patch Impinj Gears Up for Secondary Offering Citigroup, Apple No Longer ‘Forever’ Holdings of Saudi Prince Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Embarrassingly Cheap Dividend Stocks Johnson & Johnson Takes Aim at AbbVie 3 Top Stocks You Can Buy and Hold for the Next Decade U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October Surging Earnings Estimates Signal Good News for NVIDIA (NVDA) Surging Earnings Estimates Signal Good News for Ocwen Financial (OCN) Increased Earnings Estimates Seen for Melco Crown (MPEL): Can It Move Higher? A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Stocks Flat as Dollar Continues Rise; Nasdaq Hits Intraday Record Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power Are Under Armour's Expensive Sponsorships Worth the Cost? Amazon Tackles Islamophobia In Heartwarming Christmas Ad Dollar Charges To 14-Year High, Bond Tantrum In Full Swing How To Know When To Dial Your Confidence Up—Or Down Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ז חשון תשע"ז   |   Friday, November 18, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stocks Leap as Investors Hope for Steady Interest Rates U.S. Stocks Leap as Investors Hope for Steady Interest Rates Monday, September 12, 2016 at 7:51 pm | ט' אלול תשע"ו NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn’t raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday’s drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn’t raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem “noncommittal” and aren’t sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed’s cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. “The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes,” he said. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday’s losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung’s printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world’s largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany’s DAX fell 1.3 percent while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7 percent and South Korea’s Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there’s a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they’re not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies’ borrowing costs. Filed under: Dow Jones, S&P, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stocks Slump as Traders Fear Higher Interest Rates Stocks Are Jolted Higher as Fed Keeps Interest Rates Steady Stocks End Modestly Higher After Fed Holds Rates Steady  Reassurances From Fed on Interest Rates Send Stocks Higher  Higher Interest Rates Talk Spooks Stocks Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Asian Shares Mixed, Nikkei Up as Yellen Remarks Lift Dollar Business Briefs – November 17, 2016 Bank Stocks Surge Again, Leading Broader Market Higher Ex-Valeant, Philidor Execs Arrested for Fraud, Conspiracy Arkansas High Court Bars Union From Protesting at Wal-Mart OP-ED On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Features Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Life Saver Insights Into Salt Brilliant Torah Insights From Harav Yissocher Dov Rokeach, Zy”a This Day In History 17 Cheshvan/November 18 הרה”ק רבי ישכר דב מבעלזא זי”ע Sudoku – November 18, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 17 Cheshvan/November 18 Editorial Cartoon – November 18, 2016 Hot And Cold Are Dairy Fats Different? Maybe You Don’t Really Need to Drink So Much Water Every Day Brown, Blond or Red? This Day In History 16 Cheshvan/November 17 Weather » Brooklyn 54°F Sunny See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,320.99 -12.98 (-0.24%) S&P 500 2,182.14 -4.98 (-0.23%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9444 GBP 0.8115 ILS 3.8761 CHF 1.0089 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧

Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks bounce back as rate fears ease  Margreet Dietz Tuesday September 13, 2016 2 Share US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard Play NBR radio on Scroll for video below Wall Street bounced back from Friday's rout, which ended two months of summer calm. The rebound came after comments by US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard bolstered bets the central bank won't raise interest rates next week. "In today's new normal, the costs to the economy of greater than expected strength in demand are likely to be lower than the costs of significant unexpected weakness," Ms Brainard said. "This asymmetry in risk management in today's new normal counsels prudence in the removal of policy." The Federal Open Market Committee, of which Ms Brainard is a permanent voting member, begins its next two-day meeting on September 20. Traders reduced their expectations for a September rate hike to 15% from 24% on Friday and for a December hike to 54.5% from 59.2%, Reuters reported, citing the CME Group's FedWatch tool. US stocks bounce back after Brainard eases rate hike fears: pic.twitter.com/6JtvXBAMPC — NBR (@TheNBR) September 12, 2016 Wall Street breathed a sigh of relief. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied 239.62 points, or 1.3%, to 18,325.04, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1.7% to 5211.89. In 2.53pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index advanced 1.5% to 2159.04, its biggest gain since July 8. Gains in shares of Wal-Mart and Procter & Gamble, up 2.3% and 2.3% respectively, led the Dow higher. Treasury yields rise US Treasurys briefly rose on Ms Brainard's comments, then fell, pushing yields on the benchmark 10-year note one basis point higher to 1.671%. "She didn't change the tone of what she had been saying much, and I think the snap rally was only because the market may have been preparing for a hawkish surprise," New York-based BMO Capital Markets Corp a fixed-income strategist Aaron Kohli told Bloomberg. BMO is one of the Fed's 23 primary dealers. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the session with a drop of 1% from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index declined 1.1%, France's CAC 40 index fell 1.2%, while Germany's DAX index slid 1.3%. In the latest round of merger and acquisition activity, Canada's Potash Corp of Saskatchewan and Agrium agreed to merge to create the world's largest crop nutrient company. Following the close of the transaction, expected during mid-2017, Potash Corp shareholders will own about 52% of the new company, and Agrium shareholders will own the remainder. Agrium shares traded 2.6% lower at 2.12pm in Toronto, while Potash Corp shares traded 1 % weaker at 2.06pm in Toronto. "This deal has some real antitrust concerns," Seth Bloom, a US Justice Department veteran who is now at Bloom Strategic Consulting, told Reuters. (BusinessDesk) Click the hamburger symbol top right of our homepage to access the Rich List 2016 and other sections. 2 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Related Articles:  NZ dollar gains as Fed's Brainard warns against hiking US rates too early Tue 13 Sep 16 2 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by Anonymous2 2 months ago ... what more supports the adage, "nothing to fear except fear itself" than the erratic market behaviour, encouraged by contradictory utterances of the various branches of the Fed. Fear not, there's very very low probability of a Fed rate hike before November 8, and a low probability before the end of the year and the next administration ascending the throne. It pays the Fed to generate noise to continue the facade that they are in control, they are not. Nor is our RBNZ which is just a responder to indeterminate events. The only thing that RBNZ can do is to shore up our defences and hope for the best, that's the state of the practice of economics today. Reply Share Share   0 0 by The Moose 2 months ago in reply to Anonymous2 Hear hear. Fed throws out a jawbone, market picks it up and runs away to the downside with it, Fed immediately retraces steps to pick up said bone and throw it in the right direction, market goes up again. One manipulating the other. Unbelievable, really. Reply Share Share   0 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7039 0.0021 0.30% AUD 0.9556 0.0071 0.75% EUR 0.6639 0.0027 0.41% GBP 0.5703 0.0043 0.76% HKD 5.4578 0.0145 0.27% JPY 77.7020 0.2280 0.29% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1216.9 -8.490 2016-11-17T00: Oil Brent 47.6 -0.160 2016-11-17T00: Oil Nymex 46.0 -0.180 2016-11-17T00: Silver Index 16.8 -0.160 2016-11-17T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6814.7 6867.1 6814.7 0.63% NASDAQ 5341.0 5346.8 5334.0 -0.26% DAX 10735.0 10738.0 10685.5 -0.04% DJI 18905.3 18915.7 18903.8 -0.19% FTSE 6794.7 6811.6 6794.7 -0.28% HKSE 22239.2 22374.4 22262.9 0.37% NI225 18024.2 18043.7 17862.6 0.59% ASX 5338.5 5366.4 5338.5 0.39% Most Popular Read Quake day five: Wellington Council CEO says more cordons likely Cooks Global Foods tries to raise $6m for Chinese expansion Editor's Insight: Buffett changes mind on airlines, piles into US shares Xero opening Hawke's Bay office, local MPs sense opportunity Ryman head: Huge gains from revalued property unlikely to be seen again Commented $20b defence plan includes new frigates, cyber protection Brian Tamaki – saint or sinner? EQC defends Christchurch repairs as Labour candidate calls for royal commission Quake day three: Molesworth St building to be demolished; quake upgraded to 7.8 Veritas shareholders vent spleen at Mad Butcher, Nosh performance Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Business Week in Review with Andrew Patterson and Grant Walker Wellington Mayor Justin Lester and CEO Kevin Lavery speak to media about earthquake response Steel & Tube CEO Dave Taylor on his company's problems and prospects Nevil Gibson's weekly travel roundup includes new budget airline and more Israel options NZ Post building declared structurally sound, but not ready to be occupied Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks bounce back as rate fears ease 
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears Tuesday, 13 September 2016, 7:41 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears Sept. 13 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street climbed after comments by US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard bolstered bets the central bank won’t raise interest rates next week. “In today's new normal, the costs to the economy of greater-than-expected strength in demand are likely to be lower than the costs of significant unexpected weakness,” Brainard said in prepared remarks for a speech in Chicago. “This asymmetry in risk management in today's new normal counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation.” The Federal Open Market Committee, of which Brainard is a permanent voting member, begins its next two-day meeting on September 20. Traders reduced their expectations for a September rate hike to 15 percent from 24 percent on Friday and for a December hike to 54.5 percent from 59.2 percent, Reuters reported, citing the CME Group's FedWatch tool. Wall Street breathed a sigh of relief. In 3.08pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied 1.3 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1.6 percent. In 2.53pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced 1.5 percent. Gains in shares of Wal-Mart and those of Procter & Gamble, last up 2.3 percent and 2.2 percent respectively, led the Dow higher. US Treasures briefly rose on Brainard’s comments, then fell, pushing yields on the benchmark 10-year note one basis point higher to 1.68 percent at 1.45pm New York time. “She didn’t change the tone of what she had been saying much, and I think the snap rally was only because the market may have been preparing for a hawkish surprise,” Aaron Kohli at BMO Capital Markets Corp, a fixed-income strategist in New York at BMO, one of the Fed’s 23 primary dealers, told Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the session with a drop of 1 percent from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index declined 1.1 percent, France’s CAC 40 index fell 1.2 percent, while Germany’s DAX index slid 1.3 percent. In the latest round of merger and acquisition activity, Canada’s Potash Corp of Saskatchewan and Agrium agreed to merge to create the world’s largest crop nutrient company. Following the close of the transaction, expected during mid-2017, Potash Corp shareholders will own about 52 percent of the new company, and Agrium shareholders will own the remainder. Agrium shares traded 2.6 percent lower as of 2.12pm in Toronto, while Potash Corp shares last traded 1 percent weaker as of 2.06pm in Toronto. "This deal has some real antitrust concerns," Seth Bloom, a US Justice Department veteran who is now at Bloom Strategic Consulting, told Reuters. (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Geographical Indications Bill Passes: Wine Industry Welcomes New Legislation “Our ‘Geographical Indications’ - the names and places where our wines come from - are at the very heart of the New Zealand wine story and this new law provides an additional level of protection for them.” More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Good news for wine and spirit industries NZ First - Geographical Indicators Bill Patronises Maori Spirits NZ - Spirits NZ Welcomes Passage of Geographic Indicators Bill The Price Of Cheese: Appeal Court Turns Down Fonterra Bid To Keep Inferior Terms Fonterra Cooperative Group has lost its bid to overturn a High Court ruling against inferior terms offered to the suppliers of the failed New Zealand Dairies Ltd business in South Canterbury. More>> ALSO: NZ Court of Appeal - Judgment: Fonterra v McIntyre and Williamson Investment: 'Nil-All Draw' In NZX Vs Ralec Verdict Neither Ralec nor NZX will get a payout from their seven-year High Court dispute, with Justice Robert Dobson ruling that both sides' claims were valid but neither could demonstrate a financial impact if things had been different.More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Former NZX boss Weldon 'Bullied' Clear vendor, judge rules NZ High Court - High Court decision - NZX Ltd v Ralec Commodities Pty Ltd Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Sentence sends message to keep housing market honest 11:37 PM | Serious Fraud Office MTF lifts full-year sales, underlying profit falls 11:21 PM | BusinessDesk MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Auckland Airport 11:15 PM | BusinessDesk Ports of Auckland does deal with KiwiRail 11:14 PM | BusinessDesk NZ dollar dips below 70 US cents, as market adjusts to Trump 11:13 PM | BusinessDesk Tenon shareholders approve sale of US business 11:03 PM | BusinessDesk Four Square Raglan to the rescue with much needed water 5:18 PM | Foodstuffs Limited More   RSS Kaikoura earthquake - Expert reaction 8 5:11 PM | Science Media Centre Earthquake and tsunami, genes, and spin off to science 5:01 PM | Science Media Centre Marsden fund success for Lincoln researcher 2:12 PM | Lincoln University Unitec calls for interest in Borneo jungle experience 2:00 PM | UNITEC Earthquake damaged buildings - Expert Reaction 12:46 PM | Science Media Centre Wool as a `last line of defence’ 12:41 PM | AgResearch Funding enables digestive device progress 10:52 AM | University of Auckland More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Sentence sends message to keep housing market hone... 9:37 PM | admin South Island highways update – 7:00pm Friday 18 No... 9:29 PM | admin Kaikoura Emergency Access Road remains closed 9:23 PM | admin MTF lifts full-year sales, underlying profit falls 9:21 PM | admin MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Auckland Airp... 9:15 PM | admin Ports of Auckland does deal with KiwiRail 9:14 PM | admin NZ dollar dips below 70 US cents, as market adjust... 9:13 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears 7:41 September 13, 2016ArticleComments Off on While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears Article – BusinessDesk Sept. 13 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street climbed after comments by US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard bolstered bets the central bank wont raise interest rates next week. While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears Sept. 13 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street climbed after comments by US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard bolstered bets the central bank won’t raise interest rates next week. “In today’s new normal, the costs to the economy of greater-than-expected strength in demand are likely to be lower than the costs of significant unexpected weakness,” Brainard said in prepared remarks for a speech in Chicago. “This asymmetry in risk management in today’s new normal counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation.” The Federal Open Market Committee, of which Brainard is a permanent voting member, begins its next two-day meeting on September 20. Traders reduced their expectations for a September rate hike to 15 percent from 24 percent on Friday and for a December hike to 54.5 percent from 59.2 percent, Reuters reported, citing the CME Group’s FedWatch tool. Wall Street breathed a sigh of relief. In 3.08pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied 1.3 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1.6 percent. In 2.53pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced 1.5 percent. Gains in shares of Wal-Mart and those of Procter & Gamble, last up 2.3 percent and 2.2 percent respectively, led the Dow higher. US Treasures briefly rose on Brainard’s comments, then fell, pushing yields on the benchmark 10-year note one basis point higher to 1.68 percent at 1.45pm New York time. “She didn’t change the tone of what she had been saying much, and I think the snap rally was only because the market may have been preparing for a hawkish surprise,” Aaron Kohli at BMO Capital Markets Corp, a fixed-income strategist in New York at BMO, one of the Fed’s 23 primary dealers, told Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the session with a drop of 1 percent from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index declined 1.1 percent, France’s CAC 40 index fell 1.2 percent, while Germany’s DAX index slid 1.3 percent. In the latest round of merger and acquisition activity, Canada’s Potash Corp of Saskatchewan and Agrium agreed to merge to create the world’s largest crop nutrient company. Following the close of the transaction, expected during mid-2017, Potash Corp shareholders will own about 52 percent of the new company, and Agrium shareholders will own the remainder. Agrium shares traded 2.6 percent lower as of 2.12pm in Toronto, while Potash Corp shares last traded 1 percent weaker as of 2.06pm in Toronto. “This deal has some real antitrust concerns,” Seth Bloom, a US Justice Department veteran who is now at Bloom Strategic Consulting, told Reuters. (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Sentence sends message to keep housing market honest South Island highways update – 7:00pm Friday 18 November Kaikoura Emergency Access Road remains closed MTF lifts full-year sales, underlying profit falls MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Auckland Airport Ports of Auckland does deal with KiwiRail NZ dollar dips below 70 US cents, as market adjusts to Trump Tenon shareholders approve sale of US business Four Square Raglan to the rescue with much needed water Kaibosh evacuated but trucking on Kaikoura earthquake – Expert reaction 8 Once ‘Bad’ Russia is Now ‘Good’ as PM Flip Flops Again Earthquake and tsunami, genes, and spin off to science MPI boosts surveillance around Kaikoura coast Kiwis rally in support of Vodafone boost Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
null

Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Skin Lighteners Market in APAC to Grow at 10% CAGR with Increasing Demand for Anti-Aging Products: Technavio 12.09.2016 | 20:43 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Skin Lighteners Market in APAC to Grow at 10% CAGR with Increasing Demand for Anti-Aging Products: Technavio The skin lighteners market in APACis expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 10% during the forecast period, according to Technavio's latest report. In this report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the skin lightenersmarket in APAC for 2016-2020. Based on product type, the market is classified into two segments: face care and body care. In 2015, the face care segment dominated the market with over 70% of the overall market share. According to Brijesh Kumar Choubey, a lead analyst at Technavio for research on cosmeticsandtoiletry, "Vendors are also increasing their online presence by launching various campaigns. They also hire celebrity brand ambassadors to endorse their products. Such initiatives have increased the popularity and ownership of their brands among the consumers. Social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube are also becoming powerful advertising avenues The key leading countries in the skin lighteners market in APAC are as follows: Japan China India Demand for anti-aging products driving market growth in Japan Japan is one of the fastest growing markets for skin lightening products driven by the demand for anti-aging products. Japan accounted for almost 30% of the beauty and personal care productsof the APAC market. The US is the second largest exporter of cosmetics to Japan followed by France. Individuals who are 30 years and above are being targeted by skincare product manufacturers through products like Wrinkle Smoother 35+ from Garnier. Japanese women over the age of 30 are expected to account for more the half of the beauty and personal care sector consumers in the country. It is also observed that Japanese women spend more on skincare products as compared to other women around the world. Japanese consumers are very specific about the quality and safety of the products they purchase. Under skincare products, skin lightening, anti-aging, and moisturizing were the major segments in the country. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=52630 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Skincare products have experienced the fastest growth rate in China "Compared to other product segments, the sales of skincare products have experienced the fastest growth rate in recent years in China. Domestic products are more price competitive than imported products. Creams and lotions had the largest sales volume followed by face wash and body wash in 2015," says Brijesh. Products such as whitening creams, moisturizers, and sun blocks are popular among male consumers in China. In addition, the increase in awareness of skin lightening products along with the rise in affluence has added to the growth of the market in the country. Affluent customers are ready to spend more on premium skin lightening products as these products are perceived to give better results. There are more than 3,000 cosmetic enterprises registered in China, with over 25,000 brands. Of all these brands, over 550 come from foreign countries such as France, the US, South Korea, and Japan. International players have been successful in increasing brand awareness among Chinese consumers, more so as Chinese consumers value international brands more. India: shift from functional products to more advanced and specialized cosmetic products In India, the premium global brands are increasing sales, as consumers are moving from functional products to more advanced and specialized cosmetic products. India is one of the growing consumer markets in the world, moving from unorganized informal market to organized retail. The demand for imported cosmetics product in India is driven by the emergence of a young urban population with increasing disposable income, along with a rise in the number of working women, and changing lifestyle-oriented and luxury products. Many international players like Revlon, Avon, Burberry,Calvin Klein, Cartier, Christian Dior, Estée Lauder, Elizabeth Arden, Lancôme, Chambor, Coty,L'Oréal, and Oriflame are marking their presence in the market. With an increase in the number of international brands entering India, the competition has increased for popular domestic brands like Lakmé The top vendors in the skin lighteners market in APAC highlighted in the report are: Beiersdorf Estée Lauder L'Oréal P&G Shiseido Unilever Browse Related Reports: Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market 2016-2020 Global Skin Care Products Market 2016-2020 Global Night Skin Care Products Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160912005370/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Corporate Trends Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt Company Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Corporate TrendsDeals You are here: ET Home›News›Company›Corporate Trends 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,891-240.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Sensex ends 77 points lower; Nifty50 hits 6-month low to end at 8,074 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Reliance Jio vs Bharti Airtel: Corporate duels in the 21st century By Malini Goyal, ET Bureau | Updated: Sep 12, 2016, 10.27 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Sunil Bharti Mittal | Reliance Jio | Jio | HUL | corporate | Bharti Airtel | 4G network Corporate history is littered with marquee rivalries. Boeing vs Airbus. HUL vs P&G. Nike vs Adidas. Ford vs GM. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve HUL x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Bharti Airtel x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Great rivalries make great stories. But for multiple reasons, corporate duels no longer feel the same in the digital-led 21st century. Corporate rivalries make battles interesting. There is one playing out in the telecom sector right now. Bharti Airtel's Sunil Bharti Mittal is readying for a fierce and bruising battle with Mukesh Ambani who has just rolled out Reliance Jio 4G network. In the works since 2010, Ambani has already ploughed in $16 billion - supposedly the biggest greenfield project in India - to get started. This is the second time the two telecom czars are dueling. The first battle was fought in early 2000s. Mittal is now pacing up to match Ambani's offensive. He will be investing over $9 billion in the next three years to beef up Airtel's network. Rivalries make things difficult. But they also help in multiple ways. For one, they help in rallying the troops. A great rivalry can charge up the team, bringing lot of energy, emotions and passion in a dull, brutal mercenary game of bottomlines and toplines. Good rivals can bring out the best in you. Novak Djokovic recently admitted that while it was tough to be playing in an era dominated by tennis stars Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, But also, he admitted said, it were these great rivalries that played a big part in shaping his successful tennis career. Airtel's Mittal too admitted to The Financial Times in a recent interview "If Reliance was not there on the horizon the pace of our rollout would have been slower." Competition is a byword in the corporate world. Everybody deals with them. But some rivalries are special. They are not just rivalries. They are made of bigger stuff. They go far beyond. Part of the folklore where they are lived, ritualised and instilled as part of the corporate DNA - inside and outside the corporate office. If you have worked with Pepsi or Coca-Cola, you would know. Consuming the rival's product is a strict no-no. Doing it in public is a professional hara-kiri. Once upon a time, Korean giants LG and Samsung had that very special place for each other. The unwritten rule then was that no Samsung employees can use LG product and vice versa. The story goes that when Samsung hired Pradeep Tognatta in early 2000s, Tognatta invited Korean Samsung executives home for dinner. The Koreans found LG ACs installed at Tognatta's home. Soon, Samsung honchos got Samsung ACs delivered to his place to replace the LG ACs. Corporate history is littered with marquee rivalries. Boeing vs Airbus. HUL vs P&G. Nike vs Adidas. Ford vs GM. But there are many reasons why corporate duels in the 21st century does not feel the same any more. Old ones like Coca-Cola and Pepsi are losing their fizz. And you don't see many new iconic ones make headlines. For a variety of reasons, the world of marquee duels is changing. Here are a few ways in which corporate duels are getting a new makeover in the digital era. Competition from the garage: In the digital world, growing up on heavy doses of innovation and lot lesser cash, companies like Google know that it's the guy somewhere in the garage who will give them competition. This has happened in sector after sector. Whoever thought Walmart will face heat from Amazon. Or a young Silicon Valley company like Tesla could give American and German car makers such a tough competition. Shorter business cycles: Volatility in the corporate has risen sharply. Think of Nokia. It first entered the mobile phone business in the 1990s. Within a decade it had become the most popular handset brand in the world. And over the next decade it lost its grip so much that it was sold to Microsoft recently. For Nokia all it took all of two decades to start afresh, rise to the top and then touch the bottom. With such volatile fortunes, MNCs do not have the luxury, resources and time to build iconic rivalries. It's a fluid corporate world: Google is a search company. But it considers Amazon as its biggest rival. For companies in the digital era, boundaries around products and services are very fuzzy and their business can often be amoeba-like growing in multiple and unpredictable directions. For a great corporate duel, existence of a sharply defined rival is critical. And that seems to be often missing in the digital era. Era of frenemies: The corporate world is increasingly lot more complex. It is very global. Dominance in one market may not easily extend to new market. Cab hailing app Uber may be a leader in the US but in China it was humbled by DiDi. Also technology is making the playing field lot more complex forcing erstwhile rivals to at times collaborate. Think of the e-reader market where Apple iPad and Amazon Kindle compete aggressively. Amazon took the bold step of making Kindle Reader available on Apple products like the iPAd and iPhone enabling its consumers to read e-books on Apple devices. In the deep-pocketed automobile world, Toyota is now partnering with luxury car maker BMW to develop a rear-wheel-drive sports car family. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai Win 10gm gold coin every Sunday! Royal Brand How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump meets Indian partners, hails PM Modi's work Rs 2000 notes offered for Rs 1.5L on eBay Notes swap limited to Rs 2,000 from tomorrow From Around the Web More from The Economic Times The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana 24/7 Wall St. This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com 8 Beautiful Virginia Waterfalls to Visit This Season Visit Virginia Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health Gold ETFs see first inflow in 3.5 years NFL-National Football League roundup Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico Flynn's reputation: astute intelligence pro, straight talker READ MORE ON » Sunil Bharti Mittal | Reliance Jio | Jio | HUL | corporate | Bharti Airtel | 4G network Follow this section for latest news on Corporate Trends EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Demonetisation: Now, get Rs 2,000 cash from petrol pumps Demonetisation: Govt mulls limits on cash withdrawals, transactions for both individuals, companies Rs 60,000 is the new Rs 1 lakh in Uttar Pradesh real estate market Beware! Bank account misuse for black money can invite prosecution View: India's new strike against black money backfires More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.

null
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Hair Shampoo Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Hair Shampoo Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 12, 2016 ) Hair shampoos include those that are developed to address particular hair issues like split ends, dry hair, and frizzy hair. The need for healthy, lustrous, and well-groomed hair influences the purchasing decision of most consumers. In 2014, Herbal Essence launched its Herbal Essences Naked Volume Collection, which consists of shampoo, conditioner, dry shampoo, leave-in conditioner, and hairspray. Such innovative product offerings in this sphere will fuel the growth of the market in the coming years. Publisher's analysts forecast the global hair shampoo market to grow at a CAGR of 1.87% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-hair-shampoo-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hair shampoo market for 2016-2020. For calculating the market size, the report considers revenue generated through the retail sales of hair shampoo. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Hair Shampoo Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Henkel -Kao -L'Oréal -P&G -Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332847/sample Other prominent vendors -Avon -Cadiveu Professional USA -Chatters Canada -Combe -Conair -Estée Lauder -Godrej Consumer Products -Johnson & Johnson -Revlon -Shiseido -Toni & Guy -World Hair Cosmetics (Asia) Market driver -Rising frequency of shampoo use -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Availability of counterfeit products -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Vendors' tie-ups with salons -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332847/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Market pares some losses Capital Market |  Sep 12, 2016 10:12 AM IST Key benchmark indices pared some losses in morning trade. At 10:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 396.06 points or 1.38% at 28,401.19. The Nifty 50 index was down 126.75 points or 1.43% at 8,739.95. Sentiment was weak due to negative global cues. The Sensex fell 545.94 points, or 1.90% at the day's low of 28,251.31 at the onset of trading session, its lowest level since 30 August 2016. The index fell 316.14 points, or 1.10% at the day's high of 28,481.11 in morning trade. The Nifty fell 167.30 points, or 1.89% at the day's low of 8,699.40 at the onset of trading session, its lowest level since 30 August 2016. The index fell 119.75 points, or 1.35% at the day's high of 8,746.95 in morning trade. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than three losers against every gainer on BSE. 1,588 shares fell and 458 shares rose. A total of 86 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 1.75%. The decline in this index was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 1.37%. The decline in this index was lower than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. In overseas stock markets, Asian markets edged lower as investors were spooked by rising bond yields and talk the Federal Reserve might be serious about lifting US interest rates as early as next week. US stocks tumbled on Friday, 9 September 2016, as investor nervousness increased following a nuclear test by North Korea and Federal Reserve officials' comments lifted rate hike bets. North Korea conducted its fifth and biggest nuclear test on Friday, 9 September 2016, and said it had mastered the ability to mount a warhead on a ballistic missile, drawing condemnation from the United States as well as China, North Korea's main ally. Further pressure on the US equity market came after Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the US central bank faced increasing risks if it waited too much longer to raise interest rates. FMCG shares edged lower. Jyothy Laboratories (down 2.75%), Marico (down 2.22%), Dabur India (down 1.97%), Tata Global Beverages (down 1.97%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.72%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 1.7%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 1.56%), Hindustan Unilever (down 1.47%), Britannia Industries (down 1.17%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.96%), Nestle India (down 0.92%) and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.41%), edged lower. IT shares were mixed. MphasiS (down 1.18%), Oracle Financial Services Software (down 0.91%), MindTree (down 0.73%), Persistent Systems (down 0.47%) and TCS (down 0.19%), edged lower. HCL Technologies (up 0.03%), Hexaware Technologies (up 0.05%), Wipro (up 0.37%), Tech Mahindra (up 1.16%) and Infosys (up 1.17%), edged higher. Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL) fell 6.88% after consolidated net profit fell 30% to Rs 40.89 crore on 2.7% decline in total income to Rs 265.21 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced on Saturday, 10 September 2016. HDIL said that it follows project completion method and accordingly results on quarter to quarter basis may not be comparable. Jaypee Infratech fell 5.78% after the company posted net loss of Rs 35.67 crore in Q1 June 2016 compared with net profit of Rs 20.86 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income jumped 113.64% to Rs 1099.33 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced on Saturday, 10 September 2016. India's stock market remains closed tomorrow, 13 September 2016, on account of Bakri Id. Powered by Capital Market - Live News Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs Balkrishna Industries fixes record date for 2nd interim dividend Ramco Systems incorporates subsidiary - Ramco Systems (Shanghai) IDFC Bank allots equity shares Board of TTI Enterprise approves consolidation of shares TTI Enterprise fixes record date for consolidation of shares [ more ] Top Stories Banks to serve only their respective customers tomorrow; elderly exempted Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Jayalalithaa recovered from her ailment, says Apollo Hospitals chairman ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready [ more ] Markets Cash crunch chokes off India palm oil imports MCX to levy concentration margin from December Gold quotes at huge discount, price hits 4-month low Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower [ more ] Companies Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal Bajaj commences production of 400-cc bike from Chakan plant Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index [ more ] Opinion Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate [ more ] Latest News There aren't too many takers yet, but young students prefer to pay via the wallet: Tea-stall owner From Delhi to the world The man who bore the brunt of tipplers Humans of demonetisation Co-op banks approach RBI as PSBs limit cash flow to them [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THdFa2 Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Skip to main content Login Register Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Roads starting to get icy over the hill in the Duluth area Northland storm-related closings for Friday, Nov. 18 Lost hunter found in St. Louis County Wicked, wintry conditions on tap for today in the Northland Bygones for Nov. 18 More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines I Lake It angles for lake lovers Frozen-food giant Bellisio Foods, founded in Duluth, bought for $1 billion National Bank of Commerce to buy stake in Republic Bank New wood-pellet plant in Arkansas eyed by officials in northern Minnesota Permit approved for Minnesota Power transmission line More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines College men's hockey preview: Minnesota Duluth at Nebraska-Omaha Bulldog Hockey Blog: Iafallo has plenty of people to thank for six-game point streak Scoreboard Local names & news Wolves top 76ers More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines Sam Cook column: From the Netherlands and the Ukraine, with love 'THE GINGERBREAD MAN': Duluth man talks the craft before Gingerbread City event Tips to help children process the election THINGS TO DO THIS WEEK INDIEWATCH: A Disney-ed look at 'An Animated Life' More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Happy Golden Anniversary! Jolene Jewel Durfee Penelope Hazel-Marie Leone Owen Jeffrey Kirchner 100 CANDLES More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines MARJORIE KATHLEEN (HOFFMAN) PALMER MARIAN E. PLEWACKI DOLORES M. BOLDT FLO MATTSON WALTER EGELAND More Topics memorials opinion Headlines Reader's View: Take time Sunday to learn about the sun Local View: The real ‘welfare kings’ are the 1 percenters Other View: How Trump, Congress can replace Obamacare Other View: Due process on trial in Castile case Reader's view: Stay vigilant for Trump’s destructive policies More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines Nice Bucks for 2016 Red Lake winter walleye regulations set MN DNR Weekly Report for Nov. 14, 2016 Ask a Conservation Officer: Hours limits on ATV use applies in deer season ANATOMY OF A BOW HUNT: Three-year pursuit was worth the wait More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines Horoscopes for Nov. 18 Horoscopes for Nov. 17 Horoscopes for Nov. 16 Horoscopes for Nov. 15 Horoscopes for Nov. 14 More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Tweet Northland storm-related closings for Friday, Nov. 18 Personal finance: Once considered safe, ‘smart’ funds may be dumb investment By Gail MarksJarvis, Chicago Tribune on Sep 11, 2016 at 10:00 p.m. Who could resist investments that are “smart”? They certainly sound better than “dumb investments” or “idiotic funds.” And who wouldn’t want to cut “volatility” in their investments? In other words, who wouldn’t want protection from a stock market crash such as those in 2000 and 2008, which turned 401(k)s into 201(k)s as stocks plunged more than 50 percent. Fund company professionals who create mutual funds and exchange traded funds (ETFs) realized after those horrible crashes traumatized people that if a fund could promise to take some of the pain of volatility away, their companies would have a hot investment product. And indeed they do. Since 2008, investment companies have been churning out different forms of funds known as “smart beta,” and there’s now more than $500 billion in them. They are known as low- or minimum-volatility funds, designed to hold stocks that are less likely to crash as severely than the stock market as a whole. The concept sells. Investors are drawn to them at a time when CD and bond interest rates are minuscule, and memories of those stock market crashes still keep people awake at night. Instead of fast-growing stocks such as Amazon or Tesla, the low-volatility funds tend to pick blue chip companies, known for their stable profits and performance — companies such as AT&T and Johnson & Johnson. The idea is that in a recession, consumers might not shop for a new tech gadget, but they will still buy toothpaste, diapers and laundry detergent. The trouble is that whenever any investment becomes ultra popular — even a stable company — it ultimately will become risky if people like it too much. And that was a common warning from investing pros who spoke last week at the annual Morningstar ETF Conference in Chicago. Repeatedly, analysts mentioned that the dividend-paying stocks that make up low-volatility funds have been attracting so much money from risk-averse people lately that demand has pushed the stock prices way up. And when stocks or funds get too pricey, they can fall and fall hard. That realization has made some investors leery of the popular sectors that are favorites in low-volatility funds: utilities, real estate investment trusts (REITs) and consumer staples such as Procter & Gamble. But so far, the uptrend remains. During the first seven months of this year, one of the most popular low-volatility funds — the iShares Edge MSCI Minimum Volatility USA (USMV) fund — delivered a 13.26 percent gain. That’s huge compared with less than 8 percent in a Standard & Poor’s 500 index fund. Instead of being lulled by the gain, however, Morningstar analyst Ben Johnson has warned that an examination of data back to 1994 shows that when the MSCI USA Minimum Volatility Index has been pricey, there have been declines. And he noted that at the end of July, the index was the priciest since its launch in June 2008. Analysts also point out that the low volatility approach could be vulnerable if the Federal Reserve starts raising interest rates this month or in December. If interest rates start climbing, people who bought utilities and REITs for dividend income while interest rates were remarkably low will see safer alternatives for their money. They may sell utilities and REITs, as they have in the past when interest rates headed up, and put money into bonds and CDs instead. If the utilities, REITs and other dividend-payers in low-volatility funds are heavily sold, the low-volatility fund values also will decline. Because low-volatility funds are relatively new, they have not been tested during a period of rising interest rates — the type of period that may be coming in the months ahead. So people could become unnerved if they bought low-volatility funds thinking the funds would always be a defense against stock market losses. Like every type of investment, low-volatility stocks ride cycles and will go up and down. But most investors don’t give funds a chance when they act differently than assumed. Jason Hsu, chairman of Rayliant Global Advisors, told a Morningstar audience that humans have a lousy track record with funds: “They add onto what they’ve heard others say made great money.” Then, the cycle turns and “they sell and cause themselves great harm.” Gail MarksJarvis is a personal finance columnist for the Chicago Tribune and author of “Saving for Retirement Without Living Like a Pauper or Winning the Lottery.” Readers may send her email at gmarks jarvis@tribune.com. Explore related topics:Businessmoney Advertisement Latest Roads starting to get icy over the hill in the Duluth area16 min ago Northland storm-related closings for Friday, Nov. 1851 min ago Lost hunter found in St. Louis County1 hour ago Wicked, wintry conditions on tap for today in the Northland2 hours ago Sam Cook column: From the Netherlands and the Ukraine, with love5 hours ago 'THE GINGERBREAD MAN': Duluth man talks the craft before Gingerbread City event5 hours ago Tips to help children process the election5 hours ago THINGS TO DO THIS WEEK5 hours ago more 〉 Top Ads OAK LAKE CAMPGROUND & RV SALES. 855-256-9683 www.oaklakerv.com We clean, repair and rebuild all chimneys and fireplaces. Certified and insured. 218-348-6256 www.justchimneys.net * Merry Christmas * We started H.O.P., Helping Other People. We are giving two $50 gift certificates to Best Buy, Shopko or T.J. Maxx every week GERMAN SHEPHERDS, AKC Ch. bloodlines. Guaranteed. Larry Jerome 715-537-5413 www.jerland.com Poodles, Min. AKC Gorgeous Blacks, males and females, $900. (320) 282-0442 SEASONED OAK FIREWOOD $200. Full loggers cord, 1½ cord min., split, & del. 218-729-5627 l THE PAINT SHOP l Painting and Carpentry - Quality affordable work Fred: 525-7912 l 340-1886 TERRY'S LAKESIDE PAINTING Senior Citizen Discounts Free Estimates • 218-590-6878 ALL IN ONE TREE SERVICE Trimming, or full tree removal. Unbeatable rates. 218-590-9640 View all top ads » Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Buy Newspaper Prints Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Weather Traffic Politics Opinion Business Business Innovation Police & Fire MGM Springfield Casinos Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Auto Racing Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook Patriots on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive Food on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest MassLive on YouTube Back to Main Menu Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters comments Democrat Denise Andrews drops out of race in 2nd Franklin House District Andrews & Whipps Lee Democrat Denise Andrews (left) has dropped out of the 2nd Franklin District race, leaving incumbent Republican Susannah Whipps-Lee (right) on the Nov. 8 ballot. (File photos) Print Email Mary Serreze | Special to The Republican By Mary Serreze | Special to The Republican masslive.com Follow on Twitter on September 11, 2016 at 2:57 PM, updated September 11, 2016 at 8:14 PM comments This story has been updated with a statement from Rep. Susannah Whipps Lee. ORANGE — Denise Andrews, an Orange native and Democrat in the North Quabbin region, announced Sunday she is dropping out of the race for state representative in the 2nd Franklin District. "I have made a very difficult decision to withdraw from this race and to accept a recently offered opportunity in the private sector; I believe this decision is best for my family and me," Andrews said in a statement. Andrews did not return a call Sunday afternoon seeking comment. Andrews' withdrawal leaves Republican incumbent Susannah Whipps Lee running uncontested. It would have been Andrew's third showdown with Lee, and her fourth campaign for statewide office. Andrews held the seat for four years after handily winning the 2010 election in a three-way contest that did not include Lee. In 2012, Andrews defeated Lee by fewer than 200 votes. During the 2012 election season, The Republican reported that Andrews went to Athol police saying an anonymous source had told her Lee had bought cocaine. The accusation proved to be unfounded. Lee, who runs a family-owned manufacturing business in Athol, was outraged, and called Andrew's actions "scurrilous." In 2014, Lee trounced Andrews with nearly 55 percent of the vote. The district comprises 12 towns: Athol, Belchertown precinct A, Erving, Gill, New Salem, Orange, Petersham, Phillipston, Royalston, Templeton, Warwick, and Wendell. A 2012 redistricting removed Greenfield, a Democratic stronghold, and added half of Belchertown. Andrews opened her campaign headquarters in Orange in late July, where she told The Republican she no longer works for the Swiss pharmaceutical company Novartis, a job she took after the 2010 election. Instead, she said, she is running Legacy Unlimited, her consulting firm that offers corporate diversity training. She had formerly been a 25-year manager with Proctor and Gamble. Andrews on Sunday thanked her supporters and said she will "continue to work toward advancing a progressive, inclusive, and effective democracy through helping to elect leaders and advance projects and policies that improve our government to better serve all of our citizens." Lee owns Whipps, Inc., a metal firm in Athol that designs and manufactures water control gates for public and private civil engineering projects. She issued a statement Sunday afternoon. "Running for office and deciding what is best for you and your family are very personal decisions," said Lee. "I wish Denise the best of luck with her new job opportunity. My campaign for re-election is going to continue as planned, we will be working just as hard and taking no vote for granted from now through Election Day." Active Discussions Most Read Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Press Pass Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Latest News Dow 18,872 -31.33 -0.17% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.28 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -4.78 -0.22% 11:40 A.M. ET Sanofi to stop producing bladder-cancer drug BCG 11:36 A.M. ET Equity ETFs saw nearly $22 billion in inflows this week 11:30 A.M. ET Scientists set the controls for a second Earth in another solar system 11:30 A.M. ET Bundesbank chief: Need 'extra care' for easy money 11:24 A.M. ET Updated Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year above 2.3% 11:10 A.M. ET FanDuel, DraftKings announce merger plans 11:08 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 11:07 A.M. ET Updated How the dollar rally could threaten corporate earnings 11:05 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 11:04 A.M. ET Updated 4 reasons why a strong dollar may sink the stock-market rally in 2017 11:02 A.M. ET Updated Stock market’s ‘Trump rally’ is mostly a bank rally 11:01 A.M. ET Updated Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 11:00 A.M. ET Updated Dollar extends climb to 10th session as Yellen refuels the bulls 10:59 A.M. ET Kanye says he would have voted for Trump, if he had bothered to go to the polls 10:47 A.M. ET Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 10:46 A.M. ET How to be smarter than the gadgets in your home this holiday season​ 10:43 A.M. ET U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% 10:42 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 10:42 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 10:40 A.M. ET This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Feline-Inspired Fashion Show Dispels Dated "Cat Lady" Stigma And Showcases That Adopting A Cat Is Always On Trend By Published: Sept 10, 2016 9:08 p.m. ET Share Katie Cassidy and Fresh Step® Litter Show It's Hot to Adopt™ at Fashion Week NEW YORK, Sept. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Fresh Step Litter debuted its Hot to Adopt™ campaign during Fashion Week in New York, which is aimed at eliminating barriers to cat adoption, celebrating our love of cats, and ultimately helping every shelter cat find a forever home. Fashion icon, actress and cat lover, Katie Cassidy, partnered with Fresh Step to bring felines and fashion together on the catwalk to turn the cat lady stigma upside down at the Fresh Step Feline Fashion Lounge and Adoption Event. The runway show held Saturday, Sept. 10 featured the latest feline-inspired fashion and the trend that never goes out of style – adoptable cats! In addition, a limited edition #hot2adopt T-shirt was unveiled at the fashion show, with proceeds benefiting partner shelters and rescues across the country. "From cat eye glasses and leopard prints to kitten heels and cat-faced flats, feline-inspired fashions have infiltrated runways for many years," said Cassidy. "Typically, cat owners aren't described by their style, but that's about to change with the launch of the Hot to Adopt campaign where felines and fashion are coming together to support cat adoption." While cats have always been highly regarded in the fashion world, their owners don't always get the same respect. According to a recent survey* asking people to describe cat owners, nearly half (43 percent) replied "weird or quirky". The study also confirmed the most common phrase associated with "cat lady" is "crazy." More than a third of respondents say that litter box odor (39 percent) is the worst thing about owning a cat. Whether it's the unfair bias toward cat owners and the cat lady stigma or fear of a stinky cat litter box, Fresh Step is committed to eliminating all barriers to cat adoption and celebrating cat ownership. "Cat owners can get a bad rap and are tired of the negative stereotypes like the 'crazy cat lady'," explains Nick Meyer, Director of Marketing, Clorox Pet Products. "Fresh Step is out to change that. Our Hot to Adopt program aims to embrace and celebrate cats and cat people -- loud and proud -- so we can encourage more adoptions." "Cat bias is a real issue. Sadly, three out of four shelters pets are cats and they are adopted at lower rates than other companion animals," said Stephanie Mattera, the Spokesperson for the Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals. "That's why Fresh Step's Hot to Adopt campaign is so important! We hope that people will see past the outdated cat lady stigma and open their hearts and homes to cats." Fresh Step wants people to step out and wear their love of cats by celebrating modern cat ladies (and gents), by declaring "Feline Fashion Fridays" through the month of October to showcase unique feline-inspired looks. Cat owners can show their love of cats by posting a picture of themselves with their cat to Fresh Step's Instagram using #freshstepcontest each Friday for a chance to win free Fresh Step litter, a $250 VISA Gift Card and the limited edition #hot2adopt T-shirt. "With millions of cats entering shelters each year and less than half getting adopted, Fresh Step is on a mission to help every shelter cat find a forever home, because we understand how rewarding it is to have cats in our lives," said Meyer. "Fresh Step has a long history of celebrating cat ownership through shelter partnerships, but there is more work to be done in order to break down any barriers to adoption, including cat lady stigmas, and increase adoptions nationwide." Share your love of cats and join Fresh Step's mission to help every shelter cat find a forever home. Make it #hot2adopt by wearing your cat pride. A portion ($7.50) of the purchase price of Fresh Step's specially designed T-shirt will benefit shelter cats across the country. Model your support that it's #hot2adopt. Available for $20.00 at freshstep.com. The Fresh Step Hot to Adopt Feline Fashion Lounge and Adoption Event took place on Saturday, Sept. 10, at the Lori Bookstein Fine Art Gallery on 138 10th Avenue, New York, New York, 10011.  Zani's Furry Friends, Little Shelter Animal Rescue and Adoption Center, and The Humane Society of New York, participating organizations with The Mayor's Alliance of NYC's Cats will be on-site with adoptable cats. To learn more and help make it #hot2adopt, visit freshstep.com. Fresh Step [®] with the Power of Febreze [TM] litter doesn't just mask odors it eliminates them.  Created with cats health and happiness in mind, Fresh Step with the Power of Febreze is the purrfect match for both cats and their owners. Febreze is a trademark of The Proctor & Gamble Company, used under license. * (Google Consumer Survey, 2016) The Clorox Company The Clorox Company CLX, +0.61% is a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products with about 7,700 employees worldwide and fiscal year 2015 sales of $5.7 billion. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and recognized consumer brand names, including its namesake bleach and cleaning products; Liquid Plumr® clog removers; Poett® home care products; Fresh Step® cat litter; Glad® bags, wraps and containers; Kingsford® charcoal; Hidden Valley® dressings and sauces; Brita® water-filtration products; Burt's Bees® natural personal care products; and Renew Life® digestive health products. The company also markets brands for professional services, including Clorox Healthcare® and Clorox Commercial Solutions®. More than 80 percent of the company's sales are generated from brands that hold the No. 1 or No. 2 market share positions in their categories. Clorox is a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact, a community of global leaders committed to sustainability. The company also has been broadly recognized for its corporate responsibility efforts, most notably receiving two Climate Leadership Awards for Excellence in 2015 and a Safer Choice Partner of the Year Award in 2016 from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as well as being named to CR Magazine's 2016 Best Corporate Citizens list and included in the 2016 Newsweek Green Rankings. The Clorox Company and The Clorox Company Foundation contributed approximately $15 million in combined cash grants, product donations, cause marketing and employee volunteerism in the past fiscal year. For more information, visit TheCloroxCompany.com, the CR Matters Blog and follow the company on Twitter at @CloroxCo. NYSE: CLX CLX-B Media Contacts:   Katie Young, PDC PR 401.529.3955 katie@pdcpr.net Anne Marie Ghigo, Clorox 510.271.4710 Anne.Marie.Ghigo@clorox.com   Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160910/406251 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/feline-inspired-fashion-show-dispels-dated-cat-lady-stigma-and-showcases-that-adopting-a-cat-is-always-on-trend-300325901.html SOURCE Fresh Step Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Clorox Co. U.S.: NYSE: CLX $114.21 +0.69 (+0.61%) Volume 414.8K Open $113.70 High $114.87 Low $113.44 P/E Ratio 22.97 Div Yield 2.8 Market Cap 14.6B LatestNews
null
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Albany bars: Liquor giant ripped us off; company denies claims Grab some sun now -- snow in the forecast for Sunday Cop outlines UAlbany bus attack defendants' attack claims Twin sister, 'soulmate' in Albany court for Hawaii death case News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Fraction of addicts receive treatment Easy retirement? Possible only for a privileged few Trump meeting with Japan's prime minister Photos: "Subway Therapy" in NYC Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Carolina holds on this time Sabres continue to struggle offensively Knicks defense fails in defeat Noteworthy: Sports news in briefs Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories GE using augmented reality to talk to machines ESD gains more oversight of SUNY Poly entities GlobalFoundries travels to Oregon to fill Fab 8 jobs Post-election rate hike likely Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories 22 things to do this weekend Picks of the week New on DVD: 'Finding Dory' new on DVD this week Who's coming here soon Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Tanglewood announces 2017 season Today's Birthdays Naughty or Nice Cookie Challenge: It's time to vote Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Our first job: protecting the most vulnerable among us. Albany bars: Liquor giant ripped us off; company denies claims FanKings, DraftDuel? Two DFS outlets to merge Cuomo sends out blast email on intolerance TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Ellis serious about showing he can play Extreme Pine Cone Turkey Contest results Early Look: Maharaja in Colonie Vermont orchestras salute composer Carl Ruggles Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Townhouse in North Greenbush Tobey Maguire shops his three-part project Realtors offer options to ease homebuyer concerns High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Target: Take 30% off toys this Saturday only Target: Top 10 Black Friday bargains for 2016 Amazon: $79 for one-year Prime membership, today only Holiday gift card promos and bonus offers for 2016 MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Stocks-soar-amid-safe-picks-9218298.php Stocks soar amid safe picks Market rallies after Fed says key rates should hold for now Associated Press Published 6:41 pm, Monday, September 12, 2016 Photo: Al Behrman Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - This Aug. 2, 2010, file photo, shows the Procter & Gamble Co. headquarters building in Cincinnati. Procter & Gamble Co. reports quarterly earnings on Thursday, Aug. 1, 2013. (AP Photo/Al Behrman, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ149 less FILE - This Aug. 2, 2010, file photo, shows the Procter & Gamble Co. headquarters building in Cincinnati. Procter & Gamble Co. reports quarterly earnings on Thursday, Aug. 1, 2013. (AP Photo/Al Behrman, File) ... more Photo: Al Behrman Stocks soar amid safe picks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn't raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn't raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of one percent? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Air Hogs Helix Sentinel 720p Video Drone for $128 + free shipping WalmartPosted 22 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW Play-Doh 60th Anniversary Celebration 60-Pack for $15 + pickup... WalmartPosted 1 day 4 hr ago SHOP NOW Panasonic Smart Home Monitoring System for $65 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 16 hr ago SHOP NOW Cold Weather Apparel at NFL Shop: Up to 50% off + free... NFL ShopPosted 1 day 20 hr ago Most Popular 1 Restaurant chains that didn't work out for the Albany area 2 Colonie man fires, hides shotgun in yard on Election Day 3 Four men charged with sex-related felonies in Colonie 4 Twin sister, 'soulmate' in Albany court for Hawaii death case 5 Man breaks Stewart's window after being asked to leave 6 Courtroom packed as UAlbany bus attack defendants return 7 Inside the Washington D.C. home the Obamas will live in after... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The 20 Most Valuable Companies In America By Douglas A. McIntyre September 11, 2016 9:00 am EST Print Email Tweet Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) have jockeyed for the lead as America’s most valuable company, each with a market cap of about $550 billion. One tech giant vs. another. A look at the top 20 American public corporations reveals several other close comparisons One note is that the top five positions on the market cap table are tech companies, and have left large energy companies behind. After Apple and Alphabet are Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) at $435 billion, Facebook (NASDAQ: FB) at $364 billion, and Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) at $360 billion. All five companies are trying to play in at least one of the others’ backyards. Microsoft, Amazon, and Google are among the cloud computing leaders. Amazon and Apple continue to fight each other for dominance in the streaming media market. Microsoft, Apple, and Alphabet are all in the mobile OS market. The only company on the list without a significant challenger is Facebook, one of the reasons its market cap is so high. Exxon Mobile (NYSE: XOM) is tied with Amazon in market cap, at $360 billion. Chevron (NYSE: CVX) is also on the list at $191 billion. Big oil has not been entirely kicked off the list Walmart (NYSE: WMT) is on the list at $217 billion. Investors in rival Amazon and Walmart cannot help noting how far bricks and mortars have fallen behind e-commerce. Walmart is trying to catch up, piecemeal, most recently with its $3 billion buyout of Jet.com. Two major banks are on the list, with market caps fairly close to one another. JPMorgan (NYSE: JPM) at $240 billion and Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) at $245 billion. And, finally the two largest phone companies and wireless providers in the U.S. AT&T (NYSE: T) at $244 billion, and Verizon (NYSE: VZ) at $211 billion (Notably, no car companies are on the list, a departure from decades ago Top 20 market cap companies, courtesy of The Online Investor Large Cap Company                       Ticker    Market Cap ($in billions) Apple Inc                                          AAPL      555.71 Alphabet Inc                                    GOOGL     541.90 Alphabet Inc                                    GOOG      522.09 Microsoft Corporation                   MSFT      438.02 Facebook Inc                                   FB        364.99 Amazon.com Inc.                          AMZN      360.36 Exxon Mobil Corp.                       XOM       360.10 Johnson & Johnson                     JNJ       323.46 General Electric Co                      GE        269.82 Wells Fargo & Co.                        WFC       245.82 AT&T Inc                                       T         244.30 JPMorgan Chase & Co                  JPM       240.74 Procter & Gamble Co.                   PG        230.21 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.                   WMT       217.46 Verizon Communications Inc             VZ        211.23 Pfizer Inc                                         PFE       206.84 Visa Inc                                            V         191.94 Chevron Corporation                     CVX       191.05 Berkshire Hathaway Inc                 BRK.B     188.03 Coca-Cola Co (The)                        KO        182.44 By Douglas A. McIntyre « Palm Beach House on the Market for $28.5 Million Apple iPhone 7 To Benefit From Samsung Galaxy Note7 Disaster » Read more: Investing, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Google (NASDAQ:GOOG), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In Powerball Lottery Has Now Hit $320 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Safest States in America Recent A Single Quake Could Shake Both Ends of California Texas Jobs Market May Be Signaling Decent News for the Oil Patch Impinj Gears Up for Secondary Offering Citigroup, Apple No Longer ‘Forever’ Holdings of Saudi Prince Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Embarrassingly Cheap Dividend Stocks Johnson & Johnson Takes Aim at AbbVie 3 Top Stocks You Can Buy and Hold for the Next Decade U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October Surging Earnings Estimates Signal Good News for NVIDIA (NVDA) Surging Earnings Estimates Signal Good News for Ocwen Financial (OCN) Increased Earnings Estimates Seen for Melco Crown (MPEL): Can It Move Higher? A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Stocks Flat as Dollar Continues Rise; Nasdaq Hits Intraday Record Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power Are Under Armour's Expensive Sponsorships Worth the Cost? Amazon Tackles Islamophobia In Heartwarming Christmas Ad Dollar Charges To 14-Year High, Bond Tantrum In Full Swing How To Know When To Dial Your Confidence Up—Or Down Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Soap of the Week Results (August 29-September 2, 2016): 'General Hospital' Tops Poll For Fourth Week in a Row Posted by Roger Newcomb General Hospital was voted soap opera of the week. The results are in from the We Love Soaps "Soap of the Week" poll for August 29-September 2, 2016. ABC's General Hospital was voted favorite soap opera by our readers for the fourth week in a row. NBC's Days of our Lives returned in second place, followed by CBS' The Bold and the Beautiful. The Favorite Couple this week was Days of our Lives' John & Marlena. Days' Drake Hogestyn (John) and Deidre Hall (Marlena) were voted Favorite Actor and Favorite Actress. Check out the complete show ranking below as well as the favorite couples, actors and actresses. RANK SHOW LAST WEEK TOP 3 1 General Hospital (ABC) 1 251 2 Days of our Lives (NBC) 2 349 3 The Bold and the Beautiful (CBS) 3 123 4 The Young and the Restless (CBS) 4 152 Days of our Lives' Drake Hogestyn (John Black) was voted Favorite Actor for the sixth consecutive week. RANK ACTOR LAST WEEK TOP 3 1 Drake Hogestyn (John), Days 1 187 2 Michael Easton (Finn), GH 2 56 3 Thorsten Kaye (Ridge), B&B 3 79 4 Billy Miller (Jason), GH - 5 5 Roger Howarth (Franco), GH 4 47 6 Donnell Turner (Curtis), GH 8 0 7 Freddie Smith (Sonny), Days 6 57 8 Ryan Paevey (Nathan), GH 5 0 9 Maurice Benard (Sonny), GH 7 0 10 Billy Flynn (Chad), Days - 17 Days of our Lives' Deidre Hall (Dr. Marlena Evans) was voted Favorite Actress for the third week in a row. RANK ACTRESS LAST WEEK TOP 3 1 Deidre Hall (Marlena), Days 1 197 2 Linsey Godfrey (Caroline), B&B 2 49 3 Rebecca Budig (Hayden), GH 3 7 4 Kelly Monaco (Sam), GH - 21 5 Brytni Sarpy (Valerie), GH 7 0 6 Rebecca Herbst (Elizabeth), GH 4 27 7 Kirsten Storms (Maxie), GH 5 9 8 Nancy Lee Grahn (Alexis), GH 10 0 9 Arianne Zucker (Nicole), Days 8 9 10 Melissa Claire Egan (Chelsea), Y&R - 0 The Favorite Couple for the 30th week in a row was John & Marlena ("Jarlena") from Days of our Lives. RANK COUPLE LAST WEEK TOP 3 1 John & Marlena, Days 1 200 2 Finn & Hayden, GH 2 9 3 Ridge & Caroline, B&B 3 50 4 Jason & Sam, GH 8 1 5 Franco & Elizabeth, GH 4 4 6 Valerie & Curtis, GH 9 0 7 Nathan & Maxie, GH 5 4 8 Paul & Sonny, Days 7 0 9 Laura & Kevin, GH 6 0 10 Rafe & Hope, Days 10 0 RELATED: - James Read Returns to 'Days of our Lives' as Clyde in September - 'The Young and the Restless' Star Justin Hartley Shares Proposal Details, Says Fiancée Chrishell Stause "Means the World to Me" - Longtime P&G Exec Robert E. Short Dead at 95 - Tyler Christopher Clears Up Possible September Return Date to 'General Hospital' - Justin Hartley Addresses His Status on 'The Young and the Restless' Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: Days of our Lives, Daytime, Deidre Hall, Drake Hogestyn, General Hospital, Linsey Godfrey, Michael Easton, Poll, Polls, Soap of the Week, The Bold and the Beautiful, Thorsten Kaye No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Loading... Featured Post Claire Labine Has Passed Away at Age 82 Claire Labine Beloved nine-time Emmy winner writer Claire Labine passed away earlier this week. She was 82. A cause of death has not ye... Popular Posts Claire Labine Has Passed Away at Age 82 Claire Labine Beloved nine-time Emmy winner writer Claire Labine passed away earlier this week. She was 82. A cause of death has not ye... 'The Bold and the Beautiful' Spoilers (November 14-18, 2016) Too close for comfort? Check out the day-to-day spoilers and a sneak peek video below to find out what's happening on CBS soap opera... 'General Hospital' Spoilers (November 14-18, 2016) Sonny announces at Morgan's funeral that he is going to do the only thing he knows that might bring his son peace... and then takes o... 'The Young and the Restless' Spoilers (November 14-18, 2016) All isn't fair in love and war. Check out the day-to-day spoilers and a sneak peek video below to find out what's happening on N... Soap of the Week Poll (November 7-11, 2016) It is time to vote in our Soap of the Week reader poll! Vote for the daytime drama, actor, actress and couple that were your favorites th... Today in Soap Opera History (November 14) 1984: OLTL's Asa wanted to stop Bo from marrying Didi. 1984: Dominic's identity was revealed on Santa Barbara . 1995: The gold ... Today in Soap Opera History (November 16) 1981: Texas' Justin learned Ashley wasn't pregnant. 1981: General Hospital's Rick walked Laura down the aisle. 1995: Days ... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
