Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How Procter & Gamble Co. Makes Most of Its Money These are the brands, markets, and customers that deliver most of P&G's revenue each year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) May 15, 2017 at 1:21PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) controls one of the biggest portfolios of consumer product franchises in the world. Its brands span core industry segments like grooming, baby care, and household cleaning -- covering products that millions of consumers use every day. Below, we'll take a closer look at where most of this blue-chip giant's profits come from. A few big brands P&G competes across 10 product categories that the company rolls into five reportable business segments: beauty, healthcare, fabric care, grooming, and baby, feminine, and family care. Image source: Getty Images. Fabric care is its single biggest division, responsible for just under one-third of sales and 27% of profits last year. Thanks to the Tide, Ariel, and Downy brands, the company is the global market share leader in laundry, with 30% of the industry under its thumb. P&G also dominates the grooming segment, where its Gillette franchise delivers an incredible 65% of the global market for razors and blades. That's down from 70% a few years ago, though, thanks to rising competition from value-based brands and online subscription services. Pampers is P&G's single biggest brand. The diaper franchise was worth $9 billion, or 14%, of revenue last year and is the category leader in the U.S. market. Rival Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) sits in second place with the Huggies brand. The key geographic market Procter & Gamble has operations in 70 countries and its products are sold in over 180 countries and territories. Yet most of its revenue -- 44%, to be exact -- is generated in the United States. That proportion is growing, too. In fiscal 2014, the figure stood at 39%. The heavy reliance on developed economies helps keep P&G more profitable, but also slower-growing, than peers. Unilever (NYSE:UL) gets 60% of its business from emerging markets in places like Latin America and Southeast Asia. It enjoyed 4% organic sales gains last year, compared to P&G's 1% uptick. Procter & Gamble's 21% operating margin is well ahead of Unilever's 15%, and Kimberly-Clark's 18%. UL Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Like its rivals, P&G's global business exposes it to currency swings and to economic disruptions outside of the U.S. In fiscal 2016, for example, exchange rate swings lopped 6 percentage points off reported sales. In the prior year, the company had to take a nearly $2 billion hit in its profits from exiting the Venezuelan market amid economic turmoil. One major customer P&G gets 15% of its revenue, or about $10 billion, from Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT). That's slightly more than Kimberly-Clark, which counted 14% of its business from the world's biggest retailer last year. The relationship between P&G and Wal-Mart has grown more complicated lately. In response to declining customer traffic, the retailing giant made three strategic changes that have pinched P&G's top and bottom lines. First, it has whittled down its selection of brands on display in a bid to create a more streamlined, cleaner shopping experience for customers. That's left less room on shelves for P&G to show off improvements in its core brands. Wal-Mart has also pressured its partner to lower prices so that it can better compete against rival supermarket chains. And third, the retailer is pouring resources into in-store brands that in some cases directly challenge P&G's dominance in categories like laundry, home care, and paper goods. The changes appear to be working, as they've helped deliver increasing customer traffic for Wal-Mart over the past year. For P&G, though, they've added urgency to its e-commerce initiative. Last quarter's 30% spike in that channel was a bright spot in an overall weak report. But the gain still left the digital segment at 5% of P&G's overall business. That number will need to rise significantly over the next few years for the company to maintain market share as customers do more of their shopping online. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info May 15, 2017 at 1:21PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $53.18 up $0.41 (0.78%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.29 up $0.58 (0.77%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $86.33 up $0.14 (0.16%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $128.00 up $0.01 (0.01%) Read More 10 Companies That Have Paid Dividends for More Than 120 Years Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc 4 Key Quotes From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Earnings Call Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How Procter & Gamble Co. Makes Most of Its Money @themotleyfool #stocks $UL, $WMT, $PG, $KMB
  May 15, 2017 Romanian student in the European final of P&G CEO Challenge May 15, 2017 Romanian student in the European final of P&G CEO Challenge. A total of 13 young students, representing four universities in Romania, were selected to participate in the first round of the P&G CEO Challenge competition, and one of them will be part of the team that qualified for the European final in Geneva. Together with representatives from other (...) [Read the article in Romania Business Insider]     SEE ALSO IN ROMANIAN NEWSPAPERS Romanian gas transporter Transgaz sees 85% increase in profit in first quarter Romanian state-owned gas transporter Transgaz Medias recorded a net profit of EUR 70.3 million in the first quarter of this year, up 86% over the same period last year. Operating revenues amounted to EUR 140.3 million between January and March, up 37% compared to the first three months of 2016. (...) Romania's central bank revises downwards inflation estimate Romania’s National Bank (BNR) has revised downwards by 0.1 percentage points to 1.6% its estimate on the annual inflation rate to be recorded at the end of this year. The inflation rate is expected to reach 3.1% by the end of next year, down 0.3 pp compared to the previous estimate. BNR will (...) Ten Largest HR Services Industry Companies Posted Almost RON1.4B Revenue In 2016 The ten largest human resources services providers ended last year with almost 1.4 billion lei (EUR308 million) revenue together, up 15% on 2015, according to the data centralized by ZF using information supplied by companies and from the Finance (...) Pedro Company Builds 1,500 Apartments In Bucharest Pedro Company Constructexim, of Petre Niculae, is building 1,500 apartments in the 21 Residence Politehnica complex, near the Cora Lujerului hypermarket on the Iuliu Maniu Boulevard in Bucharest’s sector six (west of the city). Young newlyweds may receive EUR 330 incentive from Bucharest City Hall The Bucharest City Hall may provide incentives of RON 1,500 (some EUR 330) to young couples that get married, provided that at least one of the spouses is at the first marriage and at least one of them has their domicile or residence in Bucharest. The measure is included in a draft decision on (...) Bitdefender: Recent WannaCry attack is only the first in a series of similar ones The recent WannaCry ransomware attack, which spread to more than 100 countries, is only the beginning in a series of similar attacks, according to Cătălin Coșoi, head of the Bitdefender’s investigation team coordinating the relations of the company with institutions such as NATO, Europol, Interpol, (...) Official start to race for PNL leadership: Ludovic Orban and Cristian Busoi file bids Ludovic Orban, backed by leaders of 27 party branches The competition for the leadership of the National Liberal Party (PNL) became a two-man race last Tuesday, after PNL First Vice President Catalin Predoiu announced his withdrawal. Thus, Ludovic Orban and Cristian Busoi will be the main (...)   Romaniapress.com : all romanian news. Copyright © DIRECTWAY | |
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Daegu to host musical ensembles from ‘Spamalot’ to ‘Polita’ The Korea Herald > Business > Industry P&G attributes success to empowered employees   Published : 2017-05-16 14:34 Updated : 2017-05-16 15:28 Celebrating 180 years of success and reputation, global household brand Proctor & Gamble emphasized its commitment to raising leaders within the company. P&G’s talent management system is recognized by human resource experts in the headhunting market, as former P&G employees and executives excel in various work areas across industries. Former GE CEO Jack Welch worked for P&G before joining GE. In Korea, several heads of global firms, such as Homeplus, Danone and Hermes, started their careers at P&G. The key to personnel management is early empowerment, the company explained. A P&G staff member chats with participants of the P&G CEO Challenge program in Novermber 2016. (P&G) “The P&G system empowers employees in their early stages, because the company trusts them 100 percent about their capabilities,” said a company spokesperson based in Seoul. All levels of employees, even interns and fresh entrants, are granted full authority and responsibility for their tasks, working as project leaders. Unlike many other multinational businesses that prefer hiring experienced talent, P&G recruits entry-level employees in order to nurture them into leaders of P&G through various training programs that educate staff on the company’s corporate culture and opportunities to grow as its future leaders. P&G also provides its staff with opportunities to work globally regardless of their age or position. About 30 percent of P&G Korea staff members have work experience at overseas P&G offices in countries including Singapore and Japan. As part of investment in future talent, the company runs P&G CEO Challenge, a business training program for university graduates in Korea. The program enables students to set and simulate business strategies, giving them an idea of what it would be like to execute a company project. Outstanding participants from the event in Korea are given the chance to compete with their counterparts in other Asian countries every year. P&G was founded in 1837 in Cincinnati, US, upon a merger between a British candle manufacturer run by William Procter and an Irish soap maker run by James Gamble. It currently produces a total of 65 household product brands in about 180 countries. Famous P&G brands include Gillette, Downy, Febreze, Oral B, Pampers, Whisper, Pantene and Head & Shoulders. “The company makes ceaseless efforts to raise outstanding talent based on the belief that employees are our No. 1 asset,” the spokesperson said. “To make consumers satisfied, we should first satisfy our employees.” As a family-friendly business certified by the Ministry of Gender, Equality and Family in 2012, P&G Korea also helps its employees seek a balance between work and life by allowing flexible work hours and letting staff work from home once a week. By Song Su-hyun (song@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Daegu to host musical ensemb... 2. Korean authors to attend ove... 3. Park asks court to separate ... 4. Boy band iKON to drop new so... 5. Slump-hit shipbuilding sect... 6. TV star Sung Yuri ties the k... 7. North Korea behind ransomwar... 8. Han warns of pre-emptive str... 9. S. Korea, US agree to seek n... 10. Demands surge for dual-camer... 1. What’s next for Moon Jae-in... 2. Moon Jae-in orders shutdown ... 3. New NK missile poses test fo... 4. Saudi Arabia announces worl... 5. Hopes and concerns 6. Korea on alert for ransomwar... 7. Anti-graft law causes confus... 8. Putin says intimidation of N... 9. McDonald's Korea receives ci... 10. Sharosugil, where exotic ea... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker P&G, Godrej Consumer, Gillette: ex-dividend comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet May 15, 2017:   Shares of fast-moving consumer group (FMCG) majors Gillette and Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care will turn ex-dividend on Wednesday. P&G is paying a special dividend of ₹362 to its shareholders (face value ₹10) and Gillette ₹154 (face value ₹10). For investors wishing to avail of the dividends, Tuesday is the cut-off date to enter the companies’ record books. Shares of Godrej Consumer Products (face value ₹1) are also set to turn ex-dividend (₹12) on Wednesday. (This article was published on May 15, 2017) Post Comment Related Companies  »  Gillette India Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Companies  »  Godrej Consumer Products Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Companies  »  Procter & Gamble Hygiene And Health Care Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex up 120 points on robust FII inflows; Bharti Airtel rallies over 3% Markets Live More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks Sensex up 120 points on robust FII inflows; Bharti Airtel rallies over 3% The benchmark BSE Sensex hit fresh all-time intra-day high of 30,518.78 and the NSE index Nifty touched a new peak of 9,490.45. » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Bounty and Celebrity Pastry Chef Duff Goldman Celebrate Messy, Memorable Baking Moments With Kids on National Chocolate Chip Day Chef and Food Network star, Duff Goldman (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Chef and Food Network star, Duff Goldman (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Bounty & Duff Goldman's Rainbow Chocolate Chip Cookies (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 15, 2017 08:05 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Baking with kids is one of life’s messiest, most memorable moments for families to share. That’s why Bounty and Food Network star, Duff Goldman, are teaming up on National Chocolate Chip Day to celebrate messy chocolate chip recipes. More than 250 million chocolate chips are produced each day1. And with chocolate chip cookies being one of the most common recipes people first learn how to bake, Duff is sharing a new Rainbow Chocolate Chip Cookie recipe that the whole family can bake together, along with quick kitchen clean-up tips with Bounty. “The first time you bake something together with your kids is a memorable moment, but it’s also perhaps one of the messier times for parents,” said Jacques Hagopian, Bounty Brand Director, Procter & Gamble. “Bounty wants people to focus on these special life moments, and we’ll focus on picking up the mess.” As the Food Network TV host of the “Kids Baking Championship,” Duff Goldman knows all about the messy, memorable moments that happen while baking with kids. “Baking with kids is a blast, and it is also a great way to sneak in lessons about the importance of practice, patience and picking up the mess,” said Goldman. “I’ve been known to be a bit of a kid in the kitchen, so my bakeries are stacked with Bounty, as it quickly cleans up many of the spills and messes that happen when I’m baking and decorating treats.” In addition to a new chocolate chip recipe, Goldman is also sharing tips for a quick cleanup with Bounty so parents can always enjoy the moment and not have to worry about the mess. After cooking with a non-stick pan, use Bounty sheets to wipe down the high heat surface to get it clean and lint-free Once cooled, transfer just-baked cookies from the pan onto Bounty paper towels to help absorb any remaining grease Make a Bounty paper towel "mitt" to grease cake pans while keeping your hands clean For more information on Bounty, and to see Goldman’s rainbow chocolate chip cookie recipe video, visit Facebook.com/Bounty and Facebook.com/DuffGoldman. About Procter & Gamble [NYSE:PG] P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. 1 Marianai, John F. Encyclopedia of American Food and Drink. City: Bloomsbury USA, 2014. Print. https://books.google.com/books?id=K5taAgAAQBAJ&pg=PT1073&lpg=PT1073&dq=250+million+chocolate+chips&source=bl&ots=9pN3JzHIS0&sig=kxTMEuJwChEORirQEGlouBM_g2w&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjX-u_H--zSAhVFbSYKHQhzA0o4ChDoAQhtMA8#v=onepage&q=250%20million%20chocolate%20chips&f=false Contacts For Procter & Gamble Angie McAuliffe mcauliffe.am@pg.com or For MSLGROUP Jessica Spano jessica.spano@mslgroup.com Contacts For Procter & Gamble Angie McAuliffe mcauliffe.am@pg.com or For MSLGROUP Jessica Spano jessica.spano@mslgroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Follow @triplepundit 48.2k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit How Partnerships Boost Sustainable Paper Pulp Supply by Nithin Coca on Monday, May 15th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) As sustainability enters the mainstream, demand for sustainable paper pulp, fiber and wood is growing fast. And companies like Procter and Gamble (P&G), Home Depot, International Paper, and others have made strong public commitments to source sustainable forest products. While many hoped that such a shift would pay dividends for the world’s forests, a surprising challenge is emerging. Deforestation is continuing, nearly unabated, and there aren’t enough sustainable forests to meet this new demand for ethical pulp. The key to better use of forest resources is transparency. That is why the companies mentioned above have pledged to meet their pulp and fiber needs from sources that adhere to what many consider the gold standard for certifying sustainable wood products: the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC). But merely being a member is not enough. To truly move toward sustainable forestry, companies must invest time to understand their supply chain and work within every level – otherwise, there will never be enough sustainable wood, fiber and pulp to go around. “Companies have to play a leading role in both boosting demand and supply of FSC products,” Corey Brinkema, president of FSC’s United States office, told TriplePundit. “They go hand in hand.” FSC was founded after the historic 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where the world recognized the challenge of climate change and the need to protect our forests. For more than two decades, this third-party certifier worked with companies, consumers and suppliers to ensure the growth of sustainably-managed forests around the world. FSC’s rigorous standards mean that getting certification is not easy, but that the label — unlike other schemes — means something. The flip side of such high standards is that getting certified can be a challenge. That is where companies have to play a more active role if they really want to source more sustainable raw materials for their products. “Direct relationships are vital,” Brinkema told us. “Through FSC certification, we’re reconnecting producers with their raw material supplies.” That means knowing the land where trees are grown for paper pulp. Most consumer brands are often four or five steps away from this source. And, until recently, few had any relationship with those growing trees. But the rising demand for sustainable feedstocks is changing that. FSC plays the role of an intermediary, connecting big companies directly with the small and sometimes family-run farms that are the source of their wood. “Unless the land owners have a very clear and obvious signal that these forest practices are important to [companies], they just don’t see the need to improve practices or seek certification,” Brinkema explained. It makes sense: Unless farmers know buyers want a more sustainable product, they will remain unwilling to spend more money to change their practices. “It’s a challenge … to convince suppliers that it’s worth meeting those standards.” For P&G’s partner, Domtar, this meant meeting with the small- and medium-scale land owners who produced its wood, and working with FSC to bring other land owners into the fold. “It’s important for P&G and Domtar to bring in a diversity of land owners,” Brinkema said. The paper company Domtar and P&G, which mostly uses paper to packages its consumer goods, have partnered for years on a steadier sustainable paper supply. “Every one of those [participating suppliers] allows [P&G and Domtar] to produce more FSC-certified products.” Big companies like P&G and Domtar can help small-scale farmers to participate in a group certification scheme like FSC, while few of these farmers could afford such measures on their own. In just one year, Domtar was able to bring in 400,000 new acres of land under FSC certification. This means more sustainable wood for its yards, and brings partners such as P&G one step closer to their lofty sustainability goals. “We’ve been really surprised at how important, and how impactful, bringing all these actors together is,” Brinkema told 3p. Creating a truly sustainable forest supply chain requires actions from all sectors. Groups like FSC are doing their part to increase sustainability and improve consumer confidence. But more companies need to work across their supply chains to increase the capacity of suppliers to produce sustainable pulp, paper and wood. The final piece is, of course, consumers. FSC is still not well known outside of those who care deeply about global forest issues or the environment. That does not mean consumers do not care about sustainability in the forestry sector, but that FSC and its partners must educate consumers on what certified, transparent supply chains really look like. “It’s really important that . . . brands begin to associate themselves with that responsible supply chain they’ve developed,” Brinkema explained. “Labeling alone is not enough.” That’s why FSC recently launched a new digital campaign called One Simple Action that shows consumers just how big of a difference buying certified products can make. Consumers need to reward companies that make the decision to go sustainable. Look for the FSC logo the next time you go shopping, and do your part to increase demand for sustainable forest products. Only then can we transform this supply chain and end illegal, costly deforestation around the world. Image credit: Soil-Science.info via Wikimedia Commons Nithin Coca is a freelance journalist who focuses on environmental, social, and economic issues around the world, with specific expertise in Southeast Asia. Follow Nithin Coca @excinit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. More in this Series How Partnerships Boost Sustainable Paper Pulp Supply How Companies Can Lead on Anti-Deforestation Efforts About This SeriesForests are one of the earth’s greatest gifts, providing home for a host of flora and fauna, ecosystem services like pulp and paper to create needed goods, space for recreation and relaxation, and, as the world’s lungs, a key carbon sink in the fight against global warming. Protecting this resource doesn’t mean letting it sit fallow. Protection means using forests responsibly so that they can be a truly renewable resource. In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Nikhil United States Baby Wipes Market Research Report Forecast 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 MarketResearchNest.com adds “United States Baby Wipes Market Report 2017” new report to its research database. The report spread across 106 pages with table and figures in it. Geographically, this report splits the United States market into seven regions: The West Southwest The Middle Atlantic New England The South The Midwest with sales (volume), revenue (value), market share and growth rate of Baby Wipes in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).   United States Baby Wipes market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Baby Wipes sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Kimberly-Clark P&G Johnson & Johnson Unicharm SCA Pigeon Himalaya Wellness Babisil Mustela Burt’s Bees Chicco Cotton Babies Farlin First Quality Enterprises Hengan Mee Mee Sebapharma   Browse full table of contents and data tables at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/united-states-baby-wipes-market-report-2017.html   On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume, revenue, product price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Spunlace Airlaid Coform Needlepunch Composite On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Baby Wipes for each application, including Physical Stores Online Stores   Order a Purchase Report Copy at     https://www.marketresearchnest.com/purchase.php?reportid=202575   Major Points in Table of content   Figure Product Picture of Baby Wipes Figure United States Baby Wipes Market Size (K Units) by Type (2012-2022) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales Volume Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 Figure Spunlace Product Picture Figure Airlaid Product Picture Figure Coform Product Picture Figure Needlepunch Product Picture Figure Composite Product Picture Figure United States Baby Wipes Market Size (K Units) by Application (2012-2022) Figure United States Sales Market Share of Baby Wipes by Application in 2016 Figure Physical Stores Examples Figure Online Stores Examples Figure United States Baby Wipes Market Size (Million USD) by Region (2012-2022) Figure The West Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Southwest Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure The Middle Atlantic Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure New England Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure The South of US Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure The Midwest Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure United States Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure United States Baby Wipes Market Major Players Product Sales Volume (K Units) (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Sales (K Units) of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Sales Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Figure 2016 United States Baby Wipes Sales Share by Players/Suppliers Figure 2017 United States Baby Wipes Sales Share by Players/Suppliers Figure United States Baby Wipes Market Major Players Product Revenue (Million USD) (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Revenue Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Figure 2016 United States Baby Wipes Revenue Share by Players/Suppliers Figure 2017 United States Baby Wipes Revenue Share by Players/Suppliers Table United States Market Baby Wipes Average Price (USD/Unit) of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Figure United States Market Baby Wipes Average Price (USD/Unit) of Key Players/Suppliers in 2016 Figure United States Baby Wipes Market Share of Top 3 Players/Suppliers Figure United States Baby Wipes Market Share of Top 5 Players/Suppliers Table United States Players/Suppliers Baby Wipes Manufacturing Base Distribution and Sales Area Table United States Players/Suppliers Baby Wipes Product Category Table United States Baby Wipes Sales (K Units) by Region (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Sales Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales Market Share by Region in 2016 Table United States Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Revenue Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share by Region in 2016 Table United States Baby Wipes Price (USD/Unit) by Region (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Sales (K Units) by Type (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Sales Share by Type (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales Share by Type (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales Market Share by Type in 2016 Table United States Baby Wipes Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Revenue Share by Type (2012-2017) Figure Revenue Market Share of Baby Wipes by Type (2012-2017) Figure Revenue Market Share of Baby Wipes by Type in 2016 Table United States Baby Wipes Price (USD/Unit) by Types (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate by Type (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Sales (K Units) by Application (2012-2017) Table United States Baby Wipes Sales Market Share by Application (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales Market Share by Application (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales Market Share by Application in 2016 Table United States Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) Figure United States Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) Table Kimberly-Clark Basic Information List Table Kimberly-Clark Baby Wipes Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Figure Kimberly-Clark Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Kimberly-Clark Baby Wipes Sales Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Figure Kimberly-Clark Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Table P&G Basic Information List Table P&G Baby Wipes Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Figure P&G Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure P&G Baby Wipes Sales Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Figure P&G Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Table Johnson & Johnson Basic Information List Table Johnson & Johnson Baby Wipes Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Figure Johnson & Johnson Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Johnson & Johnson Baby Wipes Sales Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Figure Johnson & Johnson Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Table Unicharm Basic Information List Table Unicharm Baby Wipes Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Figure Unicharm Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Unicharm Baby Wipes Sales Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Figure Unicharm Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Table SCA Basic Information List Table SCA Baby Wipes Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Figure SCA Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure SCA Baby Wipes Sales Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Figure SCA Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Table Pigeon Basic Information List Table Pigeon Baby Wipes Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Figure Pigeon Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Pigeon Baby Wipes Sales Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Figure Pigeon Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Table Himalaya Wellness Basic Information List Table Himalaya Wellness Baby Wipes Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Figure Himalaya Wellness Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Himalaya Wellness Baby Wipes Sales Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Figure Himalaya Wellness Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Table Babisil Basic Information List Table Babisil Baby Wipes Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) Figure Babisil Baby Wipes Sales Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Babisil Baby Wipes Sales Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Figure Babisil Baby Wipes Revenue Market Share in United States (2012-2017) Table Mustela Basic Information List Table Mustela Baby Wipes Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017)   Request a sample copy at     https://www.marketresearchnest.com/requestsample.php?reportid=202575   About Us: MarketResearchNest.com is the most comprehensive collection of market research products and services on the Web. We offer reports from almost all top publishers and update our collection on daily basis to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and recent database of expert insights on United States industries, organizations, products, and trends.   Contact Us          Mr. Jeet Jain Sales Manager sales@marketresearchnest.com +1-240-284-8070 +44-20-3290-4151 Connect with us:  Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter | Facebook CategoriesGoogle News TagsBaby Wipes, Baby Wipes Analysis, Baby Wipes Growth, Baby Wipes Industry, Baby Wipes Industry Trends, Baby Wipes Market, Baby Wipes Share, Baby Wipes Size, Baby Wipes Trends, Consumer Goods Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Digital Signature Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext General Purpose Test Equipment (GPTE) Market: Top Manufacturing Challenges, Strategic trends and Key Factors Restraining Growth Forecast 2021 Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Jobs Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Welcome to Arab News Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs ’Excess’ car pollution killed 38,000 in 2015: study Trump shared secret info about Daesh with Russians -officials Pre-Ramadan inspection campaign launched to safeguard consumers US: Assad secretly killing prisoners, burning bodies King Salman optimistic about ‘historic’ US summit Is Hamza bin Laden Al-Qaeda’s next leader? Cabinet lauds late Prince Naif’s services to religion, nation Saudi FM inaugurates independent human rights commission HQ Thomson Reuters inaugurates 9th Annual Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering Seminar Solutions to refugee problem, ties with Iran, Yemen crisis discussed at Doha Forum You are here Home Corporate News Pampers to introduce new and improved diapers Corporate News Pampers to introduce new and improved diapers /node/1099726/corporate-news Pampers to introduce new and improved diapers ARAB NEWS | Published — Monday 15 May 2017 Pampers hosted various guests at its innovation center in Schwalbach to experience the innovative technology of the upcoming new Pampers Baby Dry. Ahead of the new Pampers technology launch, a number of guests from the Middle East discovered the innovation at the P&G German Innovation Center. P&G Pampers hosted various guests to its German Innovation Center in Schwalbach to experience the innovative technology of the upcoming new Pampers Baby Dry, which will launch very soon in the region. Participants included a representative from the Saudi Pediatric Association, in addition to a member of the online media. The new and improved Baby Dry diapers, which now include Extra Absorb Channels, are designed to ensure 12 hours of overnight dryness, keeping babies dry for a full night of sleep, so that they are refreshed and happy when they wake up in the morning. Ahead of the new Pampers technology launch, a number of guests from the Middle East discovered the innovation at the P&G German Innovation Center. P&G Pampers hosted various guests to its German Innovation Center in Schwalbach to experience the innovative technology of the upcoming new Pampers Baby Dry, which will launch very soon in the region. Participants included a representative from the Saudi Pediatric Association, in addition to a member of the online media. The new and improved Baby Dry diapers, which now include Extra Absorb Channels, are designed to ensure 12 hours of overnight dryness, keeping babies dry for a full night of sleep, so that they are refreshed and happy when they wake up in the morning. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Corporate News Giordano opens biggest Saudi store in Jeddah Giordano has opened a new store in downtown Jeddah’s Al-Mahmal Center.With a floor space of 3,412... ITFC signs $450m pact with Burkina Faso for development push On the sidelines of the Islamic Development Bank (IDB) Group’s 42nd annual meeting of the board of... GIB granted license to operate as local bank in KSA Protiviti Member Firm opens office in Riyadh SABB celebrates 40th anniversary Pakistan Executives Group holds investment seminar in Jeddah Load more Giordano opens biggest Saudi store in Jeddah ITFC signs $450m pact with Burkina Faso for development push GIB granted license to operate as local bank in KSA Protiviti Member Firm opens office in Riyadh SABB celebrates 40th anniversary Abella Superstores teams up with SolFirst for Huawei Smart PV Solution Latest News ’Excess’ car pollution killed 38,000 in 2015: study 31 views Trump shared secret info about Daesh with Russians -officials 135 views Pre-Ramadan inspection campaign launched to safeguard consumers 222 views US: Assad secretly killing prisoners, burning bodies 290 views King Salman optimistic about ‘historic’ US summit 260 views Is Hamza bin Laden Al-Qaeda’s next leader? 925 views Opinion — Marc Martinez — Mine disaster could derail Rouhani’s campaign — Diana Moukalled — Has Hezbollah withdrawn from Syria? — Yasar Yakis — French elections and Turkey — Frank Kane — Expert view paints optimistic picture of Gulf economies — Dr. Hamdan Al-Shehri — The significance of Trump’s visit to Riyadh — Dr. Manuel Almeida — A new North Yemen civil war in the making? More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared Is Hamza bin Laden Al-Qaeda’s next leader? 930 views US: Assad secretly killing prisoners, burning bodies 290 views King Salman optimistic about ‘historic’ US summit 260 views Pre-Ramadan inspection campaign launched to safeguard consumers 226 views Trump shared secret info about Daesh with Russians-officials 137 views Analysis: Palestinian elections fail to provide political answers 116 views Most Read Shared 5 expats returning from Umrah die in Riyadh road accident 71446 views Saudi child, Pakistani expat killed in Qatif terror attack 51834 views Saudi man under fire for extravagant show of love in wife’s classroom 30280 views Iranian militia leader talks of full Middle East dominance 29135 views No return to previous powers of Saudi religious police 27651 views 32,000 residency violators leave KSA, 100,000 arrested 18941 views Most Read Shared 5 expats returning from Umrah die in Riyadh road accident 71446 views One person burns to death after horrific oil tanker accident on Makkah-Jeddah highway 56391 views Eyebrows raised as Saudi father names newborn after US first daughter 54069 views Saudi child, Pakistani expat killed in Qatif terror attack 51834 views Saudi Royal decree announces new appointments, restores benefits to government employees 51570 views Saudi women no longer need guardians’ consent to receive services 45902 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Industrial Cleaning Chemicals Market 2017 – Market Size, Shares, Trends, Growth and Forecast to 2022 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/15/2017 — In this report, the global Industrial Cleaning Chemicals market is expected to grow rapidly between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Industrial Cleaning Chemicals in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering – North America – Europe – China – Japan – Southeast Asia – India Get a Sample Research PDF with TOC: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1057687 Global Industrial Cleaning Chemicals market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including – BASF – Albemarle Corporation – Akzo Nobel – Dow Chemical – Croda International – Procter & Gamble – 3M – Stepan – Huntsman – Koch Industries Incorporated – Henkel – Eastman Chemical – FMC Corporation – Clariant International – Axiall Corporation On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into – General Purpose Cleaners – Floor Care Products – Ware Washing Detergents – Laundry Care Products – Vehicle Wash Products – Disinfectants & Sanitizers – Other Enquiry at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1057687 On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Industrial Cleaning Chemicals for each application, including – Metallurgical Industry – Paper Industry – Food Industry – Chemical Industry – Pharmaceutical Industry – Machinery Manufacturing Industry – Other Browse more details at: http://www.researchmoz.us/global-industrial-cleaning-chemicals-market-research-report-2017-report.html About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air Force Seeks Medical Translation Services Sources Next PostNext Global Mobile Cone Crusher Market Key Growth Factor, Industry Analysis 2016-2021 Search Recent Posts The Addiction Breakthrough Summit – Free Online Conference to Help Substance Abusers and Their Families Find a Successful Path to Freedom Global Mobile Impact Crusher Market Key Growth Factor, Industry Analysis 2016-2021 Global Mobile Heater Market Key Growth Factor, Industry Analysis 2016-2021 Global Mobile Generator Market Key Growth Factor, Industry Analysis 2016-2021 Global Mobile Crushing Station Market Key Growth Factor, Industry Analysis 2016-2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Arun Patil Jelly Pudding Market Share, Growth, Trend Analysis and Forecast to 2022 by Capacity and Production Value in Europe In Europe Jelly Pudding market is poised to witness rapid growth between 2016 to 2021. A strong trend of R&D investments in Food & Beverage industries will majorly drive the Jelly Pudding market. Other growth drivers include the need to curtail costs, growth and increased use of shifting commodity prices, strength of private label brands and increased competition from players in Jelly Pudding industries. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Jelly Pudding Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10595353 The Europe Jelly Pudding Market, presents critical information and factual data about this Industry, providing an overall statistical study of this market on the basis of market drivers, market limitations and its future prospects. The widespread Jelly Pudding trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Jelly Pudding Market study. Applying scientific knowledge and methods to food and beverage production can give Jelly Pudding Market manufacturers a competitive advantage and list of key manufacturers: Nestle, Unilever, P&G, DQ, Eat Drink Better, Organic Valley, Woongjin Foods, LOTTE, Strong Group, Rico Food Industries Sdn. Bhd, CHC Gourmet Sdn Bhd, Want-want, Hsu Fu Chi, Heinz. Get Sample PDF of Jelly Pudding Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10595353 The research report gives an overview of Europe Jelly Pudding industries on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, end-to-end industries and industry scenario. The regional distribution of this industry is across the globe are considered for this Jelly Pudding market analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the Europe market over the period from 2016 to foretasted year. The Jelly Pudding market research report shed light on Foremost Regions: Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain. All aspects of the Jelly Pudding industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the Europe as well as regional market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition, prevalent chain and the government regulations pertaining to the Jelly Pudding market are also discussed in the report. Purchase Jelly Pudding Market Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10595353, The product range of the Jelly Pudding market is examined on the basis of their production chain, pricing of products and the profit generated by them. Various regional markets are analysed in this research report and the production volume and efficacy of the Jelly Pudding industry across the world is also discussed., CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsJelly pudding market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 4-Chlorophenyl isocyanate Market Analysis, Outlook, Opportunities, Size, Share Forecast and Supply Demand 2022 Next PostNext High Quality, Rechargeable and Customized 24V Lithium Ion Batteries Are Now Available Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Astros get huge lift from Yuli Gurriel in win over Marlins One Houston native out, another still on 'Dancing' Redeveloping San Jacinto Mall proves to be a puzzle Photos show alleged prison tunnel near Texas border Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Ravages of meth extend beyond legal woes Magnolia man charged with murder after road rage incident Man accused of running over girlfriend outside Houston shopping Major wreck shuts down Southwest Freeway US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Kayaker paddles for his life as alligator chases him down in Class of 2017 commencement speakers Lost at the airport: Leave it behind and someone may buy it Report: $100 million lawsuit alleges Robert Durst's second wife Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Astros get huge lift from Yuli Gurriel in win over Marlins Manchester City, Manchester United to bring rivalry to Houston Jalen Rose critical of James Harden's on-court demeanor, Astros' Charlie Morton searching for answers to late-start woes Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Discount trend could destabilize some small private colleges if Business groups lay out plans to boost tech Developer plans three new warehouses in Missouri City The fracking boom spurs a baby boomlet A&E Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games Houston's Simone Biles goes home but Normani Kordei is still Rapper Drake chaperones his cousin and her date to Memphis prom Scientists discover timing could have saved dinosaurs from First look: The Ivy & James Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content Upcoming Houston wine events King's BierHaus in the Heights is ready to host good times Marriott Marquis transforms into the Las Vegas Strip for the Farewell to longtime columnist Ken Hoffman Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate Home Price Survey Senior Living My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/sports/texans/article/Texans-Deshaun-Watson-D-Onta-Foreman-NFLPA-Rookie-11146648.php Texans' Deshaun Watson, D'Onta Foreman to attend NFLPA Rookie Premiere By Aaron Wilson Published 10:19 am, Monday, May 15, 2017 Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 1of/15 Caption Close Image 1 of 15 DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 2 of 15 D'Onta Foreman prepares to run through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) D'Onta Foreman prepares to run through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 3 of 15 DeShaun Watson, quarterback from Clemson goes over the plays before runing through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) less DeShaun Watson, quarterback from Clemson goes over the plays before runing through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston ... more Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 4 of 15 Texans rookie running back D'Onta Foreman carried the ball 323 times and averaged 6.3 yards per carry last season at the University of Texas.﻿ Texans rookie running back D'Onta Foreman carried the ball 323 times and averaged 6.3 yards per carry last season at the University of Texas.﻿ Photo: Steve Gonzales, Staff Image 5 of 15 DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 6 of 15 D'Onta Foreman said he is 100 percent recovered from the broken hand that contributed to fumbles last season.﻿ D'Onta Foreman said he is 100 percent recovered from the broken hand that contributed to fumbles last season.﻿ Photo: Steve Gonzales, Staff Image 7 of 15 DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 8 of 15 Texans coach Bill O'Brien, left, spent the past three days coaching quarterback Deshaun Watson,right, in meetings and on the field at the team's rookie minicamp. Texans coach Bill O'Brien, left, spent the past three days coaching quarterback Deshaun Watson,right, in meetings and on the field at the team's rookie minicamp. Photo: Steve Gonzales, Staff Image 9 of 15 DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 10 of 15 DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 11 of 15 Texans Coach Bill O'Brien gives DeShaun Watson feedback as he runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Texans Coach Bill O'Brien gives DeShaun Watson feedback as he runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 12 of 15 Texans Coach Bill O'Brien gives DeShaun Watson feedback as he runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Texans Coach Bill O'Brien gives DeShaun Watson feedback as he runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 13 of 15 DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) DeShaun Watson runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 14 of 15 Texans Coach Bill O'Brien gives DeShaun Watson feedback as he runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Texans Coach Bill O'Brien gives DeShaun Watson feedback as he runs through drills during Texans rookie camp at NRG practice field Saturday, May 13, 2017, in Houston. ( Steve Gonzales / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Steve Gonzales/Houston Chronicle Image 15 of 15 Texans' Deshaun Watson, D'Onta Foreman to attend NFLPA Rookie Premiere 1 / 15 Back to Gallery Texans first-round draft quarterback Deshaun Watson and third-round running back D'Onta Foreman are scheduled to attend the annual NFL Players Association Rookie Premiere in Los Angeles. The business of football event includes business orientation and a Panini America trading card photo shoot. The event runs from Thursday to Saturday and is designed to help rookies secure endorsement deals. Among the companies participating: Panini America, Fanatics, Fanatics Authentic, Nike, EA SPORTS, Pepsi, New Era, FedEx, Staramba, WHOOP, Delta Private Jets, FedEx, élevée, Bridgestone, Lyft, NFL Extra Points, Gatorade, Tostitos, Anheuser-Busch, and Proctor & Gamble. Other top rookies listed as participants include: Mitch Trubisky (North Carolina, Chicago Bears), Leonard Fournette (LSU, Jacksonville Jaguars), Corey Davis (Western Michigan, Tennessee Titans), Mike Williams (Clemson, Los Angeles Chargers), Christian McCaffrey (Stanford, Carolina Panthers), John Ross (Washington, Cincinnati Bengals), Pat Mahomes (Texas Tech, Kansas City Chiefs), O.J. Howard (Alabama, Tampa Bay Buccaneers), DeShone Kizer (Notre Dame, Cleveland Browns), JuJu Smith-Schuster (Southern Cal, Pittsburgh Steelers), Davis Webb (California, New York Giants), James Conner (Pittsburgh, Steelers) and Josh Dobbs (Tennessee, Steelers). "This is a tremendous opportunity for our players and partners to interact in an intimate setting," Ahmad Nassar, president of NFL Players Inc., said in a statement. "For 23 years, NFLPA Rookie Premiere has been the foundation of players learning about the business and benefits of their union, as they begin their journey into the league. Putting their personalities and passions on display in front of the right brands, allows their stories to spread to a wider audience, while reinforcing what the NFLPA is about – benefiting the players." Texas Sports Nation Creech: Zaza Pachulia's play might have been dirty, but time... Smith: Astros are best answer to Rockets' disaster Texans rookie D'Onta Foreman getting acclimated to NFL,... Lil B offers to end his curse on Rockets' James Harden Latest Texans news Texans' director of player personnel Brian Gaine takes Bills' job Texans' Deshaun Watson, D'Onta Foreman to attend NFLPA Rookie... Texans punter Shane Lechler stays hungry at age 40 Texans new QB gets hazed at JJ Watt's charity softball game Arnold Schwarzenegger says Hollywood is ready for J.J. Watt,... J.J. Watt, teammates give back at annual charity softball game J.J. Watt wins home run derby, says surgically repaired back... Browns' top pick Myles Garrett gets sacked by Hall of Famer Texans rookie Treston Decoud expected to miss time due to NFL... Texans rookie Zach Cunningham ready to 'live in the weight room' Tweets from https://twitter.com/GregRajan/lists/tweeting-the-texans View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
null
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society Weird World Ramdev effect? Patanjali to create electricity from bulls! Cow welfare and Make in India may go hand in hand as Patanjali looks to produce electricity through bulls. Read to know more. Arkadev Ghoshal   May 15, 2017 18:08 IST In picture: Yoga guru Ramdev and Patanjali Ayurved MD Balkrishna in New Delhi on May 4, 2017.IANS File Photo Patanjali, the home-grown FMCG company started by yoga guru Baba Ramdev and Acharya Balkrishna, is apparently planning to enter an entirely new sector: electricity generation. But true to its roots of keeping things organic, it plans to generate electricity from cattle, or more specifically, bulls! Patanjali has so far restricted itself to the Ayurvedic FMCG field, giving tough competition to the likes of Hindustan Unilever, Dabur and Procter & Gamble. Patanjali is in the second position when it comes to advertising in the FMCG sector. The company recently opened an Ayurveda research institute in Uttarakhand in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. India needs electricity However, the latest step is quite out of the blue, albeit relevant to the narrative- the Make in India push made by Modi. Power generation is a hot topic in India because of the country's rising needs for electricity as it strives to become more industrialised and relevant to the world economy.  Patanjali's idea is to generate electricity from cattle — a brainchild of Managing Director Balkrishna — using a turbine that the bovines will keep moving. So far, tests in Haridwar have yielded 2.5 kilowatts of power. It may be noted here that a 1-HP pump consumes approximately 0.75 kilowatts of electricity per hour, and therefore could be powered by the Patanjali method for more than three hours. Bovine welfare is also a goal! Pictured: Women worship a cow to seek blessings for their male child during Bach Baras festival in Ajmer, India August 29, 2016.Reuters The method apparently is in line with the cow conservation and welfare wave that is sweeping the country as well! Balkrishna told Economic Times: "At a time when more and more male bovines are being slaughtered, we want to change the perception that they are not very valuable. While in the morning they can be used on the farms, in the evening they can be utilised for generation of electricity." He added: "We need to go back to the basics. In ancient times, bulls were used to ferry massive artillery. If their power is put to optimum use with the help of technology, they can be of tremendous use. We are undertaking research as to how more watts of power can be produced with the use of bulls so that a farmer can use them to light his household." Ptanajali does not plan to sell the power generated through this method, sources told Economic Times. Perhaps the plan is to sell the machines with which the electricity is generated.  Related Watch: India unveils ambitious plan to have only electric cars by 2030 Kudankulam Unit 2 becomes operational: Is India turning over a new leaf on electricity amid US reticence? Position of power: For first time ever, India exporting more electricity than it is importing Also read Patanjali Ayurved in Pakistan? Why not, asks Baba Ramdev Patanjali's biggest production unit to come up in Assam Post Comment IBT TV Close Sean Spicer ignores questions on possible recording of White House conversations Why advertise with us? Latest News Donald Trump revealed intelligence secret about ISIS to Russians 10 minutes ago By Namrata Tripathi Rajinikanth in politics: Superstar will translate his words into deeds, predicts astrologer 32 minutes ago By Prakash Upadhyaya Why advertise with us? most popular 'Resign by today evening or I will drag you from your office to Tihar Jail,' Kapil Mishra threatens Arvind Kejriwal Kapil Mishra also accused Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal of using shell companies to park crores of unaccounted money. Feel 'Bravo' each time Arnab Goswami's Republic TV hits somebody below the belt? May be you are not news literate In the quest for exclusivity in cut-throat competition, journalism has come to emphasise on subjectivity instead of the traditional objectivity. But are the consumers news literate enough to deal with the new challenge? CISCE will not declare ICSE Class 10 exam results 2017 today, evaluation still underway The ICSE Class 10 exams were supposed to be held from February 27 to March 31 but were postponed due to the assembly elections in the five states of Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Goa and Manipur. Watch: Uttar Pradesh Assembly session marred by unruly Opposition protests; governor targeted UP Governor Ram Naik was on Monday targeted by Opposition MLAs with paper balls as he delivered a customary address to the joint session of the legislature. CBI raids houses of former Finance Minister P Chidambaram, son Karti in Chennai A First Information Report (FIR) has also been registered against the former Indian finance minister in the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) approval case of 2007-08. JuD chief Hafiz Saeed detained for 'spreading terror in the name of jihad,' says Pakistan This is the first time Pakistan has admitted that Hafiz Saeed was detained because he was spreading terror in the name of jihad. Kerala +2 (class 12) result: How to apply for SAY, improvement, revaluation; check time table Kerala saw a pass percentage of 83.37 for Higher Secondary Examination this year. The Hague Battle: International Court of Justice to hold hearing in Kulbhushan Jadhav case today A military court in Pakistan sentenced Kulbhushan Jadhav to death in April for alleged espionage activities in the neighbouring country. Photo Gallery Khloe and Kim Kardashian pose together in plunging outfits Khloe Kardashian and Kim Kardashian pose together in plunging outfits Anushka Sharma spotted at Juhu Bollywood actress Anushka Sharma spotted at Juhu. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Bounty and Celebrity Pastry Chef Duff Goldman Celebrate Messy, Memorable Baking Moments With Kids on National Chocolate Chip Day CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Baking with kids is one of life’s messiest, most memorable moments for families to share. That’s why Bounty and Food Network star, Duff Goldman, are teaming up on National Chocolate Chip Day to celebrate messy chocolate chip recipes. More than 250 million chocolate chips are produced each day1. And with chocolate chip cookies being one of the most common recipes people first learn how to bake, Duff is sharing a new Rainbow Chocolate Chip Cookie recipe that the whole family can bake together, along with quick kitchen clean-up tips with Bounty. “The first time you bake something together with your kids is a memorable moment, but it’s also perhaps one of the messier times for parents,” said Jacques Hagopian, Bounty Brand Director, Procter & Gamble. “Bounty wants people to focus on these special life moments, and we’ll focus on picking up the mess.” As the Food Network TV host of the “Kids Baking Championship,” Duff Goldman knows all about the messy, memorable moments that happen while baking with kids. “Baking with kids is a blast, and it is also a great way to sneak in lessons about the importance of practice, patience and picking up the mess,” said Goldman. “I’ve been known to be a bit of a kid in the kitchen, so my bakeries are stacked with Bounty, as it quickly cleans up many of the spills and messes that happen when I’m baking and decorating treats.” In addition to a new chocolate chip recipe, Goldman is also sharing tips for a quick cleanup with Bounty so parents can always enjoy the moment and not have to worry about the mess. After cooking with a non-stick pan, use Bounty sheets to wipe down the high heat surface to get it clean and lint-free Once cooled, transfer just-baked cookies from the pan onto Bounty paper towels to help absorb any remaining grease Make a Bounty paper towel „mitt” to grease cake pans while keeping your hands clean For more information on Bounty, and to see Goldman’s rainbow chocolate chip cookie recipe video, visit Facebook.com/Bounty and Facebook.com/DuffGoldman. About Procter & Gamble [NYSE:PG] P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. 1 Marianai, John F. Encyclopedia of American Food and Drink. City: Bloomsbury USA, 2014. Print. https://books.google.com/books?id=K5taAgAAQBAJ&pg=PT1073&lpg=PT1073&dq=250+million+chocolate+chips&source=bl&ots=9pN3JzHIS0&sig=kxTMEuJwChEORirQEGlouBM_g2w&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjX-u_H–zSAhVFbSYKHQhzA0o4ChDoAQhtMA8#v=onepage&q=250%20million%20chocolate%20chips&f=false CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious First Point Minerals Announces $830,000 Financing to Fund Step-Out Drilling Program at Decar Nickel Project Next PostNext KYOCERA Receives Class Y Certification for Semiconductor Assembly Services in San Diego, California Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Tue, May 16 2017. 05 10 AM IST Everstone Group, CPPIB set up logistics joint venture IndoSpace Core Canadian pension fund CPPIB will initially commit $500 million to own a significant stake in the proposed joint venture with Everstone—IndoSpace Core Subscribe to our newsletter. Anuradha Choudhary Sameer Sain, co-founder and managing partner of Everstone Group. Photo: Mint Mumbai: Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) and Everstone Group’s industrial and logistics real estate development platform, IndoSpace, have formed a joint venture named IndoSpace Core to acquire and develop modern logistics facilities in India, according to a statement on Monday. The Canadian pension fund will initially commit approximately $500 million and own a significant stake in the proposed joint venture. IndoSpace Capital Asia will manage the new entity. “IndoSpace Core’s first tranche of $500 million plus the options and appetite to acquire further pipeline assets make this one of the largest commitments not only in the logistics sector but also within the overall real estate space. We will continue to retain full management control of all IndoSpace assets and provide better and higher quality service to all our national tenants,” Sameer Sain, co-founder and managing partner of Everstone Group, told Mint. He added that the combination of expertise and a strong macro environment, including Make in India, the goods and services tax (GST) rollout and growth in e-commerce, will provide significant opportunities for this joint venture. Mint was the first to report as early as August last year that Singapore’s Temasek Holdings Pte and GIC Pte, Canada’s CPPIB and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority are in advanced talks to invest in Everstone Group’s $2 billion real estate investment trust (REIT) offer. IndoSpace is a joint venture between Everstone Group and US-based Realterm. Everstone is a private equity and real estate firm that focuses on India and South-east Asia, with over $3.3 billion of assets under management. “In the first tranche, IndoSpace Core will buy ready assets of approx 10 million sq. ft. for about $500 million. Over the next 36-40 months, IndoSpace Core has the option to acquire an additional 15-20 million sq. ft, which will take their overall investment to approximately $1.3 billion,” said a person privy to the matter, speaking on condition of anonymity. Additionally, the IndoSpace platform, which has so far raised $584 million across two funds to invest in building logistics parks, will raise its third warehousing and logistics fund of about $650 million, in which CPPIB will inject $100 million, this person added. The first fund—IndoSpace Logistics Park I—was raised in 2009 with a corpus of $240 million. IndoSpace Logistics Park II was raised in 2014 with a corpus of $344 million. IndoSpace Core has decided to acquire 13 industrial and logistics parks, totalling approximately 14 million sq. ft, from current IndoSpace development funds, the statement said. The assets are prime industrial properties located in the top industrial and logistics hubs in India, including Chennai, Pune, Mumbai, Delhi and Bengaluru. “The strong fundamentals underlying the Indian manufacturing and retail sectors and growth in e-commerce, combined with the low stock of high-quality modern industrial real estate in the country, make this a compelling investment opportunity for a long-term investor like CPPIB,” said Andrea Orlandi, managing director and head of real estate investments, Europe, CPPIB. The Indian industrial and logistics warehousing industry is in its infancy and is growing rapidly, making it attractive for investors. The GST, set to be rolled out. in July and big endorsements for “Make in India” are some of the key reasons for the massive inflow into the country’s logistics space, industry experts said. The venture also has the option to acquire an existing pipeline worth about $700 million as well as participate in a future development pipeline. Touted as the biggest taxation reform since Independence, GST will subsume central excise, service tax, value-added tax and other local levies to create a uniform market. It will bring changes in transportation of goods and will benefit logistics companies as there will be one tax rate across the country. Also, the movement of goods will be easier, resulting in consolidation of logistics systems for companies. In February last year, IndoSpace said it plans to invest $1 billion in India over the next five years to take its total investment to $1.75 billion, which will increase IndoSpace’s development pipeline from 20 million sq. ft to 50 million sq. ft. Its tenants include companies such as Amazon, L’Oreal, Procter and Gamble, Nissan, PepsiCo, DHL, Leoni, Steelcase, Kubota, Ericsson, Bosch, Delphi, Caterpillar, Adidas and Asian Paints. In his last budget speech, Union finance minister Arun Jaitley said, “An effective multi-modal logistics and transport sector will make our economy more competitive. A specific programme for development of multi-modal logistics parks, together with multi-modal transport facilities, will be drawn up and implemented.” As part of its ambitious multi-modal programme to reduce logistics costs and make the economy competitive, the government proposes the setting up of 35 multi-modal logistics parks at an investment of Rs50,000 crore, the development of 50 economic corridors and an investment template that involves roping in the states and the private sector for setting up special vehicles for implementation. CPPIB is bullish on India as an investment destination. The Canadian pension fund, which opened its investment office in India in October 2015, recently announced its decision to invest as much as $250 million in Island Star Mall Developers Pvt. Ltd, a unit of Phoenix Mills Ltd. According to real estate consulting firm JLL India, 2017 is likely to see the highest quantum of mall space becoming operational in the country, second to 2011. As of 31 December 2016, CPPIB had assets worth C$298.1 billion, and has committed about $3.7 billion in India so far. Anuradha Choudhary Topics: Everstone Group CPPIB joint venture logistics sector IndoSpace Core More From Livemint READ MORE Did Snapdeal abandon group buying model too early? Glenmark anti-myeloma drug gets clinical trial nod from USFDA Global gold prices rise for fourth day as dollar eases on weak US data First Published: Mon, May 15 2017. 06 30 PM IST Editor's Picks CBI raids 14 properties of P. Chidambaram, son Karti in Chennai How India Eats: The class structure of food consumption in India Can Practo take the next big leap forward? Latest News Global gold prices rise for fourth day as dollar eases on weak US data Mark Mobius says Pakistan not ready to become emerging market Triple talaq a matter of faith for last 1,400 years, AIMPLB to SC Nokia 3310 to start selling in India from 18 May Ransomware attack again thrusts NSA into unwanted spotlight Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Skincare Market 2016 Size, Trends, Growth, Analysis and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Skincare Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 15, 2017 ) Skin care products are used to prevent the early onset of symptoms of aging, acne, wrinkles, dry skin, dark spots, and blemishes. These products primarily include face creams and body lotions. Face creams are further segmented on the basis of function such as anti-aging, sun protection, and skin brightening products. Publisher's analysts forecast the global skin care products market to grow at a CAGR of 4.91% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global skin care products market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, it considers the revenue generated through the retail sales of face creams and body lotions. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-skincare-market-2016-2020 The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - ROW Publisher's report, Global Skin Care Products Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Avon Products - Beiersdorf - EstÃ©e Lauder - L'OrÃ©al - P&G - Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001291760/sample Other prominent vendors - AmorePacific - Amway - Aveda - BABOR - Bioderma Laboratory - Clarins - DS Healthcare Group - Lotus Herbals - Mary Kay - Missha - Nature Republic - NeoStrata - Oriflame - Rachel K Cosmetics - Revlon - Skin Good - Skinvisible - Shiseido - Thalgo Market driver - Demand for natural and organic products - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Product packaging and labeling regulations - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - High demand for UV absorbers - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001291760/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Liquid Toothpaste Industry Market Overview by Major Countries, Growth and Forecast To 2021 Liquid Toothpaste Industry research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 15, 2017 ) Publisher's Liquid Toothpaste market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry analysis of the key factors influencing the market. Global Liquid Toothpaste Market: Product Segment Analysis Liquid Gelatinous Global Liquid Toothpaste Market: Application Segment Analysis Adults liquid toothpaste Children liquid toothpaste For More Information About This Report: http://www.reportsweb.com/world-liquid-toothpaste-market-research-report-2021 Global Liquid Toothpaste Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe SEA China India The players mentioned in our report Colgate-Palmolive (US) P&G (US) GlaxoSmithKline (UK) Church & Dwight (US) Johnson & Johnson (US) henkel (DE) LION (JP) Sunstar (JP) Boryung (KR) Zettoc (JP) DIO (KR) Request Sample Copy At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001588771/sample Table of Content Chapter 1 About the Liquid Toothpaste Industry Chapter 2 World Market Competition Landscape Chapter 3 World Liquid Toothpaste Industry Market share Chapter 4 Supply Chain Analysis Chapter 5 Company Profiles Chapter 6 Globalization & Trade Chapter 7 Distributors and Customers Chapter 8 Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries Chapter 9 World Liquid Toothpaste Industry Market forecast through 2021 Chapter 10 Key success factors and Market Overview Inquire For This Report At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001588771/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Arun Patil World Capric Acid Market 2017-2021: Industry Consumption, Suppliers, Rivalry, Customers, Geography, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares & Forecast Global Capric Acid Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Capric Acid industry. The Capric Acid Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 6.85% during the years 2017-2021. Capric Acid Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Capric Acid market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Capric Acid Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10430964 Capric Acid Market Segmentation by: End-Users:  cosmetics and personal care industry, food and beverage industry, pharmaceutical industry, other industries. The Capric Acid Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Growth in food and beverage industry, Growing awareness of grooming and personal hygiene, Distinct properties of capric acid. Challenges:  Volatility in raw material prices, Unpredictable weather condition, Threat of substitutes. Trends:  Growing investments in flavor and fragrance market, Economic growth in APAC, High demand for capric acid from pharmaceutical industry. Browse Detailed Information on Global Capric Acid Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10430964 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Capric Acid market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Capric Acid industry. Key Vendors:  Ecogreen Oleochemicals, Henan Eastar Chemicals, P&G, Temix Oleo, VVF, and many more. The Capric Acid Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10430964 The Capric Acid market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Capric Acid market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Capric Acid industry before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Capric Acid Industry, Capric Acid Industry growth, Capric Acid Market, Capric Acid Market analysis, Capric Acid Market forecast, Capric Acid Market growth, Capric Acid Market Research, Capric Acid Market shares, Capric Acid Market Trends, Global 1 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Chlorophenyl isocyanate Market: Industry Segment by Production, Consumption and Revenue by 2022 Next PostNext IMMIGRANT WORKING HARD TO HELP LOCAL SMALL BUSINESSES GROW Search Recent Posts SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by Certain Officers and Directors of Forterra, Inc. Reopening of meat exports to Iran is like a new market Call for activating mentorships MSCI Equity Indexes May 2017 Index Review Extended partnership agreement with Electricity Authority RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Global Baby Wipes Market Report Shows Analysis , Segmentation, Buying criteria, Product portfolio, Recent developments, Forecast to 2019 BABY WIPES  Scope of the Report: About this Report Baby wipes are made from non-woven fabrics and are saturated with a solution of gentle cleansing ingredients. They are typically sold in plastic tubs that keep them moist and allow for easy dispensing. TechNavio’s analysts forecast the Global Baby Wipes market to grow at a CAGR of 5.4 percent during the period 2014-2019.. . Covered in this Report This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Global Baby Wipes market for the period 2015-2019. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated through the sales of baby wipes worldwide. The Global Baby Wipes market is divided into the following segments based on technology: • Spunlace • Airlaid • Coform • Needlepunch • Composite • Others    Request For Sample Report@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/38497-global-baby-wipes-market-2015-2019 TechNavio’s report, Global Baby Wipes Market 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers North America, Western Europe, the APAC region, and the ROW; it also covers the Global Baby Wipes market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Regions • APAC • North America • ROW • Western Europe Key Vendors • Johnson & Johnson • Kimberly-Clark • Procter & Gamble • Unicharm Other Prominent Vendors • Babisil • Cotton Babies • Farlin • Hengan • Himalayas Wellness • Pigeon Market Driver • Increased Awareness on Health and Hygiene • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Challenge • Declining Birth Rates in Developed Countries • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Trend • Emergence of Private-label Brands • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key Questions Answered in this Report • What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? For any Questions related to Baby Wipes you can contact us @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/38497-global-baby-wipes-market-2015-2019 Key Regions Americas • APAC • EMEA Key vendors • Bosch • Continental • Delphi • TRW Automotive Other prominent vendors • Autoliv • FLIR systems • Hella • Hyundai Mobis • Infineon Technologies • Toyoda Gosei Market driver  • Growing demand for safety solutions • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Competitive positioning • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend  • Steering toward driverless vehicles • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report  • What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?  Complete Report: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/38497-global-baby-wipes-market-2015-2019  List of Abbreviations  PART 01: Executive summary  02. List of Abbreviations 03. Scope of the Report     03.1 Market Overview 03.2 Product Offerings 04. Market Research Methodology 04.1 Market Research Process 04.2 Research Methodology 05. Introduction 06. Market Landscape     06.1 Global Baby Care Market: Market Overview 06.1.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.2 Global Wipes Market 06.2.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.3 Global Baby Wipes Market 06.3.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.4 Five Forces Analysis 07. Global Baby Wipes Market by Technology     07.1 Global Baby Wipes Market by Spunlace Technology 07.1.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.2 Global Baby Wipes Market by Airlaid Technology 07.2.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.3 Global Baby Wipes Market by Coform Technology 07.3.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.4 Global Baby Wipes Market by Needlepunch Technology 07.4.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.5 Global Baby Wipes Market by Composite Technology 07.5.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.6 Global Baby Wipes Market by Other Technologies 07.6.1 Market Size and Forecast 08. Geographical Segmentation     08.1 Baby Wipes Market in North America 08.1.1 Market Size and Forecast 08.2 Baby Wipes Market in Western Europe 08.2.1 Market Size and Forecast 08.3 Baby Wipes Market in APAC Region 08.3.1 Market Size and Forecast 08.4 Baby Wipes Market in ROW 08.4.1 Market Size and Forecast 09. Key Emerging Countries 10. Buying Criteria 11. Market Growth Drivers 12. Drivers and their Impact 13. Market Challenges 14. Impact of Drivers and Challenges 15. Market Trends 16. Trends and their Impact 17. Vendor Landscape     17.1 Competitive Scenario 17.2 Market Share Analysis 2014 17.3 Other Prominent Vendors 18. Key Vendor Analysis     18.1 Kimberly-Clark 18.1.1 Key Facts 18.1.2 Business Overview 18.1.3 Revenue by Business Segmentation 2013 18.1.4 Revenue by Business Segmentation 2012 and 2013 18.1.5 Sales by Geography 18.1.6 Business Strategy 18.1.7 Key Developments 18.1.8 SWOT Analysis 18.2 P&G 18.2.1 Key Facts 18.2.2 Business Overview 18.2.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 18.2.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 18.2.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 18.2.6 Business Strategy 18.2.7 Recent Developments 18.2.8 SWOT Analysis 18.3 Unicharm 18.3.1 Key Facts 18.3.2 Business Overview 18.3.3 Business Segmentation 18.3.4 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2014 18.3.5 Business Strategy 18.3.6 SWOT Analysis 18.4 Johnson & Johnson 18.4.1 Key Facts 18.4.2 Business Overview 18.4.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 18.4.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 18.4.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 18.4.6 Business Strategy 18.4.7 Recent Developments 18.4.8 SWOT Analysis 19. Other Prominent Vendors  19.1 Babisil 19.2 Cotton Babies 19.3 Farlin 19.4 Hengan 19.5 Himalaya Wellness 19.6 Pigeon Continued…………… Visit to our official website on Linkedin@ https://goo.gl/CQPn5j CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBaby Wipes Industry, Baby Wipes manufacturing, Baby Wipes Market growth, Baby Wipes Market segmentation, Baby Wipes Market trends, Business, Global 1 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Park Electrochemical Corp. Announces Appointment of John Jamieson as President of Neltec, Inc. Business Unit Next PostNext INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. of Commencement of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of June 26, 2017 – CFG Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Fortune Insiders Search Search bill gatesBill Gates Advises College Graduates on Today’s Most Promising Careers Most Powerful WomenGretchen Carlson: Reporting Sexual Harassment to HR Can Backfire Ford MotorFord Motor Is Set to Slash About 10 % of Its Global Workforce, Report Says CybersecurityThe Wannacry Cyber Attack Puts NSA Hacking Back Into Focus Courtesy of Dove UK/YouTube Commentary dove body wash How Unilever Risked Too Much on Dove to Appeal to Women Paul Earle May 15, 2017 Unilever recently unveiled a line of Dove Body Wash bottles in the U.K. designed to evoke various shapes of women’s figures. There is a tall, thin one; a shorter, rather rotund one; and a third with seemingly no distinctive characteristics whatsoever (and which one is that, Unilever? Normal? Average? Control sample? Each cascading answer is worse). Understandably, the backlash was swift as women around the world took to social media to criticize this experiment. Changing the Dove name to “Pigeon” would have gone over better. How much damage has been done to the Dove brand equity, one of Unilever’s (un) crown jewels? While difficult to quantify, the answer certainly is: a lot. The brand, known for its famously empathetic “Real Beauty” campaign, now has an untold number of women who see this as tarnish to the brand. The Dove kerfuffle is a cautionary tale about the downside risk to which corporations expose themselves when they lean too heavily on their core brands as housing for new products and designs. Parking innovation ideas within a short list of power brands is a practice that began, in earnest, in the early 2000s. You can understand the rationale: Historically, creating new brands is expensive. And if you have a powerful brand, like Dove, why not use it? That’s where the problems start. Related Leadership4 Rules All Working Moms Should Follow Leadership 4 Rules All Working Moms Should Follow For example, Kellogg’s Co. (k) became so enamored by its core Special K brand that a huge proportion of new product ideas throughout the company were eventually force-fit into that platform. Special K is now a multidimensional empire well beyond breakfast cereal, but the “Special K or bust” strategy was also creatively limiting. Big brands are great at telling internal innovation teams what to do, but they just as firmly instruct what they are not to do. Independent upstarts aren’t so hamstrung, and consumers—especially millennials—are increasingly taking to the ideas they perceive to be more authentic and fresher. Kraft Heinz’s (khc) Mio, the colorful water enhancer, was one notable exception to the new brand drought of the dark 2000s. The company, Kraft Foods at the time, hadn’t successfully launched a true breakthrough new brand since DiGiorno pizza decades earlier—and came this close to missing the Mio opportunity, too. The underlying technology was originally conceived as a Crystal Light flanker, which—had it been implemented under that banner—would not have had nearly the impact achieved by the gleaming new Mio brand in the sea of other Crystal Light products. See also: Dove Body Wash Bottles Show How Using Feminism To Sell Products Can Backfire Today’s big marketers need more Mios. They ought to begin creating new brands again. Aside from mitigating the risks to their core assets, doing so helps them play catch-up in a consumer sector that is marked by highly creative new brands being formed on the outside. For the corporation, freeing themselves of what I call “Core Branditis” is a win-win for the parent company and the brand. Procter & Gamble (pg) just recently launched Spin, a new laundry and dry-cleaning delivery service, and new brand. The corporate innovation and new ventures class I co-teach at Northwestern’s Kellogg School of Management visited the Spin team’s skunkworks in Chicago earlier this week, and talked about the branding decisions for this innovation. “Spin” is clearly the lead mark, but carries the powerful Tide mark as an indication of source, which amounts to a smart hedge. If Spin succeeds, as I believe it will, it might eventually be able to live as a brand on its own. And if it doesn’t, the risks to Tide are contained. Another strategy big marketers should consider is using external enterprises as hosts. Angel’s Envy, a new spirits brand to which I contributed in its early days, took a strategic investment from the behemoth Bacardi almost right from the start. Bacardi was pining for an “in” to the exploding premium bourbon space, but wisely concluded it would be better to have an outsider do it for them. Once Angel’s Envy proved its mettle, Bacardi bought out the rest of the company, getting what it wanted with close to zero risk to its core operation and brands. Big marketers have everything it takes to be potent machines for new brand creation: great people, resources, all of it. What’s more, creating new brands is easier today than ever before, thanks to new technologies enabling faster, better prototyping; new retail channels like e-commerce; a growing startup ecosystem ripe for partnerships; and new media channels that enable marketers to build awareness at a fraction of the cost in the old days. Taking risks in the world of brands and innovation is required for progress. Bad taste and judgment notwithstanding, Unilever should be applauded for trying something so bold and new. It should have used a new brand as a guinea pig, however, and its peers should take heed. Paul Earle is an adjunct lecturer of innovation and entrepreneurship at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management and principal of Paul Earle & Co. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ADDING MULTIMEDIA Tide PODS plus Downy and TTC Treat Toronto Better TORONTO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–This Monday, May 15, NEW Tide PODS plus Downy will treat Toronto commuters better by handing out complimentary tokens at Union Station. Tide PODS plus Downy is providing free Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) rides as part of the #TreatThemBetter program during the morning and afternoon rush, while quantities last (or up to 25,000 rides). “NEW Tide PODS plus Downy treats your clothes better and we thought it would it would be fitting to celebrate the launch by handing out complimentary tokens and treating Torontonians better too,” said Corinne Durieu, Tide Communications Manager. “With today’s busy lifestyle, convenience is important whether it’s the morning commute or doing laundry. Tide PODS plus Downy can help with that by cleaning and conditioning in just one, easy step.” Tide PODS plus Downy laundry detergent pacs treat clothes better, by offering the trusted Tide clean, now with Downy Fabric Conditioner. The 4-in-1 laundry pacs clean, brighten colours, fight stains and protect clothes from damage while in the wash. In one step, the technology can clean and condition, helping safeguard from stretching and fading in the wash. WHAT:   NEW Tide PODS plus Downy and the TTC are treating Toronto better by handing out free rides at Union Station   WHEN: Monday, May 15, 2017 Morning Rush (6:30 a.m. to 11:00 a.m.) Afternoon Rush (5:00 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.) While quantities last (up to 25,000 rides)   WHERE: Union Station Main Concourse, North Platform: Pre-Fare Area Main Concourse, South Platform: Pre-Fare Area RBC: PATH to Union Station About P&G P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Modified Bitumen Market – Size, Projections, Drivers, Trends, Vendors, and Analysis Through 2021 by Technavio Next PostNext Perfluoroelastomer Market with Geographic Segmentation, Statistical Forecast and Competitive Analysis Report to 2021 Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
ADDING MULTIMEDIA Tide PODS plus Downy and TTC Treat Toronto Better This morning, NEW Tide PODS Plus Downy helped treat Toronto commuters better by handing out complimentary tokens at Union Station (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? This morning, NEW Tide PODS Plus Downy helped treat Toronto commuters better by handing out complimentary tokens at Union Station (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Tide PODS Plus Downy is providing free Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) rides as part of the #TreatThemBetter program during the afternoon rush (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail NEW Tide PODS Plus Downy and the TTC are treating Toronto better by handing out free rides at Union Station (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 15, 2017 02:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time TORONTO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--This Monday, May 15, NEW Tide PODS plus Downy will treat Toronto commuters better by handing out complimentary tokens at Union Station. Tide PODS plus Downy is providing free Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) rides as part of the #TreatThemBetter program during the morning and afternoon rush, while quantities last (or up to 25,000 rides). “NEW Tide PODS plus Downy treats your clothes better and we thought it would it would be fitting to celebrate the launch by handing out complimentary tokens and treating Torontonians better too,” said Corinne Durieu, Tide Communications Manager. “With today’s busy lifestyle, convenience is important whether it’s the morning commute or doing laundry. Tide PODS plus Downy can help with that by cleaning and conditioning in just one, easy step.” Tide PODS plus Downy laundry detergent pacs treat clothes better, by offering the trusted Tide clean, now with Downy Fabric Conditioner. The 4-in-1 laundry pacs clean, brighten colours, fight stains and protect clothes from damage while in the wash. In one step, the technology can clean and condition, helping safeguard from stretching and fading in the wash. WHAT:   NEW Tide PODS plus Downy and the TTC are treating Toronto better by handing out free rides at Union Station   WHEN: Monday, May 15, 2017 Morning Rush (6:30 a.m. to 11:00 a.m.) Afternoon Rush (5:00 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.) While quantities last (up to 25,000 rides)   WHERE: Union Station Main Concourse, North Platform: Pre-Fare Area Main Concourse, South Platform: Pre-Fare Area RBC: PATH to Union Station About P&G P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts P&G Canada Corinne Durieu, 416-730-4087 Fabric Care Communications Manager durieu.c@pg.com or Porter Novelli Melissa Arnold, 416-422-7206 melissa.arnold@porternovelli.com Release Summary May 15, NEW Tide PODS plus Downy will treat Toronto commuters better by handing out 25,000 complimentary tokens at Union Station. Contacts P&G Canada Corinne Durieu, 416-730-4087 Fabric Care Communications Manager durieu.c@pg.com or Porter Novelli Melissa Arnold, 416-422-7206 melissa.arnold@porternovelli.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman LoneStar Restaurant Supply Still on the Rise and Announces a Promotion and a New Hire to Cultivate and Build New Market Position and Industry Relationships DALLAS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–LoneStar Restaurant Supply, a division of ABC Hotel and Restaurant Supply, Inc., announced the promotion of Drew Mallett to Corporate Chef and appointment of industry veteran Ken Harrison as Business Development Manager. Drew Mallett is based out of the South Central Region of Texas and brings a unique combination of corporate and culinary experience. He is no stranger to kitchen operations in a variety of environments, from fine dining to private clubs to corporate dining. Mallett previously served as Business Development Manager and will continue to drive existing and new sales opportunities, but will focus on culinary trends and strategies to better serve a niche market from a culinary perspective. He is a graduate of Pennsylvania Culinary Institute and Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts. Ken Harrison will drive existing and new sales opportunities in the South Central Region of Texas. He will work closely with LoneStar’s sales and marketing teams, as well as customers, dealers and distributor networks. In his 25+ years of foodservice sales experience, Harrison has held sales management positions and has worked for some of the largest food manufacturers in the world, including Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble, Quaker Oats and Sara Lee, and has managed and sold products through broad line distributors like Sysco, US Foods and Ben E Keith. “Drew and Ken bring tremendous experience to these roles,” said Darren Anderson, President and COO of ABC Hotel and Restaurant Supply, Inc. “Their industry knowledge and experience will help ensure that we remain a cutting edge industry leader in the foodservice industry.” LoneStar will be participating as a sponsor for Taste Addison that will take place May 19-21. The event will take place at Addison Circle Park located at 4970 Addison Circle Dr., Addison, TX 75001. Over the course of the weekend, it is expected to be over 50,000 attendees. About LoneStar: Headquartered in Austin, Texas, LoneStar is one of several private equity backed brands under the ABCHRS, Inc. banner that are changing the way restaurant operators manage their equipment and smallwares supply chain. LoneStar offers solutions for new restaurant construction, remodels, conversions, roll outs and replenishment as well as special logistics services. Visit our website at www.lonestarrs.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious All Wheel Drive (AWD) Tractor: Global Industry Trends and Forecast Analysis 2017-2021 Next PostNext Global Container Fleet Market Research Report 2017 to 2025 – GMR Search Recent Posts Costar Technologies, Inc. (CSTI: OTC Pink Limited) | Costar Technologies, Inc. Announces Financial Results For the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Marcus Hiles Delighted to Learn of More Jobs Created by Texas than Any Other State Jay Eitner, Eitner Education Founder, Attends New Jersey Edcamp Leadership Summit CATALYST FUND SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Reminds Investors of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Catalyst Hedged Futures Strategy Fund – (HFXAX, HFXCX, HFXIX) BARRICK GOLD SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Reminds Investors with Losses in Excess of $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Barrick Gold Corporation RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Can Trade Desk Stock Keep Going After Last Week's 30% Pop? The programmatic advertising specialist moves higher after once again blowing the cover off of its revenue guidance. Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) May 15, 2017 at 9:21AM One of last week's biggest winners was The Trade Desk (NASDAQ:TTD), moving 29.52% higher after posting better-than-expected quarterly results. At least four analysts would jack up their price targets on the provider of next-gen marketing solutions. Revenue rose 76% to hit $53.4 million in the first quarter, well ahead of the $43 million it was forecasting just three months earlier. Analysts were holding out for only 43% in top-line growth. Adjusted earnings doubled to $0.18 a share, in line with expectations.  Trouncing expectations on one end of the income statement turned heads, but Trade Desk's guidance confirms that this won't just be a one-time event. It initiated guidance for the second quarter, and the $67 million in revenue it's targeting was comfortably above Wall Street's target of $60.7 million. Trade Desk is also jacking up its top-line outlook for all of 2017, going from $270 million to $291 million.  Image source: The Trade Desk.   Wall Street steps up Several analysts responded to Trade Desk's blowout performance by raising the bar of their bullishness. Kip Paulson at Cantor Fitzgerald upgraded the stock from "neutral" to "overweight" and is increasing his price target from $40 to $55.  Brian Fitzgerald at Jefferies was already bullish on Trade Desk, but with the company now 3-for-3 since going public at $18 in September, it's hard to bet against a stock that's up 188% in its brief life as a public company. Fitzgerald is encouraged by Trade Desk's ability to outgrow the industry, as its programmatic advertising platform continues to gain momentum. His price goal is going from $41 to $57.  Mark Mahaney at RBC Capital is also jacking up his price target on Trade Desk stock from $45 to $65. Last week's report validated his "outperform" rating, as Trade Desk keeps beating and raising its own guidance.  Finally we have Kerry Rice at Needham juicing his price goal from $48 to $56. He sees mobile, video, and international expansion as the keys to incremental revenue growth this year. Rice is also encouraged by new customer wins. Advertising Age reported earlier this month that Procter & Gamble was shifting some of its programmatic digital-media-buying operation to Trade Desk. The consumer-brand behemoth is cutting ties with AudienceScience as its exclusive provider when its contract ends next month, according to the report.  Trade Desk has become a market darling in its first eight months of trading. Programmatic advertising is undeniably catching on, letting software improve the way marketing dollars are allocated. Trade Desk's revenue has risen by at least 70% in its first three quarters on the market. The $67 million it's targeting for the current quarter would represent just 42% growth since the prior year, but we saw what happened when it was eyeing just 41% in revenue growth during the first quarter. As long as Trade Desk keeps obliterating the growth targets that it seems to be conservatively setting, momentum will be on its side.  Rick Munarriz has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends The Trade Desk. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Rick has been writing for Motley Fool since 1995 where he's a Consumer and Tech Stocks Specialist. Yes, that's a long time with more than 20,000 bylines over those 22 years. He's been an analyst for Motley Fool Rule Breakers and a portfolio lead analyst for Motley Fool Supernova since each newsletter service's inception. He earned his BBA and MBA from the University of Miami, and he splits his time living in Miami, Florida and Celebration, Florida. Follow @market Article Info May 15, 2017 at 9:21AM Technology and Telecom Stocks The Trade Desk NASDAQ:TTD $53.57 up $1.67 (3.22%) Read More Answered! How Frequently Should I Pay Off My Credit Cards? 3 Key Takeaways From Cirrus Logic's Q4 Earnings FANG Stocks Are Absolutely Crushing It in 2017 -- Time to Buy, Sell, or Hold? Here's an Easy Way to Estimate Compound Interest Why the IoT Matters So Much to Verizon Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Can Trade Desk Stock Keep Going After Last Week's 30% Pop? @themotleyfool #stocks $TTD
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman StepStone Hospitality Expands Management Portfolio With Addition of Hilton Cincinnati Netherlands Plaza PROVIDENCE, R.I.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–StepStone Hospitality, a premier hotel management company specializing in hotel, restaurant and renovation management, today announced the addition of the 561-guestroom, including 73 suites, Hilton Cincinnati Netherlands Plaza, bringing its third-party management portfolio to 17 hotels. The hotel is owned by Belvedere Corporation, a local Cincinnati real estate company that was purchased by Greg Power in 2014. “We are excited to bring the StepStone Hospitality team on board,” Power stated. “Their operational expertise and hands-on approach will help maintain and improve guest experience and overall hotel performance in this iconic Cincinnati property.” “The Hilton Cincinnati Netherlands Plaza is the second full-service Hilton addition to our rapidly expanding portfolio of third-party hotel management contracts we’ve announced over the past two months, and 2017 already is on track to be a strong year of growth for our company,” said Tom Russo, StepStone’s chief executive officer. “We continue to focus on opportunities for full- and select-service hotels, boutique and/or branded, in markets with barriers to new entry where we feel we can contribute meaningfully to the property’s bottom line.” The Hilton Cincinnati Netherlands Plaza Located one block from the Duke Energy Convention Center at 35 West Fifth Street, the Hilton Cincinnati Netherland Plaza is a charter member of Historic Hotels of America, as well as a registered National Landmark and a member of the National Register of Historic Places. The hotel is connected via skywalks to restaurants, shopping and area businesses and is two blocks from a Cincinnati Bell Connector Streetcar stop with connections to multiple, popular area destinations. One of the world’s finest examples of French Art Deco architecture, the hotel features rare Brazilian rosewood, Italian marble and free-flowing designs on the etched Benedict metal elevator doors showcasing herons and a lotus floral arrangement capped by a small light symbolizing the sun. The hotel provides more than 40,000 square feet of meeting space, from boardrooms to ballrooms, including the Hall of Mirrors, one of the Midwest’s most breathtaking event spaces. Additional amenities include a full-service business center, fitness room, indoor heated pool, barbershop and beauty salon. A seven-time winner of Hilton’s #1 Food and Beverage Hotels in North America, the hotel also is home to Ohio’s only AAA Five-Diamond fine dining restaurant, Orchids at Palm Court. Other onsite dining options include the Grille at Palm Court and the Bar at Palm Court. “Cincinnati is one of the fastest growing cities in the Midwest and is home to such Fortune 500 companies as Proctor & Gamble, Macy’s and The Kroger Company,” said Blair Wills, StepStone’s president and chief operating officer. “Combined with world-famous sports teams, high caliber art and nightlife and arguably some of the world’s best chili, the Queen City is regaining its form as a Midwestern destination of choice. We are confident that the implementation of our proprietary management and marketing systems will help the Hilton Cincinnati Netherlands Plaza expand its role as the preferred hotel for upscale business and leisure travelers in the marketplace.” About StepStone Hospitality Rhode Island-based StepStone Hospitality specializes in management of boutique, full and select-service hotels and restaurants to maximize value to StepStone clients. The company provides a unique combination of strong, hands-on operations, strategic management and food and beverage expertise, while maintaining a balanced focus between revenue enhancement, margin expansion, and guest satisfaction. StepStone Hospitality currently manages hotels under the Hilton, Marriott, Starwood and InterContinental Hotel family of brands, as well as independent properties. Additional information about StepStone Hospitality portfolio is available at www.stepstonehospitality.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Research Explores Demand on Younger Rugby Union Players Next PostNext DigitalGlobe to Provide Elevation Data to Rise Broadband for Wireless Internet Service Provisioning Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CHEP Signs New Agreement with Cott to Become Its Pallet Provider in the U.S. ATLANTA–(BUSINESS WIRE)–CHEP, the global leader in pooling and supply chain management solutions for the supply of pooled pallets in the United States, has signed a new three-year agreement with Cott Corporation (NYSE:COT; TSX:BCB), one of the world’s largest producers of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. The agreement makes CHEP a valued partner to Cott in North America. “We are delighted to have the opportunity to serve Cott. We look forward to working with them to create value beyond just meeting their pallet needs, helping to make their supply chain more efficient, cost-effective and sustainable,” said Laura Nador, President, CHEP USA. CHEP’s Supply Chain Solutions leverage the company’s outstanding end-to-end supply chain expertise to help customers improve efficiency, reduce costs and increase sales. CHEP Solutions include Transportation Optimization, Unit Load Optimization, Product Damage Reduction, Packaging Performance Testing, Value Stream Mapping and Environmental Sustainability. “Cott’s tremendous scale and expertise in the beverage industry and CHEP’s Supply Chain Solutions expertise form a powerful partnership that will help generate a significant return on investment for both companies,” concluded Ms. Nador. About CHEP CHEP is a global provider of supply chain solutions serving the consumer goods, fresh food, beverage, manufacturing and retail sectors in more than 60 countries. CHEP offers a wide range of logistics and operational platforms and support services that are designed to increase performance and lower risk while improving environmental sustainability. CHEP’s 11,500-plus employees and more than 275 million pallets and containers deliver comprehensive coverage and exceptional value, supporting more than 500,000 customer touch-points for global brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kellogg’s and Nestlé. CHEP is part of the Brambles Group, the operator of a portfolio that includes IFCO, the leading provider of Reusable Plastic Containers (RPCs) to the fresh food supply chain globally, as well as specialized container solutions to the automotive sector. For more information, visit the company’s website at www.chep.com or follow us on Twitter @CHEPna, LinkedIn and YouTube channel. About Cott Corporation Cott is a diversified beverage company with the largest volume-based national presence in the North America and European home and office bottled water delivery industry, a leader in custom coffee roasting and blending of iced tea for the U.S. foodservice industry, and one of the world’s largest producers of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. Our platform reaches over 2.3 million customers or delivery points across North America and Europe supported by strategically located sales and distribution facilities and fleets, as well as wholesalers and distributors. This enables us to efficiently service residences, businesses, restaurant chains, hotels and motels, small and large retailers, and healthcare facilities. Website: www.cott.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Amazon.com Dives into Summer with the Launch of Its 2017 Summer Toy List Next PostNext Oscar-Nominated Director Ted Melfi Directs New Advertising Campaign for Havertys Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CHEP Signs New Agreement with Cott to Become Its Pallet Provider in the U.S. ATLANTA–(BUSINESS WIRE)–CHEP, the global leader in pooling and supply chain management solutions for the supply of pooled pallets in the United States, has signed a new three-year agreement with Cott Corporation (NYSE:COT; TSX:BCB), one of the world’s largest producers of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. The agreement makes CHEP a valued partner to Cott in North America. “We are delighted to have the opportunity to serve Cott. We look forward to working with them to create value beyond just meeting their pallet needs, helping to make their supply chain more efficient, cost-effective and sustainable,” said Laura Nador, President, CHEP USA. CHEP’s Supply Chain Solutions leverage the company’s outstanding end-to-end supply chain expertise to help customers improve efficiency, reduce costs and increase sales. CHEP Solutions include Transportation Optimization, Unit Load Optimization, Product Damage Reduction, Packaging Performance Testing, Value Stream Mapping and Environmental Sustainability. “Cott’s tremendous scale and expertise in the beverage industry and CHEP’s Supply Chain Solutions expertise form a powerful partnership that will help generate a significant return on investment for both companies,” concluded Ms. Nador. About CHEP CHEP is a global provider of supply chain solutions serving the consumer goods, fresh food, beverage, manufacturing and retail sectors in more than 60 countries. CHEP offers a wide range of logistics and operational platforms and support services that are designed to increase performance and lower risk while improving environmental sustainability. CHEP’s 11,500-plus employees and more than 275 million pallets and containers deliver comprehensive coverage and exceptional value, supporting more than 500,000 customer touch-points for global brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kellogg’s and Nestlé. CHEP is part of the Brambles Group, the operator of a portfolio that includes IFCO, the leading provider of Reusable Plastic Containers (RPCs) to the fresh food supply chain globally, as well as specialized container solutions to the automotive sector. For more information, visit the company’s website at www.chep.com or follow us on Twitter @CHEPna, LinkedIn and YouTube channel. About Cott Corporation Cott is a diversified beverage company with the largest volume-based national presence in the North America and European home and office bottled water delivery industry, a leader in custom coffee roasting and blending of iced tea for the U.S. foodservice industry, and one of the world’s largest producers of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. Our platform reaches over 2.3 million customers or delivery points across North America and Europe supported by strategically located sales and distribution facilities and fleets, as well as wholesalers and distributors. This enables us to efficiently service residences, businesses, restaurant chains, hotels and motels, small and large retailers, and healthcare facilities. Website: www.cott.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Amazon.com Dives into Summer with the Launch of Its 2017 Summer Toy List Next PostNext Oscar-Nominated Director Ted Melfi Directs New Advertising Campaign for Havertys Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CHEP Signs New Agreement with Cott to Become Its Pallet Provider in the U.S. ATLANTA–(BUSINESS WIRE)–CHEP, the global leader in pooling and supply chain management solutions for the supply of pooled pallets in the United States, has signed a new three-year agreement with Cott Corporation (NYSE:COT; TSX:BCB), one of the world’s largest producers of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. The agreement makes CHEP a valued partner to Cott in North America. “We are delighted to have the opportunity to serve Cott. We look forward to working with them to create value beyond just meeting their pallet needs, helping to make their supply chain more efficient, cost-effective and sustainable,” said Laura Nador, President, CHEP USA. CHEP’s Supply Chain Solutions leverage the company’s outstanding end-to-end supply chain expertise to help customers improve efficiency, reduce costs and increase sales. CHEP Solutions include Transportation Optimization, Unit Load Optimization, Product Damage Reduction, Packaging Performance Testing, Value Stream Mapping and Environmental Sustainability. “Cott’s tremendous scale and expertise in the beverage industry and CHEP’s Supply Chain Solutions expertise form a powerful partnership that will help generate a significant return on investment for both companies,” concluded Ms. Nador. About CHEP CHEP is a global provider of supply chain solutions serving the consumer goods, fresh food, beverage, manufacturing and retail sectors in more than 60 countries. CHEP offers a wide range of logistics and operational platforms and support services that are designed to increase performance and lower risk while improving environmental sustainability. CHEP’s 11,500-plus employees and more than 275 million pallets and containers deliver comprehensive coverage and exceptional value, supporting more than 500,000 customer touch-points for global brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kellogg’s and Nestlé. CHEP is part of the Brambles Group, the operator of a portfolio that includes IFCO, the leading provider of Reusable Plastic Containers (RPCs) to the fresh food supply chain globally, as well as specialized container solutions to the automotive sector. For more information, visit the company’s website at www.chep.com or follow us on Twitter @CHEPna, LinkedIn and YouTube channel. About Cott Corporation Cott is a diversified beverage company with the largest volume-based national presence in the North America and European home and office bottled water delivery industry, a leader in custom coffee roasting and blending of iced tea for the U.S. foodservice industry, and one of the world’s largest producers of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. Our platform reaches over 2.3 million customers or delivery points across North America and Europe supported by strategically located sales and distribution facilities and fleets, as well as wholesalers and distributors. This enables us to efficiently service residences, businesses, restaurant chains, hotels and motels, small and large retailers, and healthcare facilities. Website: www.cott.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Amazon.com Dives into Summer with the Launch of Its 2017 Summer Toy List Next PostNext Oscar-Nominated Director Ted Melfi Directs New Advertising Campaign for Havertys Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,982 +85.33 +0.41% Nasdaq 6,150 +28.44 +0.46% S&P 500 2,402 +11.42 +0.48% 3:03 A.M. ET EasyJet shares fall 3.6% after larger-than-expected quarterly loss 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,788.87 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens lower by 0.5% at 5,391.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens down 1 point at 7,453.71 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens lower by 0.2% at 395.26 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why stock-market investors are falling back in love with Europe 2:52 A.M. ET The world leader posing the biggest threat to global economy isn’t Trump 2:50 A.M. ET Inmarsat launches 4th broadband satellite 2:49 A.M. ET Akers Biosciences narrows loss, but revenue falls 2:49 A.M. ET EasyJet loss deepens as Brexit-hit pound bites 2:46 A.M. ET BOJ's Kuroda: Exit from QE should go 'quite well' 2:45 A.M. ET Premier Foods swings to full-year pretax profit 2:33 A.M. ET Kuroda Avoids Saying if He Will Serve Another BOJ Term 1:26 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices add to gains, driven by hopes of output-cut extensions 12:36 A.M. ET Ex-U.S. Diplomat Says Trump Administration Lacks North Korea Experience 5/15 Elliott Management revises BHP restructuring plan 5/15 Sourcing Giant: China Consumers Drive Innovation 5/15 Mixed bag for Asian stocks as Nikkei gets back on track 5/15 Updated White House in damage-control mode after report Trump revealed secrets 5/15 Trump revealed sensitive intel to Russians, U.S. officials say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance FA Center Get email alerts Meet the rare investment adviser who still picks stocks for his clients By Morey Stettner Published: May 15, 2017 10:30 a.m. ET Share Amid a rush to passive investments, financial planner Scott Snider is an avid stock picker By MoreyStettner Scott Snider Scott Snider. As investing trends go, passivity is in. Advisers increasingly rely on index funds or robo platforms to manage their clients’ investments, rather than sift through individual stocks to buy and sell them. Study after study seems to reinforce the belief that active portfolio managers do not outperform big, prepackaged baskets of stocks. Just don’t tell Scott Snider. Snider, a certified financial planner in Jacksonville, Fla., has no beef with low-cost index funds. But he’s an avid stock picker at heart. “I’m always looking for new companies to add,” Snider said. “I see stocks as a way to buy something that’s mispriced, and it’s good to buy at a discount. With some mutual funds, you own stocks that aren’t mispriced. They may even be overpriced.” Snider, 33, started his firm Mellen Money Management in 2016. During a 6 ½-year stint as an adviser working for a bank, he came to realize the advantages of selecting stocks and embracing a buy-and-hold strategy. Reviewing client accounts in that job, he was struck by the wealth generated by patient investors with a fondness for dividend-paying stocks. A bank customer who had accumulated $1 million in General Mills GIS, +0.20%   stock told Snider, “People won’t stop eating cereal.” “He held a much larger concentration in a position than I was taught,” Snider recalled. “But it got me thinking.” He began dabbling in stocks on his own. Soon, he was hooked. Today, Snider explains to clients that he views stocks as a key piece of a well-rounded portfolio. Depending on each person’s age, risk tolerance and other factors, he might invest 10% to 20% of assets in individual equities. He parks the rest mostly in index funds and other passive investments. Many of Snider’s peers — advisers in their late 20s and 30s—flock to passive instruments such as index funds and ETFs to allocate their clients’ assets. As online portfolio management tools go mainstream (even Fidelity offers its Fidelity Go “digital first” service), advisers are using automated robo platforms more than ever. Thanks to the algorithms that drive robos’ performance, advisers can help clients invest in groupings of stocks (by sector, risk level, etc.) — and automatically rebalance their portfolio — at low cost and with minimal time expended. The upshot is many advisers no longer pick stocks at all. Snider opts for what he describes as “good, boring, dividend payers” such as utilities and consumer staples such as Procter & Gamble PG, +0.16%  . For those willing to take more risk, he might throw in a few high-beta selections such as Mobileye MBLY, +0.23%   — a winner after Intel’s recent announcement to buy it — and Under Armour UAA, -1.41%   — a former highflier that hit the skids. Setting realistic expectations is a vital part of his job. If clients assume he will trounce the market averages year after year, he disabuses them of that notion. “Trying to beat the benchmarks is a crazy game,” he said. “I tell clients they have to think long-term, not get caught up in day-to-day or month-to-month or year-to-year.” Nevertheless, many clients initially question Snider’s intent to pick stocks and express what he describes as “a common surprised reaction.” Perhaps that’s because the tide is heading the other way: Investors have pulled $330 billion from active U.S. mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the past 15 months as passive products like index funds gained $765.5 billion, according to Morningstar. In time, however, clients often share Snider’s affinity for stocks. Better yet, they become more engaged in the investment process. “There’s a value in clients knowing exactly what they own,” he said. “When they see a company’s name, it’s a much easier conversation when the market goes down. They tend to understand a stock better than they understand a mutual fund or ETF.” Snider acknowledges that his commitment to stocks can hamper his ability to grow his practice. He’s a diligent researcher of potential buys, and analyzing a company’s fundamentals takes time away from prospecting and other business tasks. “Some advisers think that buying individual stocks isn’t scalable, that it takes away from revenue-generating activities,” he said. “But I’m buying stocks for multiple accounts.” To manage his time, Snider allots chunks of Monday and Friday to conduct intensive research. This frees him to focus on client service and other aspects of his practice the rest of the week. He also adopts a flexible attitude. A few clients reject the idea of owning handpicked stocks, so Snider accommodates them. “You have to be open-minded to what they want to accomplish and fit it into your philosophy and approach,” he said. “You want to make them comfortable.” For others, the allure of owning certain stocks brings them to Snider in the first place. He recalls meeting an investor in his 60s who told his former adviser to buy rail company CSX CSX, -1.53%  . The adviser replied, “I’m sorry, but buying individual stock just isn’t something that we do.” Suffice it to say, he’s now Scott Snider’s satisfied client. More from MarketWatch SolarCity CEO Lyndon Rive to leave Tesla This man lives with his five young kids in a 1,050-square-foot apartment Meet Amazon’s first customer — this is the book he bought Quote References GIS +0.11 +0.20% PG +0.14 +0.16% MBLY +0.14 +0.23% UAA -0.29 -1.41% CSX -0.80 -1.53% Show all references Most Popular This chart makes Apple, Facebook and Alphabet look like one-trick ponies The stock-market storm is coming—but the reason might surprise investors This man lives with his five young kids in a 1,050-square-foot apartment Meet Amazon’s first customer — this is the book he bought This is the new American dream Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.63% 30 yr fixed 3.93% 15 yr fixed 3.12% 10 yr fixed 2.97% 30 yr fixed refi 3.92% 15 yr fixed refi 3.14% 5/1 ARM 3.19% 5/1 ARM refi 3.28% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.85% $50K HELOC 4.89% $75K HELOC 4.89% $100K HELOC 4.65% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.24% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.67% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.9% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.64% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.21% 48 Mo Used Car 3.17% 36 Mo Used Car 3.43% 72 Mo New Car 3.25% 60 Mo New Car 3.34% 48 Mo New Car 3.2% 60 Mo Auto Refi 3% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.73% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.66% 12.70% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.08% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.88% 15.87% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.28% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found General Mills Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GIS $56.36 +0.11 (+0.20%) Volume 2.1M Open $56.32 High $56.59 Low $56.18 P/E Ratio 20.87 Div Yield 3.41 Market Cap 32.4B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.33 +0.14 (+0.16%) Volume 5.4M Open $86.65 High $86.71 Low $86.25 P/E Ratio 24.57 Div Yield 3.2 Market Cap 220.4B Mobileye N.V. U.S.: NYSE: MBLY $61.80 +0.14 (+0.23%) Volume 2.5M Open $61.70 High $61.80 Low $61.69 P/E Ratio 137.33 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.7B Under Armour Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: UAA $20.29 -0.29 (-1.41%) Volume 4.0M Open $20.62 High $20.84 Low $20.18 P/E Ratio 50.99 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 8.7B CSX Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSX $51.34 -0.80 (-1.53%) Volume 8.3M Open $52.11 High $52.27 Low $51.30 P/E Ratio 28.05 Div Yield 1.56 Market Cap 48.1B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Glycerol Market Growth Forecast Shows 8.73% CAGR to 2021 Glycerol Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Glycerol industry. The Glycerol Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 8.73% during the years 2017-2021. Glycerol is also referred to as glycerin, 1,2,3-trihydroxypropane, and 1,2,3-propanetriol. Glycerol and glycerin are interchangeably used in the market as both refer to the same chemical compound. Glycerol is typically used to refer to the chemical compound, whereas glycerin is the commercial term. Glycerol is found naturally in the form of triglycerides in several animal and plant sources such as tallow, palm, and soybeans. Various processing methods such as transesterification, hydrolysis, and saponification are used to produce glycerol. The Report analysts forecast the global glycerol market to grow at a CAGR of 8.73% during the period 2017-2021. Request a sample copy of Glycerol Market Research Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/54077/?utm_source=OP… Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global glycerol market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: APAC, Europe, North America, ROW The report, Global Glycerol Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors Emery Oleochemicals, IOI Group, Kuala Lumpur Kepong Berhad, Oleon, Wilmar International Other prominent vendors Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill, CREMER OLEO, Croda International, Godrej Industries, Procter & Gamble, Kao Market driver Positive attitude of government agencies toward environment-friendly products., For a full, detailed list, view our report The listed pricing for this Glycerol Market report starts at $ 3500. Request Discount for Glycerol Market Research Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/54077/?utm… Market challenge Fluctuating price of raw materials., For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Increasing demand from pharmaceuticals industry., For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be What are the key market trends What is driving this market What are the challenges to market growth?, Who are the key vendors in this market space?, What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?, What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors Browse full table of contents and data tables for Glycerol Market Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/global-glycerol-market Related Reports: – Global Titanium Powder Sales Market Report 2017 In this report, the global Titanium Powder market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. marketsizeforecasters.com/global-titanium-powder-sales-ma… MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: marketsizeforecasters.com/news This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Reasons for Tremendous Growth of Global Agile Application Life-Cycle Management Market during 2016-2021 Next PostNext Latest Report on 2017 Transmission Control Unit (TCU) Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-ANI » Business Telangana stands number one in number of digital transactions: KTR We didn't perform as unit, says RCB's Gayle Business Standard GSK Consumer Healthcare appoints Vikram Bahl as Area Marketing Lead ANI  |  New Delhi [India]  May 15, 2017 Last Updated at 17:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVj5mj ALSO READ India shouldn't get carried away after win against Nepal, says women's football coach Anti-dumping duty imposed on jute from Bangladesh, Nepal IRCTC ties up with GSAs of Bangladesh 'Nepal, B'desh, India should cooperate in hydropower projects' Indian eves shouldn't get carried away after win against Nepal, says hockey head coach GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd. on Monday announced the appointment of Vikram Bahl as the Area Marketing Lead for Nutrition and Digestive Health for ISC. Vikram will be based in Gurugram and report into Manoj Kumar, Managing Director, GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd. He succeeds Prashant Pandey who moves to Bangladesh as General Manager - MyBaN (Myanmar, Bangladesh and Nepal). Vikram joins GSK from Kellogg where he was the Global Innovation Lead for wholesome and savory snacks, based out of their headquarters in the US. "We are pleased to welcome Vikram on board. He brings with him over 23 years of rich experience and in-depth knowledge working across various FMCG companies globally and India. With such extensive experience in driving businesses and building brands, I am confident that Vikram will help us in taking the Nutrition & Digestive Health category to greater heights," said MD GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd., Manoj Kumar. "I also take this opportunity to thank Prashant for his immense contribution to the ISC business where he has made significant contributions to the Nutrition & Digestive Health category in various capacities since 2008," added Kumar. "I am absolutely thrilled to be back in India with GSK - a company that has many iconic science based brands that are a part of our everyday lives and also being a part of the growth trajectory of the subcontinent. I am looking forward to working with the team to accelerate growth by keeping current consumers engaged while driving more recruitment to the categories with innovative insights based marketing leveraging both traditional and new age media," said Vikram Bahl on his appointment. Vikram brings with him over 23 years of experience in leading companies like Gillette, P&G and Kellogg working across a wide range of roles and geographies. He holds a Mathematics degree from St. Stephen's college and MBA from IIM Bangalore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Bangladesh | India | Nepal | News-ani | Business PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep GSK Consumer Healthcare appoints Vikram Bahl as Area Marketing Lead GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd. on Monday announced the appointment of Vikram Bahl as the Area Marketing Lead for Nutrition and Digestive Health for ISC.Vikram will be based in Gurugram and report into Manoj Kumar, Managing Director, GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd.He succeeds Prashant Pandey who moves to Bangladesh as General Manager - MyBaN (Myanmar, Bangladesh and Nepal).Vikram joins GSK from Kellogg where he was the Global Innovation Lead for wholesome and savory snacks, based out of their headquarters in the US."We are pleased to welcome Vikram on board. He brings with him over 23 years of rich experience and in-depth knowledge working across various FMCG companies globally and India. With such extensive experience in driving businesses and building brands, I am confident that Vikram will help us in taking the Nutrition & Digestive Health category to greater heights," said MD GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd., Manoj Kumar."I also take this opportunity to thank Prashant for his immense ... GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd. on Monday announced the appointment of Vikram Bahl as the Area Marketing Lead for Nutrition and Digestive Health for ISC. Vikram will be based in Gurugram and report into Manoj Kumar, Managing Director, GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd. He succeeds Prashant Pandey who moves to Bangladesh as General Manager - MyBaN (Myanmar, Bangladesh and Nepal). Vikram joins GSK from Kellogg where he was the Global Innovation Lead for wholesome and savory snacks, based out of their headquarters in the US. "We are pleased to welcome Vikram on board. He brings with him over 23 years of rich experience and in-depth knowledge working across various FMCG companies globally and India. With such extensive experience in driving businesses and building brands, I am confident that Vikram will help us in taking the Nutrition & Digestive Health category to greater heights," said MD GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd., Manoj Kumar. "I also take this opportunity to thank Prashant for his immense contribution to the ISC business where he has made significant contributions to the Nutrition & Digestive Health category in various capacities since 2008," added Kumar. "I am absolutely thrilled to be back in India with GSK - a company that has many iconic science based brands that are a part of our everyday lives and also being a part of the growth trajectory of the subcontinent. I am looking forward to working with the team to accelerate growth by keeping current consumers engaged while driving more recruitment to the categories with innovative insights based marketing leveraging both traditional and new age media," said Vikram Bahl on his appointment. Vikram brings with him over 23 years of experience in leading companies like Gillette, P&G and Kellogg working across a wide range of roles and geographies. He holds a Mathematics degree from St. Stephen's college and MBA from IIM Bangalore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 GSK Consumer Healthcare appoints Vikram Bahl as Area Marketing Lead GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd. on Monday announced the appointment of Vikram Bahl as the Area Marketing Lead for Nutrition and Digestive Health for ISC. Vikram will be based in Gurugram and report into Manoj Kumar, Managing Director, GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd. He succeeds Prashant Pandey who moves to Bangladesh as General Manager - MyBaN (Myanmar, Bangladesh and Nepal). Vikram joins GSK from Kellogg where he was the Global Innovation Lead for wholesome and savory snacks, based out of their headquarters in the US. "We are pleased to welcome Vikram on board. He brings with him over 23 years of rich experience and in-depth knowledge working across various FMCG companies globally and India. With such extensive experience in driving businesses and building brands, I am confident that Vikram will help us in taking the Nutrition & Digestive Health category to greater heights," said MD GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd., Manoj Kumar. "I also take this opportunity to thank Prashant for his immense contribution to the ISC business where he has made significant contributions to the Nutrition & Digestive Health category in various capacities since 2008," added Kumar. "I am absolutely thrilled to be back in India with GSK - a company that has many iconic science based brands that are a part of our everyday lives and also being a part of the growth trajectory of the subcontinent. I am looking forward to working with the team to accelerate growth by keeping current consumers engaged while driving more recruitment to the categories with innovative insights based marketing leveraging both traditional and new age media," said Vikram Bahl on his appointment. Vikram brings with him over 23 years of experience in leading companies like Gillette, P&G and Kellogg working across a wide range of roles and geographies. He holds a Mathematics degree from St. Stephen's college and MBA from IIM Bangalore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Events Webinars Newsletter Jobs Skip to content DiversityInc Top 50 Career Advice Diversity Management News Toggle navigation Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to real all comments Cox Names Len Barlik Chief Operations Officer “No matter the role, Len’s approach is always characterized by a long-range, strategic vision, a sense of urgency and the ability to move an organization to deliver on its strategy,” said Pat Esser, president, Cox Communications. By DiversityInc Staff / May 15, 2017 Cox Communications (No. 18 on the DiversityInc Top 50 Companies list) has announced that Len Barlik will now serve as the company’s executive vice president and chief operations officer. Barlik joined Cox in 2011 as executive vice president of product management and development. During his tenure in that role, Cox launched several transformational products such as Contour, the company’s flagship video product, Gigabit broadband speeds for residential customers and the Homelife home security and automation portfolio. Barlik also established a consistent and streamlined process for product development that accelerated speed to market and improved collaboration across the business. Most recently, he served as chief human resources officer where Barlik similarly realigned leadership, processes and tools to better equip the evolving workforce to meet customer needs. “No matter the role, Len’s approach is always characterized by a long-range, strategic vision, a sense of urgency and the ability to move an organization to deliver on its strategy,” said Pat Esser, president, Cox Communications. “As chief operations officer, Len will ensure that our marketplace strategies are tightly aligned with our operating principles so that we can continue to improve the customer experience and grow the company.” As executive vice president and chief operations officer, Barlik will oversee field operations, customer experience, care operations, field service strategy, operations process management and public affairs. A veteran leader, Barlik served in vice president roles of product development, technology research and corporate strategy for Sprint Nextel Corporation and held various engineering and manufacturing operations management positions at Procter & Gamble. Barlik holds bachelor’s degrees in engineering and computer science from Lafayette College and an MBA from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business. Tags: Cox Communications Len Barlik Sponsored Content Recommended Articles CVS Health Stockholders Elect Mary L. Schapiro as New Director Shareholders of CVS Health voted to elect Schapiro, the 29th chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), as a new member of the company’s Board. U.S. Bank Names Mark Herman Salt Lake City Market President Herman will succeed Damon Miller who has recently announced his retirement. TD Wealth Hires James Nesci as Head of National Sales Nesci brings more than 20 years of experience. PwC: Why People Matter More than Ever in Financial Services "In the automated world, people are more important than ever for the financial services industry," writes Jon Terry. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. *Your email address will not be published « Previous Article     Next Article » MOST POPULAR Steve Harvey’s Rules to Staff: Don’t Talk to Me DeVos Booed at HBCU Graduation White Cop Faces Racism in Police Department After Discovering Black Ancestry White Nationalists Harass Black AU Student as FBI Investigates Nooses Found Kamala Plain Spoken About Comey, Feinstein Fumfers WEBINAR LIBRARY   Member-Only! How to Attract and Hire Diverse Executives How to Encourage White Men to Push for Change Accountability, Diversity Metrics in Scorecards and Dashboards Should Senior Leaders Address Racial Tensions in the U.S.? Rebooting Your Executive Diversity Council Sign Up Your email will not be added to any promotional lists. Please select the DiversityInc newsletters/alerts that you would like to receive. News Events Web Seminars DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Magazine Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs What eg. Web Designer Where eg. New York, NY or 90210 TRENDING NOW DeVos Booed at HBCU Graduation 37 comments Steve Harvey’s Rules to Staff: Don’t Talk to Me 30 comments White Nationalists Harass Black AU Student as FBI Investigates Nooses Found 7 comments Comey Firing Furthers Russia Suspicions 7 comments Senators on Defensive Over All-Male Healthcare Panel 5 comments ABOUT CONTACT US DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Top 50 List Top 50 Lists Since 2001 About the Top 50 Process Methodology FAQ Participate in the Top 50 Products and Services Benchmarking DiversityInc Best Practices Events Job Board Magazine Webinar Series Media Kit Rate Card and Circulation Advertise on DiversityInc.com DiversityInc Magazine Specs DiversityInc Best Practices Spring Event Sponsorship Information Fall Event Sponsorship Information Career Branding Package Online Job Board © Copyright 2017 — DiversityInc. All Rights Reserved. × This post has been shared. Thank you! Send To Up To 5 Email Recipients* Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (5 recipients max.) Your Name* Your Email Address* Send email Cancel ×
        AutoGuide.com RVguide.com Motorcycle ATV.com Snowmobile.com PersonalWatercraft.com Login Register Home News Car Reviews Editorials Video Product Reviews Tips and Advice Contact FAQ Forum No Fixed Abode: The Doctor’s Kia and the Patient’s Porsches 2017 Ford Fusion Sport – Embrace Your Pragmatic Inner Child The Pretty New Porsche Panamera Is Already Way More Popular than the Ugly Old Porsche Panamera Ever Was QOTD: Do You Still Want A BMW? QOTD: The Greatest Killer of All Time? 2017 Hyundai Elantra Sport Review – Best Version of Hyundai’s Best Vehicle 2015 Ford Fiesta 1.0 EcoBoost Long-Term Test – The First Year Choose category AcuraAlfa RomeoAston MartinAudiBentleyBMWBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerCitroenDaciaDaihatsuDatsunDodgeFerrariFiatFordGenesisGMCHoldenHondaHyundaiInfinitiInternational HarvesterIran KhodroIsuzuJaguarJeepKiaLamborghiniLand RoverLexusLincolnLotusLynk & CoMaseratiMazdaMcLarenMercedes-BenzMercuryMGMINIMitsubishiNissanOldsmobileOpelOtherPeugeotPlymouthPontiacPorscheRamRemix ReviewRenaultRolls-RoyceSaabSaturnScionsmartSubaruSuzukiTataTeslaToyotaVauxhallVolkswagenVolvoŠkoda Find Reviews by Make: The Truth About Cars | Behind The Scenes | Editorials Your Dirty Questions Answered at The Car Wash Show 2017 By Sajeev Mehta on May 15, 2017 Tweet Some trade shows embrace the purist of missions, refraining from creating pointless content in hopes of mindless media coverage. The Car Wash Show caters to professionals in the car-care business with nary a sensationalist notion and not an autoblogger in sight on the show floor. This show isn’t about clicks, reach or engagement. Which was precisely why I attended, embedded with my Mumbai-based cousin in the trade to learn more. Not that the show was all business. There were several vehicles pointlessly getting “washed” by dry brushes to garner attention. From those tacky POS baubles and accessories to the coolest tech for automated car washes, everything a car wash or quick lube (or both) owner needs was at the show. I saw big vendors known around the world, met little guys (mostly from the U.S. and China) obviously hungry for business, and plenty in between. How many ways can you dress up an editorial about a trade show without resorting to SEMA-like cliches? To wit, I will answer The Best and Brightest’s queries: Jeff Waingrow: Why is it necessary, in automated car washes, to put an utterly disgusting smelling “perfume” in the soap that is sprayed onto the vehicle? My cars and garage reek from it for days. Does anyone actually like this? SM: This was, ironically, the item my cousin wanted to import to his Mumbai operation. And there were at least 10 vendors devoting large amounts of their booth to this, as people want their car to smell like something better than a used, dirty car. So yes, people love it and it’s both a personal and a cultural preference. Zoomzoomfan: Will there ever be a car wash (with brushes) that doesn’t scratch a vehicle’s paint all to hell? SM: Until mankind designs a way to touch something with zero friction, I recommend you stick to touch-less machines. Or scratch wash it yourself. FormerFF: What product do they have/recommend for application to plastic headlight covers to prevent them from getting cloudy? SM: I only found products to “restore” headlights, from packages with two stages (a liquid abrasive and a glaze/sealer) to full-on orbital power tools with sanding pads. For what it’s worth, I’m happy with doing a semi-annual wax (polymer-based) to the headlights when I do the body. Mikey: Is waxing still necessary with the modern clear coat? What product can I use to beautify and help preserve the “leather” areas of the interior? SM: This was a trade show for people making money off your queries, but the lessons learned there apply to you: Yes, waxing is still necessary and there’s a whole cottage industry of chemists telling you which product is best for your clear coat. Surprisingly, there was little in the way of leather conditioners at the show, but again, there are many blends that do the same thing. I’ve used everything from Obenauf’s to the free lotions you get at hotels. The free stuff’s conditioning power doesn’t last as long, but hey, it’s free. Corey Lewis: What brand of interior cleaning products do the owners of these companies use, assuming they still sometimes clean their own cars? SM: If you think these guys won’t give the ultimate endorsement of their own company, I have some prime beachfront real estate in Wyoming I’d like to show you. Lolcopterpilot: Whatever happened to the Mr. Clean autodry filters? Is there any plan for the company to sell filters again? I haven’t been able to find a similar, easy method to use filtered water to avoid water spots after washing my car. SM: I asked a few people; nobody knew. Not surprised, as this is a personal use tool: Google told me Proctor and Gamble is Mr. Clean’s parent company. It’s no surprise P&G isn’t retailing a somewhat not-disposable product (doesn’t seem to fit their business model), but it still makes the bits you need: Amazon sells the filters. Jammyjo: Is there any alternative to the rail-and-rack system that draws cars through the wash? Damage to alloys with low profile tires is what keeps me from ever using automated washes. SM: Yup, STI Conveyor Systems had its products moving at a pleasant clip throughout the show. It was both impressive and reassuring to see the car wash industry utilizing the latest technology.  Here’s a photo: Here are more shots from the 2017 Car Wash Show: Posted in Behind The Scenes, Editorials Tagged as car care, car wash, Las Vegas, quick lube, the car wash show, the car wash show 2017, trade show Tweet Print More Reviews < Previous Post"First Drive: 2017 Chevy Colorado ZR2 – Cleverer Girl" Next Post >"QOTD: What Strange Object Made a Sudden Impact With Your Ride?" Get the latest TTAC e-Newsletter! Recommended Back to Top End of Comments 16 Comments on “Your Dirty Questions Answered at The Car Wash Show 2017...” -Nate May 15th, 2017 at 9:44 am Pretty neat . . I occasionally use a touch less automated car wash, I wish they’d maintain it though ~ the sprayer bar stopped moving down to reach the grille and bumpers a few years ago and there’s always bulbs out ~ doesn’t look fancy like most of these machines do but no plastic panels to fad and crack and no damn brushes to ruin the paint and rip 30 year old trims and mirrors off…. . -Nate Login to reply brettc May 15th, 2017 at 9:57 am I’m currently paying $15 a month for Scrubadub’s “Express wash” thing where I can go as often as I want. I don’t care how scratched the paint gets now since VW will be getting it back eventually. I do need to hand wash it and get the rail dust and tar off it from the winter. Also needs a wax. I like the Turtle Wax Wash and Dry stuff combined with a Meguiar’s drying towel. I also have the Optima Wax, available on Amazon. However, I won’t subject my wife’s car to Scrubadub’s automated wash since we’re keeping it and it’s blue metallic. I wash hers by hand when I can and hose it off at the coin wash or take it through a touchless wash in the winter time. It would be great if automated washes could actually clean the car without brushes, but I don’t think that can happen. The touchless washes do a ‘good enough for government work’ job at least. Login to reply IHateCars May 15th, 2017 at 12:01 pm I avoid Touch/Touchless altogether as most car washes recycle their water. Depending on how good the filtration systems are, you may be pelting your paint with small particles of grit on the next wash. Login to reply mopar4wd May 15th, 2017 at 12:32 pm It depends here in the NE some of the older ones (pre 1997 or so) still use fresh water but most do know recycle. The recycling on I use near work is fine because I assume the filter system is well maintained. Login to reply JimZ May 15th, 2017 at 9:58 am is there any point to using soaps and conditioners on automotive leather? it’s not like they’re traditionally tanned hides; they’re sealed with so many polymers and whatnot I’d probably rather just have vinyl instead. Login to reply IHateCars May 15th, 2017 at 12:05 pm I use the Leatherique system annually on my interior leather surfaces. You are right in that the leather interiors are pretty well sealed but they still develop a greasy shiny surface due to dirt, lotions, grime on hands, clothes and whatever over time. A good leather cleaner/conditioner will remove those layers of grime and restore the nice matte sheen as it was when new. You can really see the results on leather covered steering wheels in particular. Login to reply Superdessucke May 15th, 2017 at 11:17 pm I’ve had success with Lexol products. It’s kept an E36 BMW M3’s leather looking good for nearly 20 years, which says alot considering those cars did not have the best made leather! Login to reply mopar4wd May 15th, 2017 at 12:33 pm this is an interesting point I used to do leather conditioner on my Durango and Volvo but haven’t the last few years as the kids were beating on it anyways. They seem no worse for it. Login to reply Corey Lewis May 15th, 2017 at 9:58 am Pfft ultimate endorsements are no fun. Login to reply 2drsedanman May 15th, 2017 at 11:10 am I’ve found using my leaf blower after rinsing saves a lot of work on the windows and blows the water out of the mirrors, grill, wheels, etc. I used to do this when I had motorcycles but found it works pretty well on cars too. Login to reply 87 Morgan May 15th, 2017 at 12:18 pm Awesome photo of the 71′ Chevelle. That was the exact color of my 72′ 454 SS. Rare color combo. Login to reply WheelMcCoy May 15th, 2017 at 12:31 pm Thanks Sajeev. You know it’s a serious show when there are no booth babes around. :( My car slipped off the track in an automated car wash. It was in winter, so I bet they didn’t de-ice it properly. Fortunately, they were honest and a man with a clip board met me at the end of the of track. The right side of the front bumper was damaged and they paid for the replacement. Login to reply threeer May 15th, 2017 at 12:53 pm Windows are the ban of my existence when it comes to detailing cars. I’ll spend an entire weekend on a car and wake up the next morning completely frustrated at the windows. Best practices recommendation? Login to reply JMII May 15th, 2017 at 8:45 pm Check out Autogeek.net Seriously the people on those forums are obsessed with car cleaning. I drive by their location every now and then so I decided to look up what they sell. That lead me down a rabbit hole in their forums where I lost hours learning about multi step car cleaning products and procedures I didn’t know even existed. Login to reply zoomzoomfan May 15th, 2017 at 3:35 pm I use the touchless wash during the winter just to get the majority of the salt and crud off the car, but I try to wash it myself during the spring and summer. Have to get up at the ass crack of dawn to beat the brutal Kentucky heat and humidity, though. Good answer to my question. “Until mankind designs a way to touch something without friction…” HA. Login to reply AJ May 15th, 2017 at 5:44 pm Mr. Clean’s filters were great! I have one new on in my garage yet, but the sprayer being plastic fell and broke. I didn’t use their soap, just the filter as it did a great job with the hard water that I have. When they stopped making them, I went to just using them before I would wax (Zaino actually) a car… well before I broke the sprayer. Login to reply Back to TopLeave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Find Car Reviews By Make Acura Ford Lotus Saturn Aston Martin GMC Maserati Scion Audi Honda Mazda smart Bentley Hyundai Mercedes-Benz Subaru BMW Infiniti Mercury Suzuki Buick Jaguar MG Toyota Cadillac Jeep MINI Volkswagen Chevrolet Kia Mitsubishi Volvo Chrysler Lamborghini Nissan Others Citroen Land Rover Porsche Dodge Lexus Pontiac Ferrari Lincoln Saab Receive updates on the best of TheTruthAboutCars.com Latest Car Reviews view all 2018 Honda Odyssey Elite First Drive – A Van For Drivers First Drive: 2017 Chevy Colorado ZR2 – Cleverer Girl You Know The Future For Mini MPVs Is Bleak When Even The Europeans Don’t Want Small Vans 2017 Ford Fusion Sport – Embrace Your Pragmatic Inner Child 2017 GMC Canyon SLE Diesel Review – Is Duramax The Answer To The Midsize Truck Conundrum? 2017 Hyundai Elantra Sport Review – Best Version of Hyundai’s Best Vehicle 2015 Ford Fiesta 1.0 EcoBoost Long-Term Test – The First Year Follow @TTAC Recent Comments Re: Your Dirty Questions Answered at The Car Wash Show 2017 Superdessucke - I’ve had success with Lexol products. It’s kept an E36 BMW M3’s leather looking good for nearly 20 years, which... Re: 2018 Honda Odyssey Elite First Drive – A Van For Drivers thornmark - >>22 years after Chrysler figured out how to do it. did they? they were always needing to be repaired Re: Mazda Wants 2 Percent U.S. Market Share, but Not Just Any Ol’ 2 Percent Market Share Oberkanone - Suzuki, Mitsubishi, Isuzu, and Mazda have all struggled in the US marketplace. They are all still in... Re: QOTD: What Strange Object Made a Sudden Impact With Your Ride? ptschett - I believe it. I was going home from church one Sunday about 16 years ago in my ’96 Ford Thunderbird when I pulled out to... Re: Junkyard Find: 1993 Plymouth Voyager with Five-Speed Manual ToddAtlasF1 - I love the LeMons photo with the Mustang II and the Pinto. Putting them on the track still seems more like performance art than... Re: Mini Draws Line, Won’t Build Any New Models – For a While, Anyway thornmark - So no Mini pickup in the near future. Re: Volkswagen Accused of Unfair Labor Practices at Tennessee Plant thornmark - Some years from now we’ll be reading about which company will be buying the shuttered VW plant in TN. Re: QOTD: What Strange Object Made a Sudden Impact With Your Ride? claytori - Lets start with the wheel bolt off a truck that struck the front edge of left rear fender of my ’68 VW bug. Then there was a... Re: First Drive: 2017 Chevy Colorado ZR2 – Cleverer Girl Hummer - No the fuel economy shouldn’t drop that much. It tells me GM refused to use the proper gear set. In the real world, from my experience... Re: QOTD: Buy Russian? JimC2 - The Lada dealer chain back then cooperated with Rust Check to provide a rust through warranty. Rust Check is (was?) a popular third-party chain of franchises that would oil... Latest Junkyard Finds view all 1993 Plymouth Voyager with Five-Speed Manual 1980 Buick Skylark Limited 1974 Cadillac Fleetwood Sixty Special Brougham 2000 Oldsmobile Intrigue GLS, Phoenix Open Edition 1985 Mitsubishi Galant 1975 Mercedes-Benz 240D 1976 MG MGB Latest Editorials view all Your Dirty Questions Answered at The Car Wash Show 2017 Junkyard Find: 1993 Plymouth Voyager with Five-Speed Manual The Six People You Meet In the Car Business Piston Slap: Car Design Grab Bag! Fields Defends Ford’s Honor in Tense Shareholders Meeting Rare Rides: A Red (Mostly) Suzuki Crapwagon Collection, in Geo Form No Fixed Abode: The Doctor’s Kia and the Patient’s Porsches New Car Research Select a Make Select Make First Get a Free Dealer Quote <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=F">Quote for F</a> Piston Slap Articles Car Design Grab Bag! Upgrading The Fleet? Time to Retire Those Tires? Zoom, Zoom … Wander? A Stern Talkin’ To About OEM Headlamps? The Case for the Front-Mounted Transaxle? Crystal Clear Thoughts on Headlight Upgrades Hammer Time Articles The Real Cost of Being a Car Guy From Old Caddys to VW Crusher Fodder, Steve Lang’s Best of 2015 Why Would Anyone Ever Recommend The Dodge Journey? Why Cheap Cars Don’t Sell Is America’s Last $15,000 Midsize Sedan Worth It? Whatever Happened To Black Friday? How a Smelly Dog Helped Me Buy a Volkswagen Vellum Venom Articles 2017 North American International Auto Show (Part II) 2017 North American International Auto Show (Part I) 1985 Lamborghini Countach LP5000 QV 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata (ND) Innovation, Planned Obsolescence and Fisher Body Pantone 448 C The Proliferation of Plastic Cladding Generation Why Articles Younger Generation at Risk of Being Poorer Than Parents Shifting With The Future At The Hagerty Driving Experience What’s Wrong with Buick, from a Former Buick Owner It’s Time To End The Non-Sporty Coupe I Want My S16 Social Media Is For Social Networking, Not Car Shopping JD Power Says Gen Y Now Buying More Cars Than Gen X Avoidable Contact Articles Thank You And Goodbye (Sort Of) Cayenne won’t help ya, Cayenne won’t do you no good. Who’s afraid of a little integration? Return Of The Mack. An immodest proposal to solve the German nomenclatural nincompoopery. Torture, forgiveness, meaning. This Geneva Convention Was Torture For Enthusiasts Staff Editors Mark Stevenson Managing Editor Steph Willems Associate Editor Timothy Cain Sales Analysis Jack Baruth Editor-at-Large Murilee Martin Junkyard Find Editor Sajeev Mehta Piston Slap Editor Contributors Matthew Guy, Canada Seth Parks, United States Ronnie Schreiber, United States Bozi Tatarevic, United States Chris Tonn, United States Corey Lewis, United States Moderators Adam Tonge, United States Kyree Williams, United States New Cars Used Cars Video Auto Insurance Future Cars Spy Photos Top 10 Compare Cars About Us Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions © 2004 - 2017 The Truth About Cars
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Business News GSK Consumer Healthcare appoints Vikram Bahl as Area Marketing Lead Shares1 Mon, 15 May 2017-05:22pm , ANI GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd. on Monday announced the appointment of Vikram Bahl as the Area Marketing Lead for Nutrition and Digestive Health for ISC. Vikram will be based in Gurugram and report into Manoj Kumar, Managing Director, GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd. He succeeds Prashant Pandey who moves to Bangladesh as General Manager ? MyBaN (Myanmar, Bangladesh and Nepal). Vikram joins GSK from Kellogg where he was the Global Innovation Lead for wholesome and savory snacks, based out of their headquarters in the US. ?We are pleased to welcome Vikram on board. He brings with him over 23 years of rich experience and in-depth knowledge working across various FMCG companies globally and India. With such extensive experience in driving businesses and building brands, I am confident that Vikram will help us in taking the Nutrition & Digestive Health category to greater heights,? said MD GSK Consumer Healthcare Ltd., Manoj Kumar. ?I also take this opportunity to thank Prashant for his immense contribution to the ISC business where he has made significant contributions to the Nutrition & Digestive Health category in various capacities since 2008,? added Kumar. ?I am absolutely thrilled to be back in India with GSK - a company that has many iconic science based brands that are a part of our everyday lives and also being a part of the growth trajectory of the subcontinent. I am looking forward to working with the team to accelerate growth by keeping current consumers engaged while driving more recruitment to the categories with innovative insights based marketing leveraging both traditional and new age media,? said Vikram Bahl on his appointment. Vikram brings with him over 23 years of experience in leading companies like Gillette, P&G and Kellogg working across a wide range of roles and geographies. He holds a Mathematics degree from St. Stephen?s college and MBA from IIM Bangalore. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < China dismisses India's concerns over OBOR, cites international support for venture   Comments   Also Read Money Lost your job? Here's how to manage finances Money Is illiquidity in stocks an opportunity or threat to the investors? Money DNA Money Edit: Vendor interests should be kept in mind in e-commerce mergers Money India largely escapes WannaCry attack Money Supreme Infra faces hurdle in bagging Mumbai project Money Tax dept sees massive changes in run-up to GST < Previous ArticleNext Article > China dismisses India's concerns over OBOR, cites international support for venture Related Iran wants India to pay more than triple the gas price for awarding block to ONGC Videsh PeopleStrong to make two acquisitions this year, eyes biggest HR firm tag Bond yields may test 6.70; compression may follow Video WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg View all Tags United States Manoj Kumar Bangladesh Prashant Pandey General Manager Myanmar Nepal ISC Kellogg Area Marketing FMCG Gillette Gurugram IIM Bangalore P&G SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News INX Media case: CBI raids premises of P Chidambaram, son Turkey orders arrest of 85 ministry staff in post-coup probe - CNN Turk Guj to withdraw proposal to declare nilgai, wild pigs as HC allows minor caught in custody battle to pursue education in the US 'Will not announce in advance': Rajnath Singh hints at retaliation against Pakistan Sport Reuters Sports Schedule at 0645 GMT on Tuesday, May 16 Rugby-Montpellier keen to lure Picamoles back from Northampton Tennis-Time away has been key for Federer, Nadal, says Corretja Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Tuesday, May 16 Recovering KL Rahul eyes Sri Lanka series for comeback Entertainment 'Sarkar 3' and 'Meri Pyaari Bindu' present a SORRY state of affairs at the Box Office! Salman Khan's 'Tubelight' becomes the FIRST movie EVER to have it's own Twitter emoji! Salman Khan records his FIRST Marathi song in 45 minutes! Priyanka Chopra just announced that 'Quantico' WILL have a season 3! After creating immense buzz with its release, his HRX ad ?Keep Going? has now been declared as one of the best 10 ads of the month on YouTube. Money Mumbai, MAY 16 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, MAY 16 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, MAY 16 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Indiana governor welcomes Infosys, announces India visit Goods transporters' strike leaves Karachi paralysed Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
