Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Park National Corp OH Sells 10,387 Shares of Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp Acquires New Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Watch Point Trust Co Reduces Position in General Electric Company (GE) Teachers Advisors LLC Purchases 3,236 Shares of Rambus Inc. (RMBS) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is Indiana Trust & Investment Management CO’s 10th Largest Position Hills Bank & Trust Co. Reduces Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Sold by Hills Bank & Trust Co. Williams Capital Weighs in on SM Energy Co’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SM) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Decreased by Jefferies Group Ascena Retail Group Inc to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.04 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (ASNA) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Decreased by Analyst Seaport Global Securities Weighs in on SandRidge Energy, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SD) Teck Resources Ltd (TECK) Short Interest Update Tactile Systems Technology Inc (TCMD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Decreased by Jefferies Group Builders FirstSource, Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.28 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (BLDR) Barrington Research Weighs in on Cogint, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (COGT) KeyCorp Weighs in on Greif, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GEF) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) to Hold Walt Disney Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (DIS) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Sold by Hills Bank & Trust Co. May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hills Bank & Trust Co. lowered its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 3.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 98,872 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,807 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co makes up about 3.0% of Hills Bank & Trust Co.’s holdings, making the stock its 4th largest position. Hills Bank & Trust Co.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $8,884,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $8,515,000. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $101,000. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. acquired a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $149,000. Finally, Riverpoint Wealth Management Holdings LLC acquired a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $211,000. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 86.24 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $220.57 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.86 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.85 and a 52 week high of $92.00. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $88.12 and its 200-day moving average is $87.14. Procter & Gamble Co also saw unusually large options trading activity on Wednesday. Stock investors purchased 10,086 put options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 1,022% compared to the average daily volume of 899 put options. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The company had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.70 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.86 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st were given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.21%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.73%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/procter-gamble-co-pg-shares-sold-by-hills-bank-trust-co.html. Several research firms have issued reports on PG. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $88.00 to $87.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Vetr upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $96.50 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Co has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $92.34. In other news, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total transaction of $171,185.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 30,952 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,824,370. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total transaction of $5,126,855.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 191,259 shares of company stock valued at $17,159,139 in the last three months. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Fri, May 19 2017. 08 16 AM IST How safe are sanitary pads in India? Since only 12% of menstruating women in India use sanitary napkins, questions haven’t been raised on hygiene and safety standards and practised by the makers Subscribe to our newsletter. Ashwaq Masoodi Padma Shri awardee Arunachalam Murugunantham shows his low-cost sanitary napkin making machine. Photo: HT New Delhi: A woman enters the store, picks up a pack or mumbles the name of the brand she wants under her breath to the storekeeper, who proceeds to wrap the product in an old newspaper and hands it to her in a black plastic bag. She pays in awkward silence before hurriedly exiting the shop. That’s typically how a woman buys a pack of sanitary napkins in India, where the topic of menstrual hygiene is usually not discussed in genteel company, let alone in public. So how does one begin to ask questions about what goes into the making of a product that people are hesitant to even mention aloud? Further, since sanitary napkins are classified as “medical products”, companies are not required by law to disclose what goes into their making on product packs. Procter and Gamble’s Whisper and Johnson and Johnson’s Stayfree brands dominate the Indian sanitary napkins market. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint There is no research to attest that sanitary napkins sold in India are safe. But the use of some chemicals in the feminine hygiene products raises questions over how safe they really are. “It is a sanitary napkin. Its purpose is not just to absorb. Hygiene parameters of the product, of how safe they are, should be disclosed on the packets. Unfortunately, people choose sanitary napkins based on the cost, design and packaging,” said Bhawana Chanana, associate professor in the department of fabric and apparel science at Lady Irwin College, Delhi University. “But the main consideration really should be hygiene— what’s the pH range, for instance. But women don’t ask simply because they are embarrassed and this has worked to the advantage of the manufacturers and sellers,” added Chanana, who said she has come across instances where products rejected in the US or Germany have been recycled in India. "It is a sanitary napkin. Its purpose is not just to absorb. Hygiene parameters of the product, of how safe they are, should be disclosed on the packets. Unfortunately, people choose sanitary napkins based on the cost, design and packaging"- Bhawana Chanana, associate professor, department of fabric and apparel science, Lady Irwin College in Delhi In fact, in 2003, Ahmedabad-based Consumer Education and Research Centre tested 19 brands of sanitary napkins available in the market and found dirt and ants on some of the samples tested. When products in the market are certified by official agencies, consumers assume they are safe. In India, sanitary pads are tested as per standards that haven’t been updated since 1980. “On the basis of that standard, all sanitary pads will pass the tests. This needs to change; more parameters need to be added. We need to have parameters to check how safe these products are,” said Jinoj K., chief executive officer of Wager Hygiene, a maker of health and personal care products including sanitary napkins. Jinoj is also the founder of Chennai-based Centre for Hygiene Research and Development. The Bureau of Indian Standards 1980 specifies tests that are very basic. For instance, to determine whether the absorbent fillers in the sanitary napkins are lumpy and whether the surface of the pads feels soft and comfortable enough. However, there is no requirement to test the toxicity of ingredients. Staffers at non-profit Goonj make sanitary pads from donated clothes. Photograph: Priyanka Parashar/Mint In the US, the Food and Drug Administration guidelines recommend biocompatibility testing of napkins, appropriate for the duration and level of contact of a user with the product. The FDA guidelines also state that the approving authority is aware of risks such as adverse tissue reaction, vaginal injury and toxic shock syndrome, associated with usage of these products and recommends that companies conduct preclinical toxicology and preclinical microbiology tests. The process involved in the making of sanitary pads in India hasn’t changed in decades. The only changes are cosmetic, said nanotechnologist Chandra Shekhar Sharma from the Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad’s department of chemical engineering. “No one denies the health hazards of using these commercially sold napkins. But scientifically there is much more to study before we reach a conclusion. Concerns about certain adverse effects are valid but not yet quantified,” he added. The purpose of a sanitary pad is to absorb and retain menstrual fluid discharge, prevent leaks and of course help a woman stay comfortable. For these reasons, sanitary pads are made of different layers—the cover stock, acquisition and distribution layer, absorbent core, back sheet, and siliconized paper. Sanitary pads are made of different layers—the cover stock, acquisition and distribution layer, absorbent core, back sheet, and siliconized paper. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint “The absorbent layer is the key component of the napkin and the extent to which this layer is able to absorb and retain the fluid determines the efficiency of the napkin. This bulk layer of a napkin is a non woven web, made of hydrophilic cellulosic staple fibers like wood pulp, cotton linters, viscose etc. Most of the wood pulp used for the purpose is imported, and therefore expensive, increasing the overall cost of a sanitary napkin. Cotton is seen as a major fiber poised to replace wood pulp especially in the feminine hygiene products where less bulky is preferred and thinner is better. The high cost of cotton is the reason why it has not been able to replace pulp,” according to Chanana’s paper Design and Development of Low Cost Sanitary Napkins using Cotton Knitwear Waste, published in Health Positive, Journal of Best Practices in Clinical Medicine and Public Health, November 2009. Since absorption is the key to efficiency, products use superabsorbent polymers (SAPs) either in the form of granules within cellulosic fibre matrix or in the form of composite fabric layer. By adding SAPs, the pad can hold water up to 30 times its weight. This absorbent layer, which is the main component, is attached to a permeable top sheet (made of non-woven, mainly spunlace fabric), then attached to a non-permeable bottom sheet (made of polyethylene). The three layers are later glued and sealed to prevent leakage by using heat or ultrasonic vibrations. Sharma’s team is looking at the potential use of electrospun cellulose acetate nanofibres to make the absorbent core of sanitary napkins, instead of SAPs that are currently used. The team uses a technique called electrospinning to produce cellulose based nano-fibers. Nanofibres are generally more than a hundred times thinner than human hair. As the nanofibres have a much larger surface area and porosity, they can absorb much more fluid even without adding SAPs. Sharma said since this is a nano-fabric, its surface finish and also the comfort factor is found to be better than that of regular napkins. A. Muruganatham sanitary napkin-making workshop in Coimbatore. Photo: HT In India, price plays an important role. And, pricing is decided based on what additional features the sanitary pads offer. “The MRP (maximum retail price) depends on the incremental product benefits offered by a particular product, which could be longer length, wider back, superior absorption and wetness protection, or gentleness on skin,” said a P&G India spokesperson. So the add-ons are mostly cosmetic, and not really hygiene related. Srinivas Krishnaswamy of Krya Consumer Products Llp, a company that deals in plant-based products for sustainable urban living, worked with Johnson and Johnson (J&J) India from 2001-09. “Working in the sanitary napkin market, I know that absorption and cost were the only two factors that were taken into consideration. I doubt it has changed,” said Krishnaswamy. The Indian sanitary napkin market at the moment is dominated by P&G and J&J. According to a 2016 report by market researcher Euromonitor International, P&G’s Whisper brand led value sales with a share of 50.4%, followed by J&J’s Stayfree with 23% (with higher usage in rural areas) and Kimberly Clark Corp.’s Kotex with 2.2 %. Chemical concerns Even though all the leading brands in the Indian sanitary market are global ones and sell the same products worldwide, the quality of the chemicals used in India is believed to be inferior. According to a senior executive at one of the sanitary napkin makers, who has worked in both developing and developed countries for close to two decades, use of inferior quality components to reduce cost is not new and companies cannot be blamed as they do not need to comply with any specified safety or hygiene standards in India. “What companies usually follow is the US Food and Drug Administration standards. But the constituents in these pads behave differently in the Indian environment, which is humid and sweaty, as against environments that are cool and dry. But things have improved in the recent years,” the executive said, asking not to be named. The most contested constituents of sanitary pads are dioxins and SAPs. According to a 2016 paper, High absorbency cellulose acetate electrospun nanofibers for feminine hygiene application, by IIT-Hyderabad’s Sharma and his colleagues Shital Yadav, Mani Pujitha Illa and Tulika Rastogi, “Dioxins are used to bleach the cotton/material used for making absorbent core, and it is responsible for side effects in the body such as pelvic inflammatory disease, ovarian cancer, immune system damage, impaired fertility and diabetes. SAPs are added to increase the absorption capacity, but in 1980s, use of SAPs was restricted in tampons (in the US) due to its possible link with toxic shock syndrome, a potentially fatal illness caused by a bacterial toxin.” "What (sanitary napkin) companies usually follow is the US FDA standards. But the constituents in these pads behave differently in the Indian environment, which is humid and sweaty, as against environments that are cool and dry. But things have improved in the recent years"- A senior executive at one of the sanitary napkin makers Due to the omnipresence of dioxins, the World Health Organization says not all the exposure will affect human health. However, due to the highly toxic potential (dioxin accumulates in the body fat and can add up to the residual levels over time), efforts need to be undertaken to reduce current background exposure. A 1993 study (conducted over 10 years) found that 79% of a group of monkeys in the US developed endometriosis (a disorder in which the tissue that forms the lining of the uterus grows outside the uterus) after exposure to dioxin in their food. The severity of endometriosis was directly related to the amount of TCDD (2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin—the most toxic dioxin) to which the monkeys had been exposed. Those that were fed dioxin in amounts as small as five parts per trillion also developed endometriosis. The dioxin-exposed monkeys also showed immune abnormalities similar to those observed in women with endometriosis. “These products seem innocuous but they may be laced with dioxins, petrochemicals, Genetically Modified Organisms and fragrances. When these chemicals come in contact with sensitive skin, tissue may get irritated. Dioxins are carcinogenic in nature hence the risk of cancer increases even at very low levels of exposure,” write Anuradha Barman, S.D. Asagekar and Pooja Katkar in the paper An Overview on Sanitary Napkins published on Technicaltextile.net. Some of the variants of the products sold by P&G come with fragrances. The company does not disclose what fragrance it uses, but states that it meets safety standards set by the International Fragrance Association. Route of exposure Menstrual pads sold commercially are designed in such a way that they have direct contact with the vaginal area. The vulvar and vaginal tissues are structurally different from the skin of the rest of the body, being more permeable and covered in mucous membranes. The mucous membranes and the fact that the walls of the vagina are filled with numerous blood vessels and lymphatic vessels, allow for direct transfer of chemicals into the circulatory system, without being metabolized first. But studies say while rapid absorption can work well when a patient needs a drug delivered rapidly, it may also expose women to higher levels of chemicals from feminine hygiene products since the area of contact has a direct route to a female’s reproductive organs. “Contrary to claims, most of what is in the market doesn’t even use cotton. It is mostly wood pulp. Almost all use the same materials, changes are in the form—how it looks and feels versus what materials are used. As for the chemicals used, every company will say that the quantity of chemicals, SAP or chlorine bleach they use will not kill you,” said Sarah McMillan, business development lead at Saathi Pads, a start-up that makes biodegradable sanitary pads. The plastic revolution changed the nature of the sanitary napkin. SAP and polyethylene (for back cover) made the napkins waterproof. The polypropylene top sheet kept it dry. Today sanitary pads are almost entirely made of plastic material. And even the plastic used is of an inferior quality. “While all our products are required to meet the strict safety expectations of regulatory bodies such as the US Food and Drug Administration, to make sure we meet the highest standards of safety expectations, we also share our feminine care product information with independent experts including medical consultants and university scientists, and publish our safety studies in scientific and medical journals,” the P&G India spokesperson said in an emailed response. Spokespersons for J&J India and Kimberly-Clark (Asia Pacific) declined to comment. Only 12% of menstruating Indian women use sanitary napkins, questions haven’t been raised on how these pads are made and, consequently, there isn’t much pressure on companies to make better quality products Since only 12% of menstruating Indian women use sanitary napkins, questions haven’t been raised over how these pads are made, and consequently there isn’t much pressure on companies to come up with better quality products. Padma Shri awardee Arunachalam Murugunantham, inventor of a low-cost sanitary pad making machine in Tamil Nadu, said those living in the metros tend to think that the real India is the India of the cities. “Ninety per cent of those who don’t even have access to sanitary napkins are facing many more adverse effects than these 10-12% who are using the wrong ones,” said Murugunantham, whose start-up Jayaashree Industries has manufactured more than 1,300 machines that are installed across 27 states in India and seven other countries. "We are fighting to make sanitary pads accessible to every woman. It is because of the ads like those which claim day-long protection that women are misled about the duration for which it is safe to use one pad. If they know they should change after every four hours, they will be saved from infections"- Arunachalam Murugunantham “We are fighting to make sanitary pads accessible to every woman. It is because of the ads like those which claim day-long protection that women are misled about the duration for which it is safe to use one pad. If they know they should change after every four hours, they will be saved from infections,” he added. Even the 12% of Indian women who have access to these products—each one would be using on average 11,000-17,000 sanitary napkins in her lifetime—deserve to know what goes onto and into their bodies. Sounak Mitra contributed to this story. Ashwaq Masoodi Topics: India sanitary napkins safety standards hygiene parameters feminine hygiene products More From Livemint READ MORE Oil ministry may block PSUs buying GDF International’s 10% stake in Petronet LNG LG to bring premium ‘LG Signature’ brand to India in July KEC International bags orders worth Rs945 crore First Published: Fri, May 19 2017. 05 04 AM IST Editor's Picks 10 standout start-ups taking an AI leap in India Do SBI’s fourth quarter results indicate a turnaround in economy? How safe are sanitary pads in India? Latest News Oil ministry may block PSUs buying GDF International’s 10% stake in Petronet LNG LG to bring premium ‘LG Signature’ brand to India in July KEC International bags orders worth Rs945 crore Inflation will fall by 2% on GST implementation: Hasmukh Adhia Kalpataru Power Q4 net profit up 36.54% at Rs89.6 crore Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke - Part 2 Ever wondered if you could implant a memory? The secret of happiness lies in what you do, not what you buy How to conquer Delhi and other tales Letter from a dram Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
BellaNaija Inspired! Home Scoop BN TV Weddings News Music Features Events Movies & TV Style Beauty Career Relationships More Living Inspired! 50,000 Illiterate Bauchi Girls & Women to get ICT Training from UNESCO 20.05.2017 at 11:42 pm By NAN 1 Comment The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) will on Tuesday launch the second phase of its project to empower illiterate girls and women in low Performing Junior Secondary Schools through Information Communication Technology in Bauchi State, an official has said. The project is targeted at 50,000 girls and women, Olushola Macaulay, the National Officer, Communication and Information, UNESCO, said in a statement in Abuja on Saturday. The first phase of the project, “Revitalising Adult and Youth Literacy in Nigeria” supported by the Federal Government, addressed the challenges of illiteracy. In the previous project, 60,000 illiterate women, girls in low Performing Junior Secondary Schools were trained in life skills and use of ICT in the Federal Capital Territory and Rivers in 2016, Macaulay said. According to him, the second phase of the project is funded by Procter and Gamble, an American-based consumer product company, and targets schools in Bauchi State. He said that the strategy to be deployed in the current project would be “School Meets the Learner Approach ’’. This is to empower additional 50,000 illiterate women and girls in low-performing Junior Secondary Schools. The objective of the second phase of the project is to bring schools to the doorsteps of the learners using technology, where learners have difficulties in accessing education in a formal setting. The launch of the project,  School Meets the Learner Approach, marks the beginning of the UNESCO new initiative to Education. This is where ICT devices, such as television, tablets, and mobile phones are deployed to learners in their homes, workplaces to facilitate teaching and learning,” Macaulay said. He said over the years, various government institutions had instituted policies, established structures and supported interventions aimed at addressing the high level of illiteracy in the country. According to him, statistics by the Federal Ministry of Education indicates that only 500,000 out of 40 million adult illiterates are enrolled in adult learning classes. He said there were also  3.5 million school age children roaming the streets with only 450,000 accessing any form of schooling. About NAN The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) was established by the Federal Government of Nigeria in May 1976 to gather and distribute news on Nigeria and cover events of interest to Nigeria at the international level for the benefit of the Nigerian Media and the Public. love this + Comment  1 Tagged With: Bauchi State, Olushola Macaulay, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), The United Nations EducationalFiled Under: News Related Posts Governor Fayose Agrees to ... Pippa Middleton Wears a Piece ... Italian Open: Novak Djokovic ... Trump in Saudi Arabia: US ... « 8 Struggles You Can Relate to if You Are the First Son of Your Family German Policewoman Bibiana Steinhaus will become First Woman ever to Officiate in Europe’s Top Leagues » 1 Comments on 50,000 Illiterate Bauchi Girls & Women to get ICT Training from UNESCO Rubby May 21, 2017 at 5:27 am This is one Amazing story,very laudable,Big up to u UNESCO!!! Love this! 2 Reply Post a comment Name Email Website Cancel reply Recently Gigi Hadid is Space Ready in Harper’s Bazaar’s June 2017 Issue Kendall Jenner Debuts her Appearance at the #Cannes2017 Red carpet in an Epic Way Marriage is not Really on the Cards for Ex One Direction member Liam Payne Gabon’s Aubameyang becomes 2nd African player ever to win Bundesliga Golden Boot Back Together? Kris Jenner & Corey Gamble Step out for Date Night Receive The Perfect Wedding Gifts for Free For Wedding & Proposal Rings. Call: 08094945645. WhatsApp: 08091367085 Chill Out every Thursday at Spiceroute with DJs and Live Band Subscribe to BN via Email! Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Recent Comments john on Man Allegedly Impregnates 13-year old Girl in Aba Gambi on “I Lost $2 million in one day” Papa Kwesi Nduom Speaks on Forbes Africa’s ‘My Worst Day with Peace Hyde’ vicky on Marriage is not Really on the Cards for Ex One Direction member Liam Payne Olori on Lanre Gentry Shows Off his “New Love” on Social Media Oluchi Nweke on Senegalese Designer DIARRABLU uses Mathematics to Create Swimsuits | See the Infinity Campaign © 2017 Bella Naija. All rights reserved| About Us | The Team | Copyright | Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy MENU Home Scoop BN TV Weddings News Music Features Events Movies & TV Style Beauty Career Relationships More Living Inspired! Back Custom Search
null
About Us NAN News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Terms & Conditions Contact Us News – List Large Videos News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) -- May 21, 2017 Follow @nanonlineng News Agency of Nigeria News Politics Sports Entertainment Health LifeStyle Newsroom Login News Agency of Nigeria News Politics Sports Entertainment Health LifeStyle Newsroom Login Trump to address Islamic leaders in Saudi Breaking: Jowhor Ile wins Etisalat Literature Prize Video: Chibok girls reunite with parents Huggings, tears of joy as Chibok girls reunite with parents FG names varsity after late Adebayo Army restates commitment to secure Nigeria In this category: Saudi Arabia U.S. President Donald Trump Etisalat Literature Prize Jowhor Ile Chibok Girls Chibok school girls reunion with parents Adebayo FG Army security Congressman gets lynching threat over Trump’s impeachment call APC wins Katsina bye election APC warns against coup in Nigeria Reps want police dress code enforced I’ll not resign, Brazil president tells critics Trump campaign Russian contacts exposed In this category: African-American congressman Donald Trump impeachment call Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Katsina bye election APC Coup Democracy House of Representatives Inspector-General of Police (IG) Brazil's President Michel Temer Brazilian Democratic Movement Party Corruption allegation U.S. President Donald Trump U.S. presidential campaign Djokovic slays Dominic Thiem Arsene Wenger prays for miracle tomorrow Bundesliga gets first female referee, first in Europe Thiem stops Nadal in Rome Wenger’s Arsenal future will be decided by FA Cup Madrid thrash Celta Vigo, topple Barcelona In this category: Dominic Thiem Italian Masters Novak Djokovic Arsenal Arsene Wenger Bibiana Steinhaus Bundesliga Rafael Nadal Rome Masters tennis news Arsenal FC Celta Vigo La Liga Real Madrid Lanre Gentry, Mercy Aigbe’s hubby, gets new lover Moji Olaiya’s body to be flown home for burial Siblings of Pop Star Prince declared heirs to his estate Mercy Aigbe: Lady accused of sex with hubby demands N500m Banky W drops much awaited video for #Kololo Kim Kardashian hits 100m followers on Instagram In this category: Lanre Gentry Mercy Aigbe burial in Nigeria Governor Ayodele Fayose Moji Olaiya late Pop star Prince Opemititi Ajayi #Kololo Banky W official video Instagram Kim Kardashian Jigawa Govt. recruits 450 health workers Midwives key to rural women’s health – Mrs Saraki Nestle wants urgent action against hypertension Minister urges action against hypertension Diabetic patients to replace insulin with pills Childbirth: Mother donates womb to daughter In this category: health workers Jigawa Midwives Mrs Toyin Saraki Wellbeing Foundation Africa (WBFA) Hypertension Nestle World Hypertension Day Diabetes India Pune's Galaxy Care Hospital Womb donation Nanny slavery: UK court finds the Adewakuns guilty Video: Halima Babangida’s wedding in Minna Abdullahi pays N500k, 10 cows for Halimat Babangida Saudi Arabia, Iran battle for Senegal’s muslims Messi to sign sweetheart ‘contract deal’ in Rosario IBB’s daughter ties the knot Friday In this category: Abimbola Adewakun Dr Ayodeji Adewakun nanny slavery Auwal Abdullahi Halima Babangida wedding in Minna Alhaji Auwal Abdullahi Bride Price General Ibrahim Babangida Iran Shiites Saudi sunnis Senegal muslims Antonella Roccuzzo Lionel Messi Halimat Babangida IBB's daughter marriage UNESCO to empower 50,000 girls, women in ICT 16 hours ago 0 193 0 16 hours ago 0 193 0 Related Aisha Buhari Foundation trains 1, 000 women Nigeria evacuates 41 girls from Mali Japan withholds contribution to UNESCO Nigeria pushes for women’s property rights UNESCO to empower 50,000 girls, women in ICT By Ijeoma Ndubuisi UNESCO will  on Tuesday  launch the  second phase of its project to empower illiterate girls and women in low Performing Junior Secondary Schools through Information Communication Technology in Bauchi State, an official has said. The project is targeted at 50,000 girls and women, Mr Olushola Macaulay, the National Officer, Communication and Information, UNESCO, said in a statement in Abuja on Saturday. The first phase of the project, “Revitalising Adult and Youth Literacy in Nigeria”   supported by the Federal Government,  addressed the  challenges of  illiteracy. In the previous project, 60,000 illiterate women, girls in low Performing Junior Secondary Schools were trained in life skills and  use of ICT in the Federal Capital Territory and Rivers in 2016, Macaulay said. According to him, the second phase of the project is funded by Procter and Gamble, an American-based consumer product company, and targets schools in Bauchi State. He said that the strategy to be deployed in the current project  would be “School Meets the Learner Approach ’’. “This is to empower additional 50,000 illiterate women and girls in low-performing Junior Secondary Schools. “The objective of the second phase of the project is to bring schools to the doorsteps of the learners using technology, where learners have difficulties in accessing education in a formal setting. “The launch of the project,  School Meets the Learner Approach, marks the beginning of the UNESCO new initiative to Education. “This is where ICT devices, such as television, tablets, and mobile phones are deployed to learners in their homes, workplaces to facilitate teaching and learning,” Macaulay said. He said  over the years, various government institutions had instituted policies, established structures and supported interventions aimed at addressing the high level of illiteracy in the country. According to him, statistics by the Federal Ministry of Education indicates that only 500,000 out of 40 million adult illiterates are enrolled in adult learning classes. He said there were also  3.5 million school age children roaming the streets with only 450,000 accessing any form of schooling. I found this interesting I didin't find this interesting Join the Conversation Most Read Metro Breaking: Jowhor Ile wins Etisalat Literature Prize News Shame on those wishing Buhari dead – Adesina News US set to jail Nigerian woman Okeke over sham marriage News 10,000 Nigerians die crossing Mediterranean sea Entertainment Lanre Gentry, Mercy Aigbe’s hubby, gets new lover Latest News Trump to address Islamic leaders in Saudi 20 mins ago Politics Congressman gets lynching threat over Trump’s impeachment call 53 mins ago Politics APC wins Katsina bye election 2 hours ago Entertainment Lanre Gentry, Mercy Aigbe’s hubby, gets new lover 8 hours ago Metro Breaking: Jowhor Ile wins Etisalat Literature Prize 8 hours ago Metro Video: Chibok girls reunite with parents 11 hours ago headlines Huggings, tears of joy as Chibok girls reunite with parents 11 hours ago Sports Djokovic slays Dominic Thiem 12 hours ago Banking CIBN received 136 bank customers’ complaints in 2016 – report 14 hours ago Education FG names varsity after late Adebayo 14 hours ago Load More Failed suicide attack kills bomber in Borno Previous EU opens more educational opportunities to Nigerians Next No one knows Nigeria like NAN With substantial reach and mobility across the 36 states of Nigeria, we are always where the news is. For over three decades, NAN has evolved an efficient and effective news gathering network of professional correspondents and world class information gathering system for credible , unbiased and authoritative news as it breaks. FYI About Us Contact Us Popular Posts Just In: Actress Moji Olaiya dies Nigeria oil, gas provide investments in excess of $50bn – Kachikwu Photo: Hoodlums Kill Alfa Abu, wife and children in Ijebu-Ode Back to top Copyright © 2016 News Agency of Nigeria. Powered by Metric Internet
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Beauty Products These beautiful stocks could boost your annual income, but beware the beastly valuations. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 20, 2017 at 10:00AM Investors often overlook beauty product companies, since they're usually lumped together with bigger and more diversified personal care companies. However, beauty product makers can offer more focused growth than those bigger companies, and their product lines are generally easier to follow. Beauty product stocks usually don't pay out hefty dividends comparable to personal care stalwart Procter & Gamble's (NYSE:PG) 3.2% forward yield. Yet there are still a few beauty companies that pay decent yields. Let's check out three of those potential income plays -- Coty (NYSE:COTY), Inter Parfums (NASDAQ:IPAR), and Estee Lauder (NYSE:EL). Image source: Getty Images. Coty Coty sells a portfolio of more than 77 cosmetics, fragrances, and body care brands in over 130 countries. It produces licensed brands for designers and celebrities, and its top brands include Chloe, Sally Hansen, OPI, Marc Jacobs, and Calvin Klein. It expanded significantly last year when it acquired 43 of P&G's beauty brands for $12.5 billion, which added major brands like Covergirl, Max Factor, Wella, and Clairol to its portfolio. Coty is currently the largest maker of fragrances in the world, the second largest salon hair products maker, and the third largest maker of color cosmetics. Wall Street expects the P&G acquisition to boost Coty's revenue by 74% this year, but acquisition costs could cause its earnings to fall 45%. But after clearing those expenses, analysts expect Coty's revenue and earnings to respectively rise 16% and 21% next year. Coty pays a forward dividend yield of 2.7%. It's only raised that payout for three straight years, but it recently doubled its dividend (to $0.50 per year) and shifted from semi-annual to quarterly payments. Coty's earnings-based payout ratio temporarily exceeds 100% due to the P&G deal, but it only spent 69% of its free cash flow on dividends over the past 12 months -- so it should have plenty of room for future hikes. Inter Parfums Inter Parfums produces licensed fragrances for companies like Abercrombie & Fitch, Coach, Anna Sui, Dunhill, Jimmy Choo, Lanvin, and Montblanc. Its products are sold in over 100 countries worldwide. It runs its business in two divisions -- one in the United States and the other in the European Union. Image source: Getty Images. Inter Parfums' business may sound like a slow growth one, but its growth has been fairly solid. Analysts expect its sales and earnings to respectively rise 9% and 10% this year, fueled by ongoing growth in its core markets (Western Europe and North America) and fresh growth from smaller markets like China and Russia, where the company has invested heavily in new market campaigns and promotions. Inter Parfums pays a forward dividend yield of 1.9%, which is supported by a low earnings-based payout ratio of 51%. The company spent 50% of its free cash flow on dividends over the past 12 months, and it's raised its quarterly dividend annually for four straight years. Estee Lauder Estee Lauder's cosmetics portfolio includes its namesake brand and well-known brands like Aveda, Donna Karan, MAC, Bobbi Brown, La Mer, and Clinique. Estee Lauder also develops licensed fragrances for companies like Michael Kors and Tommy Hilfiger. After a rare annual dip in revenue and earnings in fiscal 2015, Estee Lauder's top and bottom line growth have remained slow but steady. Analysts expect its revenue and earnings to respectively grow 5% and 6% this year, fueled by growth in China, the travel retail channel, and well-performing new brands like Too Faced and BECCA. The company expects those tailwinds to offset tough headwinds like weak foot traffic in U.S. stores; macro challenges in the Middle East, Turkey, and Latin America; and worldwide currency fluctuations. Estee Lauder has raised its quarterly dividend annually for four straight years, and it currently pays a forward yield of 1.5%. That yield might seem low, but the company only spent 43% of its earnings and 39% of its free cash flow on dividends over the past 12 months -- so it still has room to raise its payout. But mind the valuations... Coty, Inter Parfums, and Estee Lauder all look like solid, slow-growth income plays, but investors should be wary of their current valuations. Coty's P/E is currently negative, due to the P&G deal, but its forward P/E merely matches the industry average of 20. Meanwhile, Inter Parfums and Estee Lauder respectively trade at 31 and 29 times earnings -- making them pricey plays for a frothy market. Therefore, investors should probably wait for a pullback before buying any of these income generating beauty plays. For now, they should probably focus on cheaper dividend plays with less downside potential. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Coach. The Motley Fool owns shares of Michael Kors Holdings. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 20, 2017 at 10:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $86.24 up $0.37 (0.43%) Inter Parfums, Inc. NASDAQ:IPAR $34.80 down $0.70 (-1.97%) The Estee Lauder Companies NYSE:EL $92.37 up $0.99 (1.08%) Coty (Class A) NYSE:COTY $18.75 up $0.12 (0.64%) Read More Best Stocks in Beauty Products: Estee Lauder Companies Inc. and Coty Inc. This Cosmetics Giant Owns Most of America's Favorite Brands 2 Stocks to Watch in Beauty Products Best Stocks In Personal Products: Unilever PLC and Estee Lauder Companies Inc 3 Companies Set to Benefit From China Slashing Import and Luxury Taxes The 3 Best Beauty Product Companies to Buy in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Beauty Products @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $IPAR, $EL, $COTY
Home China World Business Culture Sports Sci & Tech Photos Video New China More∨ In-depth Entertainment Special Reports Forum B&R Initiative Bilingual Zone Home Latest News China World Business Photos Video Culture & Edu Sports Sci & Tech Health Special Reports Entertainment New China Editions Asia & Pacific Europe Africa North America 中文 Français Русский Deutsch Español عربي 한국어 日本語 Português Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific عربي Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) Français 日本語 русский Español 한국어 Deutsch Português North America Spotlight: All-time high two-way FDI eye-catching in China-U.S. mutually beneficial ties Source: Xinhua| 2017-05-20 20:20:57|Editor: Tian Shaohui Video PlayerClose File photo taken on Nov. 23, 2016 shows the national flags of the United States and China during the 27th Session of the China-U.S. Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade (JCCT) in Washington D.C., capital of the United States. (Xinhua/Yin Bogu) by Xinhua writers Liming, Qi Zijian, Zhou Xiaozheng NEW YORK, May 19 (Xinhua) -- Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) between China and United States reached an all-time high of 60 billion U.S. dollars in 2016, according to a recent report, which said the figure has elevated the importance of two-way FDI in the two countries' economic relationship. The report, "Two-Way Street: 2017 Update," which was jointly released by the Rhodium Group and the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations on Wednesday, also showed the cumulative value of U.S. FDI in China since 1990 has exceeded 240 billion dollars, while Chinese companies have invested a total of 110 billion dollars in the United States during the same period. In the past few years, China-U.S. FDI has become an increasingly important channel of bilateral interactions, with both countries benefitting greatly from the huge amount of capital flows between them. On the one hand, U.S. investment has been flourishing in China since 1990 thanks to the latter's reform and opening up. Attracted by China' s robust economic growth and booming consumer market, U.S. multinationals have been expanding and deepening their footprints in the country during the past two decades. For American Fortune 500 corporations like Procter & Gamble, Chinese market has been a true wonderland ever since the company's businesses entered China in the late 1980s. For years, China has been the consumer goods tycoon's second largest contributor of global sales after the United States. As China is undergoing profound economic reforms, U.S. capital in China is also shifting from traditional sectors like the food and auto industries to advanced manufacturing and modern services. From Apple's R&D center in Beijing to Walt Disney's theme park in Shanghai, recent deals have demonstrated American investors' profound confidence in the sustainable growth of Chinese economy under a more innovation-driven and consumption-oriented model. On the other hand, Chinese investment in the United States have expanded at a record pace. In 2016, Chinese companies invested 46 billion dollars in the United States, tripling the amount seen in 2015 and a tenfold increase compared to just five years ago, said the report. In search for advanced technology and overseas market, Chinese capital had reached all 50 U.S. states as of 2016, covering a broad spectrum of industries from information and communications technology to real estate, entertainment and financial services. China investment has helped boost economic growth and employment in the United States, which is in line with the policy goals of U.S. President Donald Trump's administration. Meanwhile, another report by the Rhodium Group showed employment by Chinese-owned firms in the United States had jumped ninefold since 2009 to 140,000 jobs last year, echoing Trump's campaign promise to put more Americans back to work. Amid a sluggish global economy and a growing anti-globalization trend, the economic and trade relationship between Beijing and Washington is more important than ever. Leaders from both sides have taken efforts to ensure the stability and prosperity of bilateral ties in this facet. During their meeting last month, Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed to facilitate the healthy development of two-way trade and investment, setting a positive tone for resuming negotiations on a bilateral investment treaty. From Chinese consumers to American blue-collar workers, the two-way FDI has brought great benefits to people in both countries. There is no doubt that it will continue to inject vigor to both economies. KEY WORDS: China-U.S. YOU MAY LIKE China-U.S. two-way FDI reaches all-time high in 2016 China becomes single largest contributor of Africa's FDI: report China's sovereign wealth fund to increase direct investments in U.S. EXPLORE XINHUANET News China World Business Culture Edu Sports Sci Tech Health Entertainment Regions Asia & Pacific Americas Europe Africa Organizations North America Services Investment Doing Business Work in China Study in China Visit in China Live in China Emergency Weather More Photos Video In-depth Special Reports Corrections 010020070750000000000000011100001363008631
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Spotlight: All-time high two-way FDI eye-catching in China-U.S. mutually beneficial ties 2017-05-20 12:25:55 GMT2017-05-20 20:25:55(Beijing Time) Xinhua English by Xinhua writers Liming, Qi Zijian, Zhou Xiaozheng NEW YORK, May 19 (Xinhua) -- Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) between China and United States reached an all-time high of 60 billion U.S. dollars in 2016, according to a recent report, which said the figure has elevated the importance of two-way FDI in the two countries' economic relationship. The report, "Two-Way Street: 2017 Update," which was jointly released by the Rhodium Group and the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations on Wednesday, also showed the cumulative value of U.S. FDI in China since 1990 has exceeded 240 billion dollars, while Chinese companies have invested a total of 110 billion dollars in the United States during the same period. In the past few years, China-U.S. FDI has become an increasingly important channel of bilateral interactions, with both countries benefitting greatly from the huge amount of capital flows between them. On the one hand, U.S. investment has been flourishing in China since 1990 thanks to the latter's reform and opening up. Attracted by China' s robust economic growth and booming consumer market, U.S. multinationals have been expanding and deepening their footprints in the country during the past two decades. For American Fortune 500 corporations like Procter & Gamble, Chinese market has been a true wonderland ever since the company's businesses entered China in the late 1980s. For years, China has been the consumer goods tycoon's second largest contributor of global sales after the United States. As China is undergoing profound economic reforms, U.S. capital in China is also shifting from traditional sectors like the food and auto industries to advanced manufacturing and modern services. From Apple's R&D center in Beijing to Walt Disney's theme park in Shanghai, recent deals have demonstrated American investors' profound confidence in the sustainable growth of Chinese economy under a more innovation-driven and consumption-oriented model. On the other hand, Chinese investment in the United States have expanded at a record pace. In 2016, Chinese companies invested 46 billion dollars in the United States, tripling the amount seen in 2015 and a tenfold increase compared to just five years ago, said the report. In search for advanced technology and overseas market, Chinese capital had reached all 50 U.S. states as of 2016, covering a broad spectrum of industries from information and communications technology to real estate, entertainment and financial services. China investment has helped boost economic growth and employment in the United States, which is in line with the policy goals of U.S. President Donald Trump's administration. Meanwhile, another report by the Rhodium Group showed employment by Chinese-owned firms in the United States had jumped ninefold since 2009 to 140,000 jobs last year, echoing Trump's campaign promise to put more Americans back to work. Amid a sluggish global economy and a growing anti-globalization trend, the economic and trade relationship between Beijing and Washington is more important than ever. Leaders from both sides have taken efforts to ensure the stability and prosperity of bilateral ties in this facet. During their meeting last month, Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed to facilitate the healthy development of two-way trade and investment, setting a positive tone for resuming negotiations on a bilateral investment treaty. From Chinese consumers to American blue-collar workers, the two-way FDI has brought great benefits to people in both countries. There is no doubt that it will continue to inject vigor to both economies. Xi calls for public security forces to be loyal to CPC China, Philippines agree to further improve bilateral ties China Culture and Tourism Festival held in Toronto Objects from Belgravia home of Lord Ballyedmond presented in Sotheby China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea In pics: Bangkok Seashell Museum In pics: road on cliffs of Taihang Mountain in N China In pics: Dongjiang Lake in C China's Hunan | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Model-Based Systems Engineering Expert and Boeing Company Executive, Mark Williams, to Make a Keynote Presentation at CIMdata’s Upcoming Simulation Workshop Model-Based Systems Engineering Expert and Boeing Company Executive, Mark Williams, to Make a Keynote Presentation at CIMdata’s Upcoming Simulation Workshop Presentation will offer attendees insight to large-scale model-based systems engineering at The Boeing Company. Ann Arbor, MI, May 20, 2017 –(PR.com)– CIMdata, Inc., the leading global PLM strategic management consulting and research firm, announces that Mr. Mark Williams, a Lead Project Engineer for The Boeing Company’s Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) organization, will make a keynote presentation at CIMdata’s upcoming workshop at the UI LABS Innovation Center, home to DMDII, in Chicago, Illinois. The workshop will take place on June 6 and 7. In addition to Mr. Williams’ presentation, attendees will hear from: DMDII’s CTO, Brench Boden; renowned rapid product development expert, Dr. Andreas Vlahinos; Deere & Company’s Technology Architect, Roger Burkhart; and Procter & Gamble’s Director for Modeling and Simulation, Mark Mieli. The design and manufacturing improvements implemented by MBSE exposes a wealth of opportunities for improved collaboration between the OEMs and their suppliers. However, the ability to freely exchange MBSE data is dependent on mature standards that are implemented and enforced in the tools. Adopting data standards reveals additional benefits of long term archiving, design data reuse, and stability in downstream procurement and manufacturing systems. In his presentation, Mr. Williams will share some recent examples that show how the industry has made rapid improvements through a unified effort. This CIMdata workshop, is the must-attend event for industrial organizations and solution providers interested in learning more about Model-Based Definition & Collaboration and Simulation-Driven Systems Development. It will provide attendees with independent experiences from industrial companies and a collaborative networking environment where ideas, trends, experiences, and critical relationships germinate and take root. CIMdata’s thought-leadership team of Don Tolle, Dr. Keith Meintjes, Dr. Ken Versprille, Dr. Suna Polat, and Frank Popielas, will be on hand in Chicago to facilitate the workshop and associated discussions. For more information visit http://www.cimdata.com/en/education/knowledge-council-workshops/joint-kc-workshop-2017 About Mark Williams Mark Williams is a Lead Project Engineer for Boeing’s MBSE organization. He is a student of the systems integration technologies, with a focus on data interoperability standards. Over the last 32 years Mark has worked as a systems design lead on multiple Boeing commercial and military programs. He has also been granted four US Patents representing a variety of integration and design verification inventions. About CIMdata CIMdata, a leading independent worldwide firm, provides strategic management consulting to maximize an enterprise’s ability to design and deliver innovative products and services through the application of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions. Since its founding in 1983, CIMdata has delivered world-class knowledge, expertise, and best-practice methods on PLM solutions. These solutions incorporate both business processes and a wide-ranging set of PLM-enabling technologies. CIMdata works with both industrial organizations and providers of technologies and services seeking competitive advantage in the global economy. In addition to consulting, CIMdata conducts research, provides PLM-focused subscription services, and produces several commercial publications. The company also provides industry education through PLM certificate programs, seminars, and conferences worldwide. CIMdata serves clients around the world from offices in North America, Europe, and Asia- Pacific. To learn more about CIMdata’s services, visit our website at www.CIMdata.com, follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/CIMdataPLMNews, or contact CIMdata at: 3909 Research Park Drive, Ann Arbor, MI 48108, USA; Tel: +1 734.668.9922; Fax: +1 734.668.1957; or at Oogststraat 20, 6004 CV Weert, The Netherlands; Tel: +31 (0) 495.533.666. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Healthcare Services Market Research Reports, Competitive Analytics, Trends and Forecast 2017-2021 by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Next PostNext ProParagraph Corporate was released for FCPX by Pixel Film Studios Search Recent Posts New Program to Increase Opportunities for Women in the Solar Industry Launches in Washington D.C. Lyghtt Creates Home Full Moon “ROAD WORK AHEAD” TRAINING SYMPOSIUM PROPELS DBE FIRMS – The Virginia Department of Transportation promotes partnerships to create contract opportunities DJ Khaled surprises statistics graduation Social Forum Calls for Fight Against Corruption, to Defend the Amazon Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   CIMdata Press Release Receive press releases from CIMdata: By Email RSS Feeds: Model-Based Systems Engineering Expert and Boeing Company Executive, Mark Williams, to Make a Keynote Presentation at CIMdatas Upcoming Simulation Workshop Presentation will offer attendees insight to large-scale model-based systems engineering at The Boeing Company. Ann Arbor, MI, May 20, 2017 --(PR.com)-- CIMdata, Inc., the leading global PLM strategic management consulting and research firm, announces that Mr. Mark Williams, a Lead Project Engineer for The Boeing Company's Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) organization, will make a keynote presentation at CIMdata’s upcoming workshop at the UI LABS Innovation Center, home to DMDII, in Chicago, Illinois. The workshop will take place on June 6 and 7. In addition to Mr. Williams’ presentation, attendees will hear from: DMDII’s CTO, Brench Boden; renowned rapid product development expert, Dr. Andreas Vlahinos; Deere & Company’s Technology Architect, Roger Burkhart; and Procter & Gamble’s Director for Modeling and Simulation, Mark Mieli. The design and manufacturing improvements implemented by MBSE exposes a wealth of opportunities for improved collaboration between the OEMs and their suppliers. However, the ability to freely exchange MBSE data is dependent on mature standards that are implemented and enforced in the tools. Adopting data standards reveals additional benefits of long term archiving, design data reuse, and stability in downstream procurement and manufacturing systems. In his presentation, Mr. Williams will share some recent examples that show how the industry has made rapid improvements through a unified effort. This CIMdata workshop, is the must-attend event for industrial organizations and solution providers interested in learning more about Model-Based Definition & Collaboration and Simulation-Driven Systems Development. It will provide attendees with independent experiences from industrial companies and a collaborative networking environment where ideas, trends, experiences, and critical relationships germinate and take root. CIMdata’s thought-leadership team of Don Tolle, Dr. Keith Meintjes, Dr. Ken Versprille, Dr. Suna Polat, and Frank Popielas, will be on hand in Chicago to facilitate the workshop and associated discussions. For more information visit http://www.cimdata.com/en/education/knowledge-council-workshops/joint-kc-workshop-2017 About Mark Williams Mark Williams is a Lead Project Engineer for Boeing’s MBSE organization. He is a student of the systems integration technologies, with a focus on data interoperability standards. Over the last 32 years Mark has worked as a systems design lead on multiple Boeing commercial and military programs. He has also been granted four US Patents representing a variety of integration and design verification inventions. About CIMdata CIMdata, a leading independent worldwide firm, provides strategic management consulting to maximize an enterprise’s ability to design and deliver innovative products and services through the application of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions. Since its founding in 1983, CIMdata has delivered world-class knowledge, expertise, and best-practice methods on PLM solutions. These solutions incorporate both business processes and a wide-ranging set of PLM-enabling technologies. CIMdata works with both industrial organizations and providers of technologies and services seeking competitive advantage in the global economy. In addition to consulting, CIMdata conducts research, provides PLM-focused subscription services, and produces several commercial publications. The company also provides industry education through PLM certificate programs, seminars, and conferences worldwide. CIMdata serves clients around the world from offices in North America, Europe, and Asia- Pacific. To learn more about CIMdata’s services, visit our website at www.CIMdata.com, follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/CIMdataPLMNews, or contact CIMdata at: 3909 Research Park Drive, Ann Arbor, MI 48108, USA; Tel: +1 734.668.9922; Fax: +1 734.668.1957; or at Oogststraat 20, 6004 CV Weert, The Netherlands; Tel: +31 (0) 495.533.666. Contact Information CIMdata Cheryl Peck 734-668-9922 Contact www.cimdata.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from CIMdata Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business Direct Line boss Paul Geddes joins ITV chief executive auditions ITV, broadcaster of Britain's Got Talent, has begun its own search for talent Christopher Williams, Chief Business Correspondent 20 May 2017 • 9:00pm Paul Geddes, the chief executive of Direct Line, is in the running to become the next chief executive of ITV as the broadcaster searches outside the media sector for a successor to Adam Crozier. Mr Geddes, 46, is understood to have held talks about the role following the announcement of Mr Crozier’s exit early this month. The former RBS marketing executive led Direct Line through the insurer's spin-off from the taxpayer-owned bank in 2012 and its admission to the FTSE 100 in 2014. He is viewed by people close to ITV’s recruitment process, which is at an early stage, said Mr Geddes was viewed as a potential “safe pair of hands” who would have credibility with investors and would be unlikely to seek to radically change the broadcaster’s strategy. Major shareholders have urged Sir Peter Bazalgette, the former TV producer who is ITV’s chairman, to ensure stability. Direct Line chief executive Paul Geddes Mr Geddes has some public service broadcasting experience, having joined the Channel 4 board last November as a non-executive. He has also recently touted his credentials as a champion of diversity, technology maven and advertising expert. If appointed, he would join a coterie of former Procter & Gamble executives in the senior ranks of Britain’s media and telecoms sector. BT chief executive Gavin Patterson and Sky’s Jeremy Darroch both rose in business via the maker of Pantene shampoo. Mr Geddes faces strong potential rivals from within the media industry, however. Sky’s chief operating officer Andrew Griffith and UKTV boss Darren Childs have been linked with the role. Rob Woodward, who recently announced his departure from ITV’s Scottish equivalent STV after turning the broadcaster around, is also a credible potential candidate, according to senior media sources. Direct Line and ITV declined to comment. Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn Related Topics FTSE 100 Media and Telecoms industry ITV Direct Line Show more Galleries Gallery 19 May 2017, 11:20pm Gallery: Tiffany's stationery and Samsung's dried fish: how global brands were born Gallery 19 May 2017, 4:22pm Gallery: When activist investors strike: How corporate raiders hit Apple, Microsoft and McDonald's Gallery 17 May 2017, 5:54pm Gallery: Homes with the most gorgeous gardens to rival Chelsea Flower Show Business latest 20 May 2017, 8:00pm Theresa May's plans branded 'attack on business' 20 May 2017, 7:45pm Terra Firma props up Wyevale Garden Centres  20 May 2017, 7:40pm BBC to close TV download store after only 18 months as streaming dominates 20 May 2017, 7:35pm Hong Kong bidders line up for Walkie Talkie stake 20 May 2017, 7:30pm Virgin Media to auction off the best slots on its TV guide 20 May 2017, 7:25pm Scottish Power heads west for US offshore wind rush 20 May 2017, 7:15pm Prison Service boss hired to manage troubled G4S detention centres 20 May 2017, 7:10pm Budget deficit to rise as economists predict failure in battle to balance books  20 May 2017, 7:05pm Shell in the firing line over boss pay 20 May 2017, 7:00pm Heathrow calls on Government to ring-fence domestic routes as part of expansion plan 20 May 2017, 6:45pm Fancy buying shares in a masterpiece? This site will let you 20 May 2017, 5:00pm Comment: This is both the best and worst time for women in the workplace Lady Barbara Judge Premium 20 May 2017, 4:39pm Comment: Theresa May must not forget the Tories' fiscal roots Liam Halligan Premium 20 May 2017, 4:29pm Comment: Will Emmanuel Macron’s grand bargain to save the euro be enough? Probably not Jeremy Warner Premium 20 May 2017, 4:03pm Comment: It's a bleak choice between Meddling May or Comrade Corbyn Ben Marlow Premium 20 May 2017, 3:45pm Comment: EU threat to move euro clearing away from London is a tool to whip Britain Michael Spencer Premium 20 May 2017, 3:24pm Marks & Spencer channels the past in bid to finally get back in fashion 20 May 2017, 2:37pm How the NHS was caught in the crossfire of a global cyber arms race Premium 01:33 20 May 2017, 2:20pm How Jeremy Corbyn's radical tax-and-spend manifesto raises fears for business  Premium 02:22 20 May 2017, 2:13pm Why meddling Theresa May will provide another headache for business Premium 20 May 2017, 1:59pm Questor: Mixed fortunes for Informa divisions puts question mark over next move Premium Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Skip to content Search For : 0° C Sunday 21 May| About Us News Politics Columnists Monday Sam Omatseye Soji Omotunde Emeka Omeihe Femi Macaulay Tuesday Olatunji Dare Olakunle Abimbola Sanya Oni Wednesday Dele Agekameh Tony Marinho Hakeem Baba-Ahmed Thursday Dapo Fafowora Gbenga Omotoso Gbogun gboro Jide Oluwajuyitan Jide Osuntokun Lawal Ogienagbon Friday Femi Abbas Segun Gbadegesin Steve Osuji Olatunji Ololade Louis Odion Saturday Ade Ojeikere Dayo Sobowale Segun Ayobolu Victor Akande Yomi Odunuga UnderTow Sunday Tatalo Alamu Idowu Akinlotan Festus Eriye Tunji Adegboyega Biodun Jeyifo Ropo Sekoni Femi Orebe Lekan Otufodunrin Niyi Osundare Oyinkan Medubi Business Agriculture Aviation Brand week Building & Properties Capital Market CEO e-Business Energy Equities Export Digest Editorial Hardball Opinion Cartoon Sports HEALTH Entertainment Celebrity Magazine Niger Delta Northern Report SouthEast Southwest Crime Diary Family Health Fashion Saturday Magazine Sunday magazine Weekend Treat Worship Education Campus Life Online Special Reader’s Account Menu Advert Rates News Columnists Monday Sam Omatseye Soji Omotunde Emeka Omeihe Femi Macaulay Tuesday Olatunji Dare Olakunle Abimbola Sanya Oni Wednesday Mohammed Harunna Dele Agekameh Tony Marinho Thursday Gbenga Omotoso Lawal Ogienagbon Dapo Fafowora Jide Osuntokun Jide Oluwajuyitan Gbogun gboro Friday Segun Gbadegesin Olatunji Ololade Femi Abbas Louis Odion Steve Osuji Saturday Segun Ayobolu Ade Ojeikere Yomi Odunuga Dayo Sobowale Victor Akande Hannatu Musawa Sunday Tatalo Alamu Idowu Akinlotan Festus Eriye Biodun Jeyifo Ropo Sekoni Femi Orebe Tunji Adegboyega Lekan Otufodunrin Oyinkan Medubi Politics Business e-Business Editorial Hardball Opinion Cartoon Sports HEALTH Entertainment Celebrity Magazine Education Campus Life UNESCO to empower 50,000 girls, women on ICT Posted By: Agency Report On: May 20, 2017 In: News Update 0 The United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) will launch the second phase of its project to empower illiterate girls and women in low performing junior secondary schools through Information Communication Technology (ICT) in Bauchi State on Tuesday. The project is targeted at 50,000 girls and women, the National Officer, Communication and Information, UNESCO, Mr. Olusola Macaulay, said in a statement in Abuja on Saturday. The first phase of the project, “Revitalising Adult and Youth Literacy in Nigeria” supported by the Federal Government, addressed the challenges of illiteracy. “In the previous project, 60,000 illiterate women and girls in low performing junior secondary schools were trained in life skills and use of ICT in the Federal Capital Territory and Rivers in 2016,” Macaulay said. According to him, the second phase of the project is funded by Procter and Gamble, an American-based consumer product company and targets schools in Bauchi State. He said the strategy to be deployed in the current project would be “School Meets the Learner Approach.” “This is to empower additional 50,000 illiterate women and girls in low-performing junior secondary schools. “The objective of the second phase of the project is to bring schools to the doorsteps of the learners using technology, where learners have difficulties in accessing education in a formal setting. “The launch of the project, ‘School Meets the Learner Approach,’ marks the beginning of the UNESCO new initiative to education. “This is where ICT devices, such as television, tablets, and mobile phones are deployed to learners in their homes, workplaces to facilitate teaching and learning,” the UNESCO officer added. NAN     Do you get a good or bad response from your wife after making love? Discover a great natural solution that changed my story and put an end to weak/premature ejaculation, CLICK HERE TO READ MORE Attention men!!!! 3 fruit you need eat at least once in a day but you neglect,but will help you fight against. Premature ejaculation,weak erection and increase size and length of your blokos take action here Wife confesses: I almost cheated on my Husband because of his small manhood and quick ejaculation until we found this permanent solution that added 3.5inches to his manhood size and now Last 25minutes during sex, no side effects. Click Here for details! My Husband Suffered in Shame for Over 10 Years Until He Used This to Increase His Manhood Size to 5.3 inches permanently and now Last 35 mins in Bed, See the solution Here! SHOCKING LIFE STORY! After 9 Years Of Suffering From Premature Ejaculation & Small Penis, 43 Year Old Man Finally Discovers The Permanent Solution That Mysteriously Jerks His Dead Manhood Back To Life, Increased His Penis To 8.9 inches Long, And Now Last 27 Minutes During Sex. Attention MEN! These 3 Foods causes Weak Erection and Chronic Premature Ejaculation, plus See the 2 things My Husband Did to Increase his Manhood to 5.2 inches and Now Last 25 mins, No Side Effects. Click Here for free info! Amazing! Youth CORPER reveals how He make over N800,000 monthly from this PROFITABLE business. CLICK HERE to download free report to start this same business Tags: Olusola Macaulay UNESCO RELATED LINKS Our tales of woe, by Chibok girls’ parents Those wishing Buhari dead are inhuman, says Adesina FG names Ekiti varsity after Adebayo Aregbesola: our popularity not affected by economic challenges Dollar crashes to N380/$1 as MPC meets 150 ghost workers discovered at National Assembly News Update 12:10 amOur tales of woe, by Chibok girls’ parents 12:09 amThose wishing Buhari dead are inhuman, says Adesina 12:08 amFG names Ekiti varsity after Adebayo 12:07 amAregbesola: our popularity not affected by economic challenges 12:07 amDollar crashes to N380/$1 as MPC meets 12:06 am150 ghost workers discovered at National Assembly 12:05 amNDDC vows to cancel N200b projects 10:11 pmMalpractice: more than 10,000 candidates caught in Anambra, says JAMB 9:57 pmRoad to sustainable Amnesty Programme in Niger Delta 8:19 pmCall for Buhari’s resignation unnecessary – ACF 8:11 pmArmy denies alleged molestation of IPOB women in Abia 7:52 pmLagos Council polls: 73 candidates emerge at NCP primary 6:07 pmReleased Chibok girls reunite with parents in Abuja 5:57 pmEdem Duke dumps PDP for APC 5:48 pmFG names varsity after Adebayo 4:47 pmLagos Assembly urges agencies to address cases of building collapse 4:24 pmBayelsa varsity gets acting VC 4:14 pmPhysically challenged girl, 14, in tears for not getting wheelchair 3:43 pmWhy we introduced zonal intervention initiative – Dogara 3:08 pmUmahi is most police friendly governor – Idris Click for more Public Poll Should the Federal Government increase the minimum wage to #65,000 as demanded by Labour Congress? Yes No I don't know View Results  Loading ... Sponsored Post 100% Natural Solution To Premature Ejaculation, Weak Erection, Watery Sperm, Other Sexual Dysfunctions And Last More Than 30 Minutes During Sex. True story: To tell the truth, the unfortunate day I discovered that my wife was cheating, I wasn’t prepared for it. In... Click Here to See what Doctors Recommend to Enlarge Your Small Manhood and Last 25 Minutes During Sex! Tweets by TheNationNews City Beats Physically challenged girl, 14, in tears for not getting wheelchair Fashion designer arraigned for damaging clothes, granted bail Three men arraigned for stealing N2.2m property Businessman bags N3.6 m fraud chargeShow more Online Special “Buhari will bounce back to lead Nigeria to greatness” Five reasons your smartphone needs a screen protector Osun State Education Marshall World Hypertension Day: What you need to knowShow more Education Malpractice: more than 10,000 candidates caught in Anambra, says JAMB JAMB plans new registration process for 2018 UTME – Registrar Sofoluwe: Remembering the ‘people’s VC’ N32m projects for CMS 158th Founder’s DayShow more Business BoI to raise N1trillion for ERGP AshakaCem Plc posts N2b profit AMCON shuts down firm over N5b debts Jubilee to revolutionise syringe production in NigeriaShow more Copyright © 2017, All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Markets Market outlook: Stocks to watch out for after announcement of GST rates The impact of tax rates announced by the GST Council for most goods (except gold and some items) and services will be reflected on Monday trading. S V Krishnamachari   May 20, 2017 19:37 IST A man ties a balloon to the horns of a bull statue at the entrance of the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) while celebrating the Sensex index rising to over 30,000, in Mumbai, India April 26, 2017.Reuters file Trading on Monday is likely to be influenced by the announcement of tax rates for various goods and services by the Goods and Service Tax (GST) Council over two days — Thursday and Friday (May 18 and 19). The Council is expected to decide on gold and other items at its next meeting on June 3, which means gold stocks will remain unimpacted for now. Most of the rates were on expected lines and didn't have any element of "surprise", as was said by none other than the GST Council chairman and union finance minister Arun Jaitley. Read: GST Council exempts healthcare, education from taxes; next meeting on June 3 "In our view, GST rates in most cases are in line with the prior rates/expectations set by the government in previous briefings," Sanjeev Prasad, Sunita Baldawa and Anindya Bhowmik, analysts at brokerage Kotak Institutional Equities, said in a note. Another brokerage, Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities (NBIE), had a mixed view on the rates. "We see a positive one for commonly used FMCG goods like soap, toothpaste and hair oil (but this was largely expected) but negative one for others that are not commonly used where tax incidence seems to have increased from 24% to 28% (not expected)," analyst Girish Pai wrote in his note. While the finer details are still being analysed by companies and brokerages, some of the stocks are likely to react to the announcements, as listed below: Multiplex chains PVR, Inox Leisure The replacement of multiple rates of entertainment tax across states with an uniform 28 percent is being seens as marginally positive. "Tax rates on ticketing of multiplexes have been increased marginally from 25-27 currently to 28%. Further, tax on F&B has been hiked to a blended rate of ~ 19-21%, as against the current rate of 11-13%. However, the impact of higher duty is likely to be more than offset by the benefit from additional tax credits on lease rentals and annual maintenance contracts (which are currently not available). We believe the overall impact will be lower than originally expected by investors," brokerage Motilal Oswal Securities Limited (MOSL) said. Capital goods companies L&T, ABB India, BHEL, Siemens The impact is expected to be negligible, though there are two positive triggers.  "This (18 percent) rate is similar to the existing indirect tax rate paid by the sector. Consequently, the GST rate per se will have a negligible impact on revenue and margins as it is a B2B business with order win depending on becoming L1 in tenders," Girish Pai of NBIE said in his note.  Automobile makers Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors and Mahindra India's biggest car-maker (by units sold) Maruti Suzuki India Ltd. (MSIL) could face some selling pressure on Monday, given the likely impact on some of its models. "For automobiles, the GST rate is fixed at 28% plus cess (1% for small petrol cars, 3% for small diesel cars and 15% for others). This will lead to an increase in on-road prices of small diesel cars and mid-sized cars by ~1.6% and ~2.1%, respectively. MSIL derives ~15% and ~8.5% of its volumes from small diesel cars and mid-sized cars, respectively, which may be impacted due to the change in tax rates," MOSL said. On-road prices for large SUVs will decline by ~3 percent. FMCG companies Hindustan Unilever, Colgate-Palmolive, Dabur, Marico, ITC This sector is seen by most analysts as a significant beneficiary of the rates finalised by the Council. "Current incidence of indirect tax on most FMCG items is in the range of 20%-24% and therefore the proposal to tax some of the commonly used products (soap, hairoil and toothpaste) at 18% is positive. The above tax proposals, to some extent, were consensus and therefore there is no major positive surprise for the street," Girish Pai said. Some stocks in the space are worth buying, according to MOSL. "We have Buy ratings on HUL, ITC, Colgate, Britannia (GST rate announcement on biscuits has been postponed), P&G Hygiene and Emami." Weekly round-up On Friday, the BSE Sensex closed 30 points higher at 30,464 while the NSE Nifty ended flat at 9,428. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) were net sellers of Indian equities worth Rs 988 crore, according to provisional data released by the National Stock Exchange (NSE). "Markets opened with positive sentiments during the week but the same got punctured when the noise about impeaching US President became louder. Irrespective of such rhetoric the Indian market had moved ahead of fundamentals although the corporates results were no big surprises," Jimeet Modi, CEO of SAMCO Securities, said in a statement. TCS retained its position as the most-valued Indian company, with a market capitalisation of Rs 4,93,946 crore after adding Rs 29,024 crore during the week. The next four companies were Reliance Industries, HDFC Bank, ITC and State Bank of India. The rupee closed 20 paise higher at 64.64 to the US dollar. On Saturday, gold closed Rs 100 lower at Rs 29,100 per 10 gm while silver gained Rs 50 to end at Rs 39,200 per kg. For the week ended May 12, 2017, India's foreign exchange reserves ended $443 million at $375.27 billion, according to RBI's weekly statistical supplement released on Friday. Trump turmoil The Trump turmoil, a reference to the impact of Donald Trump's relations with Russia and the scrutiny of FBI Director James Comey's abrupt sacking, caused mayhem on US stock markets on Wednesday, wiping out almost $35 billion of investors' wealth.  However, a report by Marketwatch said that any comparison to the Richard Nixon episode over Watergate in the 1970s that led to an almost 45 percent crash on US stock markets, is misplaced. "He (Donald Trump) still has a net positive impact on the U.S. economy, and correspondingly, on the stock market," the website quoted David Kudla, founder, CEO, and chief investment strategist of Mainstay Capital Management, as saying. Richard Nixon waves to photographers as he prepares to get in to his car at the Elysee Presidential Palace in Paris, May 20, 1987 (He died on April 22, 1994).Reuters file Read: Donald Trump had asked FBI chief Comey to end Flynn's Russia investigation Comey will testify in a public session at the Senate Intelligence Committee after May 29 to present his side of the story behind his sacking by US president Donald Trump last week.  "I hope that former Director Comey's testimony will help answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey was so suddenly dismissed by the President. Director Comey served his country with honor for many years, and he deserves an opportunity to tell his story. Moreover, the American people deserve an opportunity to hear it," Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the panel, was quoted as saying by politico.com. James Comey, then FBI Director, arrives to deliver a speech at the Master of Science in Foreign Service CyberProject's sixth annual conference at Georgetown University in Washington D.C., US April 26, 2016Reuters file Related New GST rates leave service providers worried Mamata opposes GST again; political tug-of-war pushes Bengal to brink of financial disaster GST decoded: Should I buy a car now or after GST implementation? Also read Stock markets end trading on a flat note after a day of volatile trading Post Comment IBT TV Close The moment a young Mark Zuckerberg realises he has been accepted to Harvard Why advertise with us? Latest News Assocham hails GST as Modi government's biggest achievement in 3 years 2 hours ago By S V Krishnamachari The United States and Saudi Arabia Sign Military Deals Worth Almost $110 Billion 14 hours ago By Admin Why advertise with us? Photo Gallery Tallia Storm shows off incredibly fit figure Scottish singer Tallia Storm shows off incredibly fit figure. Paris Hilton shares flashback pics on Snapchat Paris Whitney Hilton shares flashback snap of herself wearing gravity-defying underwear. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Research and Markets - Global Glycerol Market to Grow at a CAGR of 8.7% by 2021 - Key Vendors are Emery Oleochemicals, IOI Group, Kuala Lumpur Kepong Berhad, Oleon & Wilmar International News provided by Research and Markets 19 May, 2017, 15:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Glycerol Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global glycerol market to grow at a CAGR of 8.73% during the period 2017-2021. The report, Global Glycerol Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. One trend in market is growth of personal care industry. Glycerol is extensively used as a thickening agent, emulsifier, lubricant, and humectant in cosmetic and personal care applications. Consumers in developed as well as developing countries such as the US, the UK, Australia, Canada, France, China, India, Saudi Arabia, and Germany spend heavily on cosmetics. So, the consumption of cosmetic products is high in these countries, which is attributed to the high disposable income. According to the report, one driver in market is growing production of biodiesel. Globally, there is a growing interest in alternate fuels on account of the uncertainty in global fuel prices, energy security, and the continuous rise in emission levels. There is a demand for fuels that reduce the carbon emission levels and have commercial possibilities. The gradual depletion of fossil fuel reserves has given rise to renewable biofuels. The R&D efforts worldwide have led to the use of biofuels, which are gradually moving to large-scale commercialization because their performance is similar to gasoline and diesel. Biofuel blends are now being used in regular vehicles with little or no modification to the engines, which is encouraging the use of blended fuels in vehicles. Biofuels produce lesser greenhouse gas emissions in comparison to conventional fuels depending on the blend. Biofuels also reduce the amount of sulfur and hydrocarbon emissions in the air. Key vendors Emery Oleochemicals IOI Group Kuala Lumpur Kepong Berhad Oleon Wilmar International Other prominent vendors Archer Daniels Midland Cargill CREMER OLEO Croda International Godrej Industries Procter & Gamble Kao Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Market segmentation by source PART 07: Market segmentation by application PART 08: Geographical segmentation PART 09: Decision framework PART 10: Drivers and challenges PART 11: Market trends PART 12: Vendor landscape PART 13: Key vendor analysis PART 14: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/7l97x2/global_glycerol Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---global-glycerol-market-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-87-by-2021---key-vendors-are-emery-oleochemicals-ioi-group-kuala-lumpur-kepong-berhad-oleon--wilmar-international-300460686.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 19 May, 2017, 15:30 ET Preview: Global Smart Food Market 2017-2022: Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 8.32% to Reach $525.25 Billion - Growing Research and Development in Food Preservatives - Research and Markets 19 May, 2017, 15:00 ET Preview: Global Engineering Resins, Polymer Alloys and Blends Markets to 2022 - Research-and-Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 19 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Global IoT in Agriculture Market Outlook and Forecasts Report... 19 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Global Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Chemical Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Global Glycerol Market to Grow at a CAGR of 8.7% by 2021 - Key Vendors are Emery Oleochemicals, IOI Group, Kuala Lumpur Kepong Berhad, Oleon & Wilmar International News provided by Research and Markets 19 May, 2017, 15:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
null
                                  Sunday, May 21, 2017   search SGN SERVING SEATTLE AND THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST FOR 43 YEARS! http://sgn.org/rss.xml Javascript DHTML Drop Down Menu Powered by dhtml-menu-builder.com Last Weeks Edition                           Weather Forecast         to Section One | to Arts & Entertainment posted Friday, May 19, 2017 - Volume 45 Issue 20 Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support Section One ALL STORIES   next story Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support 240 members of Congress and more than 90 corporations back bipartisan legislation adding protections for LGBTQ people to federal civil rights laws Equality Act introduced as nearly two-thirds of LGBTQ Americans report experiencing discrimination WASHINGTON, D.C. - Today, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), the nation's largest lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) civil rights organization, joined with bipartisan lawmakers and an unprecedented number of businesses to announce the re-introduction of the Equality Act - federal legislation that would finally guarantee explicit, permanent protections for LGBTQ people under our nation's existing civil rights laws. The bipartisan legislation would provide clear and equal protections under federal law for all Americans in vital areas of life, like employment, access to public spaces, housing, credit, education, jury service, and federally-funded programs. Today, in a majority of U.S. states (31), LGBTQ people remain at risk of being fired, evicted or denied services because of who they are. 'No person's fundamental rights should be determined by which side of a state line they live on,' said HRC President Chad Griffin. 'The Equality Act will once and for all end the unacceptable patchwork of non-discrimination laws across this country that leaves LGBTQ people at risk. Every American should have a fair chance to earn a living, provide for their families, and live their lives without fear of discrimination. And at its core, that's what the Equality Act is all about.' Discrimination is a real and persistent problem for far too many LGBTQ Americans. HRC polling has found that nearly two-thirds of self-identified LGBTQ Americans report experiencing discrimination - including people like Carter Brown, a transgender man from Texas who lost his job after he was outed by his colleagues. Currently, 50 percent of LGBTQ Americans like Mr. Brown live in states where they are at risk of being fired, denied housing, or refused service because of who they are. There is no federal law explicitly protecting LGBTQ people from discrimination, and 31 states still lack fully-inclusive non-discrimination protections for LGBTQ people. Today's announcement included unprecedented support from the business community: 92 major corporations have now joined HRC's Business Coalition for the Equality Act. While the overwhelming majority of America's leading businesses have already started addressing workplace fairness for LGBTQ employees, these major employers know how important the need is for a federal standard that treats all employees the same no matter which state they live in. The slate of companies endorsing the Equality Act have combined operations in all 50 states, headquarters spanning 23 states, and collectively generate $2.6 trillion in revenue. In total, these companies employ more than 5.8 million people across the United States. The overwhelming majority of Americans support full federal equality for LGBTQ people. Polling released last year by the nonpartisan Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) found that support for a bill like the Equality Act topped 70 percent nationally, including a majority of Democrats, Republicans and Independents. PRRI's groundbreaking survey included 42,000 interviews in 50 states and found majority support for the Equality Act in all 50 states. The Equality Act is co-sponsored by 240 members of Congress. It was first introduced in 2015 by Representative David Cicilline (D-RI) and by Senators Jeff Merkley (D-OR), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) and Cory Booker (D-NJ). Major corporations in the HRC Business Coalition for the Equality Act include Abercrombie & Fitch Co.; Accenture; Adobe Systems Inc.; Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Airbnb Inc.; Alcoa Inc.; Amazon.com Inc.; American Airlines; American Eagle Outfitters; American Express Global Business Travel; Apple Inc.; Arconic; Automatic Data Processing Inc.; Bank of America; Best Buy Co., Inc.; Biogen; Boehringer Ingelheim USA Corp.; Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.; Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc.; Brown-Forman Corp.; CA Technologies Inc.; Caesars Entertainment Corp.; Capital One Financial Corp.; Cardinal Health Inc.; Cargill Inc.; Chevron Corp.; Choice Hotels International Inc.; Cisco Systems Inc.; The Coca-Cola Co.; Corning Inc.; Cox Enterprises; CVS Health Corp.; Darden Restaurants Inc.; Delhaize America Inc.; Diageo North America; The Dow Chemical Co.; Dropbox Inc.; E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (DuPont); eBay; EMC Corp.; Facebook Inc.; Gap Inc.; General Electric Co.; General Mills Inc.; Google Inc.; The Hershey Company; Hewlett Packard Enterprises; Hilton Worldwide Inc.; HP Inc.; HSN Inc.; Hyatt Hotels Corp.; IBM Corp.; Intel Corp.; InterContinental Hotels Group Americas; Johnson & Johnson; JP Morgan Chase & Co.; Kaiser Permanente; Kellogg Co.; Kenneth Cole Productions; Levi Strauss & Co.; Marriott International Inc.; MasterCard Inc.; McGraw Hill Financial; Microsoft Corp.; Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams; Monsanto Co.; Moody's Corp.; Nike Inc.; Northrop Grumman Corp.; Office Depot Inc.; Oracle Corp.; Orbitz Worldwide Inc.; PepsiCo Inc.; Procter & Gamble Co.; Pure Storage Inc.; Qualcomm Inc.; Replacements Ltd.; Salesforce; SAP America Inc.; Sodexo Inc.; Symantec Corp.; T-Mobile USA Inc.; Target Corp.; Tech Data Corp.; TIAA; Twitter Inc.; Uber Technologies Inc.; Unilever; Warby Parker; Wedding Wire Inc.; Williams-Sonoma Inc.; and Xerox Corp. The Human Rights Campaign is America's largest civil rights organization working to achieve equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer people. HRC envisions a world where LGBTQ people are embraced as full members of society at home, at work and in every community. Courtesy of HRC Tell a friend:  Share on Facebook Share on MySpace!     Share on Delicious Share on StumbleUpon! No visas for Chechen refugees Let 'em die, State Department says ------------------------------ Trump literally driving White House staff crazy, WaPo reports ------------------------------ Unlike everyone else, Lorena Gonzalez is not running for mayor ------------------------------ Seattle Japanese American Citizens League presents Family 2.0: An API LGBTQ Gathering May 20 ------------------------------ GOTHIC SEATTLE PAGEANT ------------------------------ It's not about politics: From the wife of a transgender candidate ------------------------------ Patty Murray introduces bill to end credit discrimination against LGBT Americans ------------------------------ Investigate Jeff Sessions, Sens. Murray and Cantwell say ------------------------------ HRC files amicus brief with major companies supporting Transgender student Gavin Grimm in G.G. v. Gloucester County School Board ------------------------------ 'No reason' to ban same-sex marriage, liberal Muslim group says ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ Congressional Democrats reintroduce LGBT Equality Act ------------------------------ Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support ------------------------------ Trump executive order targets reproductive choice, separation of church and state No OK for anti-LGBT discrimination ------------------------------ Alabama's anti-LGBTQ adoption law H.B. 24 signed into law ------------------------------ ------------------------------ BREAKING NEWS ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------         gay news feeds gay news readers gay rss gay http://sgn.org/rss.xml | what is RSS? | use Google to set up your RSS feed SGN Calendar For Mobile Phones http://sgn.org/rssCalendarMobile.xml SGN Calendar http://sgn.org/rssCalendar.xml Seattle Gay News - SGN 1707 23rd Ave Seattle, WA 98122 Phone 206-324-4297 Fax 206-322-7188 email: sgn2@sgn.org website suggestions: web@sgn.org copyright Seattle Gay News 2017 - DigitalTeamWorks 2017 USA Gay News American News American Gay News USA American Gay News United States American Lesbian News USA American Lesbian News United States USA News Pacific Northwest News in Seattle News in Washington State News
