Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Global Electric Shavers Market Analysis 2017 and Forecasts to 2022 Electric Shavers Report Details: This report studies the market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer Major Key Players Procter & Gamble Company Conair Corporation Philips Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc Panasonic Corporation Helen of Troy Limited Gillette Braun GmbH Remington Products Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Eltron Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Izumi Products Company            Click here for sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1243928-global-electric-shavers-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Reciprocating Type Electric Shavers Rotary Type Electric Shavers By Application, the market can be split into Exclusive Shop Supermarket Online Sales By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Electric Shavers Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Electric Shavers 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Electric Shavers 1.1.1 Definition of Electric Shavers 1.1.2 Specifications of Electric Shavers 1.2 Classification of Electric Shavers 1.2.1 Reciprocating Type Electric Shavers 1.2.2 Rotary Type Electric Shavers 1.3 Applications of Electric Shavers 1.3.1 Exclusive Shop 1.3.2 Supermarket 1.3.3 Online Sales 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India For Detailed Reading Please visit @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1243928-global-electric-shavers-market-professional-survey-report-2017 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Electric Shavers 8.1 Procter & Gamble Company 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Procter & Gamble Company 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Procter & Gamble Company 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Conair Corporation 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Conair Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Conair Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Philips 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Philips 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Philips 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Panasonic Corporation 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Panasonic Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Panasonic Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Helen of Troy Limited 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Helen of Troy Limited 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Helen of Troy Limited 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Gillette 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Gillette 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Gillette 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Braun GmbH 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Braun GmbH 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Braun GmbH 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Remington Products Company 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Remington Products Company 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Remington Products Company 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Wahl Clipper Corporation 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Wahl Clipper Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Wahl Clipper Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis ..…Continued Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1243928 About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsElectric Shavers, Electric Shavers Analysis, Electric Shavers Market Growth, Electric Shavers Sales, Electric Shavers Share, Electric Shavers Trends, Electronic Goods Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Peapack-Gladstone Bank Hires Team for Newest Subsidiary, Peapack Capital Corporation Next PostNext IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – BCC Posted on 3 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Global Electric Shavers Market Analysis 2017 and Forecasts to 2022 Electric Shavers Report Details: This report studies the market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer Major Key Players Procter & Gamble Company Conair Corporation Philips Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc Panasonic Corporation Helen of Troy Limited Gillette Braun GmbH Remington Products Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Eltron Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Izumi Products Company            Click here for sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1243928-global-electric-shavers-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Reciprocating Type Electric Shavers Rotary Type Electric Shavers By Application, the market can be split into Exclusive Shop Supermarket Online Sales By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Electric Shavers Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Electric Shavers 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Electric Shavers 1.1.1 Definition of Electric Shavers 1.1.2 Specifications of Electric Shavers 1.2 Classification of Electric Shavers 1.2.1 Reciprocating Type Electric Shavers 1.2.2 Rotary Type Electric Shavers 1.3 Applications of Electric Shavers 1.3.1 Exclusive Shop 1.3.2 Supermarket 1.3.3 Online Sales 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India For Detailed Reading Please visit @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1243928-global-electric-shavers-market-professional-survey-report-2017 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Electric Shavers 8.1 Procter & Gamble Company 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Procter & Gamble Company 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Procter & Gamble Company 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Conair Corporation 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Conair Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Conair Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Philips 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Philips 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Philips 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Panasonic Corporation 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Panasonic Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Panasonic Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Helen of Troy Limited 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Helen of Troy Limited 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Helen of Troy Limited 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Gillette 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Gillette 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Gillette 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Braun GmbH 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Braun GmbH 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Braun GmbH 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Remington Products Company 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Remington Products Company 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Remington Products Company 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Wahl Clipper Corporation 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Wahl Clipper Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Wahl Clipper Corporation 2016 Electric Shavers Business Region Distribution Analysis ..…Continued Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1243928 About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsElectric Shavers, Electric Shavers Analysis, Electric Shavers Market Growth, Electric Shavers Sales, Electric Shavers Share, Electric Shavers Trends, Electronic Goods Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Peapack-Gladstone Bank Hires Team for Newest Subsidiary, Peapack Capital Corporation Next PostNext IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – BCC Search Recent Posts Polymers Drug Delivery Market Growth Opportunities, Sales, Revenue, Consumptions, Industry Analysis and Forecasts 2021 Medical Endoscope Equipment Market Provides an In-Depth Insight of Sales Analysis, Growth Forecast and Upcoming Trends Opportunities by Types and Application to 2021 PROS Expands European Cloud Footprint with New Microsoft Azure Germany Points International Ltd. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Novelion Therapeutics to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 9, 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Sizing Up Small Caps Edgewell Personal Care Could Attract Buyer With Deep Pockets The consumer-products company looks like a bargain. Its Schick shaving business has room to grow. By David Englander Biography April 29, 2017 Procter & Gamble’s move to cut prices on some razors in its Gillette business has put pressure on shares of smaller rival Edgewell Personal Care, the owner of Schick. Edgewell’s stock (ticker: EPC) has dropped more than 10% since P&G (PG) announced the price cuts in February. They took effect about a month ago, and apply to Gillette’s men’s razors and blades in the U.S. Schick competes directly with Gillette in the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple: Buy the Dip Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Fate of U.S. Steel and Other Industrial Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Time to Buy European Bank Stocks 2 Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon 3 Under Armour Can't Rely On Sneakers Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 264/9 (102) - PAK 393/10 (140) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Business News Vicks touches right chord with its transgender mom ad Shares1 Collin Furtado | Wed, 3 May 2017-07:50am , DNA What makes this ad special is that it goes beyond just bringing out the issue of transgender rights in India, but manages to do it in the most heartfelt way It is very common today to see brands taking up social causes and giving social messages regarding things affecting various segments of society. However, very few brands are successful in creating a campaign or an ad film that gets a tear jerking response from people. An ad that managed to that recently was the P&G's Vicks through its new "Touch of Care" campaign. What makes this ad special is that it goes beyond just bringing out the issue of transgender rights in India, but manages to do it in the most heartfelt way. By taking up a real-life story of Indian transgender activist Gauri Sawant and her adopted daughter Gayatri, the story brilliantly brings to light how an orphan child gets more than just a mother when she is adopted by Gauri. With mother's care at the heart of the ad, it brings out the message that the care giving mother can also be a transgender. The ad agency, Publics Singapore, and P&G have done a good job by not revealing Gauri's face until the end. This brings about a normalcy of a mother caring for her child. It highlights how normal it is for a transgender person to give the touch of care of a mother. Sadly, normalcy or to be treated equally is something that transgenders have to fight for even today in a society despite the Supreme Court ruling in 2014 granting transgender citizens recognition as third gender under the law. We all know how brands use social messaging in order to get on the good graces of consumers, but this ad gives other brands a demo as to how to do. Brands are used to pushing their product or branding somewhere into the ad which more often than not ruins it, even though it may have something good to say. What truly makes this ad stand out is that it does not revolve around the 'Vicks' product or brand at all and nor does it in any way prominently push the product in the ad. Only in one scene does it subtly feature a blurred Vicks bottle in the corner of the frame. Brands and marketers definitely can learn a thing or two about content marketing and reaching out to consumers through this ad. Brands need to understand that it is not about them but the consumer that matters and making that connect with them does not always involve pushing a product down a consumers throat. Collin Furtado Info Collin Furtado brings with him over 4 years of experience in the financial reporting team. He writes on financial markets, policies, brands, various sectors and advertising.    TOP TOP < Justice CS Karnan issues NBWs against seven SC judges, including CJI   Comments   Also Read Money Markets on a roll: Sensex soars 189 points on reforms, earnings boost Money Global gold demand drops 18% to 1,034 tonne in Q1 2017: WGC Money Rupee opens lower by 9 paise against dollar Money India pitches for FDI in food processing industry Money Honda outpaces Bajaj Auto to become 2nd-largest bike maker in April Money V-Mart Q4 net profit at Rs 5 crore < Previous ArticleNext Article > Justice CS Karnan issues NBWs against seven SC judges, including CJI Live Cricket Score Live WI 264/9 (102), 312/10 (98.5) WI lead by 183 runs PAK 393/10 (140) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Affordable housing drives home loans Roadmin plans Rs 60K cr land buys, says prices shot up after new Act ICICI net soars threefold, but bad loans zoom too Video WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! View all Tags India Business Report Vicks transgender ad film P&G Gauri Sawant Publics Singapore Supreme Court Brands SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News JICA drainage & sewerage projects in Cuttack to end in Sep'18 Meerut: Abused woman files FIR, demands triple talaq from husband Girl dies as compound wall collapses in Thanjavur district Latur bandh called to protest extension of train till Bidar Indian-origin candidates hope to grab anti-Brexit vote in UK Sport Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Calvert-Lewin signs a new five-year contract at Everton Entertainment May the fourth be with you | Star Wars Celebration: Fan or not, it's highly recommended Can movie ticket prices be capped in Maharashtra? Mukesh Bhatt opens up! May the fourth be with you: The pet-peeves of a 'Star Wars' fan Why is Sanjay Dutt ANXIOUS about his biopic starring Ranbir Kapoor? REVEALED: Shahid Kapoor wants baby Misha to read THIS book! Money Second review of Philippine mines to go ahead - finance official Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts Merck shares climb over 6% on strong Q4 show Cognizant offers six-nine months' salary to senior execs as exit option to cut wage bills Adani signs steel supply deal with Aus group Arrium Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.

Content. Tech. Community. Attitude. SIGN IN facebook twitter linkedin googleplus rss Events Awards Webinars Jobs Advertise Sponsored Content Topics Programming Regulation Distribution Tech Screenster Data The Magazine Cablefax Daily Latest Issue Subscribe Free Trial Sign Up Search Log In Topics Screenster Data The Magazine Cablefax Daily Sign Up Events Awards Webinars Jobs Advertise Sponsored Content Search New Cox COO Distribution By Cablefax Staff | May 3, 2017 | Premium Content Cox tapped Len Barlikto step into the COO role being vacated by Jill Campbell’s move to evp of parent Cox Enterprises effective June 1. Barlik, a former Sprint and Procter & Gamble exec, joined Cox in 2011 as evp, product mgmt and development, where he helped launch Cox’s Contour video offering, Gigabit broadband and Homelife home security offering. He most recently headed HR, realigning leadership, process and tools. “No matter the role, Len’s approach is always characterized by a long-range, strategic vision, a sense of urgency and the ability to move an organization to deliver on its strategy,” Cox pres Pat Esser said in a statement. share this article previous storyCSG-Charter Contract Extension next storyHulu Upfront: Streaming Service Unveils Formidable Live TV Offering Featured Stories <   > Featured Stories Distribution Fox Eying Tribune Programming Hulu Live Technology Near Future Programming Banner Day: Comcast Basks In The Glow Of… Programming Cable Hall of Fame 2017 Screenster Digital Video Stealing Ad Dollars From Linear TV Related Stories Distribution Hulu Upfront: Streaming Service Unveils… Distribution Where Every Day Is Father’s… Distribution People The Latest Distribution Hulu Upfront: Streaming Service Unveils… Distribution Charter’s 1Q: TWC Sub Losses… Distribution Dishing It: DISH Takes on… Distribution Does Twitter’s Video Push Have… Distribution VR Focus: Hulu’s Noah Heller… Distribution Comings & Goings Distribution A Look at Comcast Cares… Distribution Targeting Patent Lawsuits Distribution Net Neutrality Fight Distribution Cloud Services Get cable industry news in your inbox, daily! Learn More or Sign In View All  <   > upcoming award Most Influential Minorities | Call for… May 19, 2017 webinar Alexa, What Should I Watch?: Finding… May 24, 2017 event TV Innovation Summit June 08, 2017 View Full Calendar View All  Cable & Media Jobs   Senior Writer/Producer Viacom – TN   Senior Account Executive Ooyala – CA   Associate Vice President - Legal and Business Affairs NBA – NY Find a JobPost A JobResume Bank Free e-Letters Get industry eletters with news, tips and insights. Sign Up for the Magazine View All <   > cable flix View All <   > viewpoints Cable’s Accelerating Rate of Change Follow @Cablefax  <   > Twitter Cablefax @CableFAX Kudos to salesperson of the Year (Below the VP Level) | Regional Ad Sales: Erin Arend, @DiscoveryComm https://t.co/jitdz... Cablefax @CableFAX While sales of #4K television sets are spiking, broadcast capabilities are lagging. https://t.co/acrP69otcW... Cablefax @CableFAX Congrats FAXIES finalists @DiscoveryID @Bravotv @espn @oxygen @ovationtv @VH1 @LogoTV @Viacom @GolfChannel https... Cablefax @CableFAX Who deserves to appear in Cablefax’s annual Most Influential Minorities in Cable list? https://t.co/tPpP8iHJzQ... Cablefax @CableFAX .@Twitter is dead set on grabbing digital video dollars https://t.co/5HCmBbGNVA... Cablefax @CableFAX @21CF and private equity firm Blackstone are considering a joint bid for @tribunemedia https://t.co/R7LxhJhcLi... Cablefax @CableFAX Download our justification letter and convince your boss that the #CFXSummit is a must-attend event!… https://t.co/xjF... Cablefax @CableFAX @Layer3TV is making moves in D.C. and Dallas: https://t.co/z89NURVhrm... Cablefax @CableFAX Learn how #IoT integration can drive overall promotion and marketing of #TV content on 5/24: https://t.co/gKcqNjeGYV... Cablefax @CableFAX What @NatGeo has to say about @billoreilly's "Killing" series https://t.co/mwSXOvVHOY... Get cable industry news in your inbox, daily! subscribe Content. Tech. Community. Attitude. facebook twitter linkedin googleplus rss © 2017 Access Intelligence, LLC – All Rights Reserved. Advertise Advertise Print, Online & E-Letters About Cablefax About Cablefax Client Services Privacy Policy About Us / Contact Get Our Publications Get Our Publications The Magazine The Daily The Daily Mobile App The Daily Special Reports The Skinny TECH Jobs Listings Alerts Experience Cablefax Experience Cablefax Awards Events Webinars Industry Calendar Industry Organization Contacts Visit Our Sister Sites Visit Our Sister Sites Cynopsis Studio Daily Min Folio PR News
Ya Libnan Lebanon News and World News Live from Beirut Featured News Lebanon News World News Opinion Business News Arts & Culture Sci & Tech Video Apple’s cash pile of $250 billion fuels expectations April 30, 2017 by yalibnan 1 Comment In its quarterly results on Tuesday, Apple Inc. likely will report that its cash hoard has topped a quarter of a trillion dollars, an unrivaled milestone for a private corporation that raises a question: Why would any company want to hold that much money? Apple has added to its pile at a blistering pace, doubling it in just over four-and-a-half years. In the last three months of 2016 it wracked up new cash at a rate of about $3.6 million an hour. Its current total, not accounting for debt, exceeds the market values of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and that of Procter & Gamble Co., and outstrips the foreign-currency reserves of the U.K. and Canada combined. The stash has drawn fresh attention recently as President Donald Trump tries to revamp the U.S. tax regime. Apple, like many big companies, keeps most of its cash offshore — some 93% of its $246.09 billion total cash, cash equivalents, and securities as of December — to avoid U.S. corporate taxes that executives consider too high. The Trump administration this week proposed a one-time tax holiday to encourage companies to bring that cash home, and said it wants to slash the U.S. corporate-income-tax rate to 15% from 35% and largely exempt future foreign profits. That could make it easier for Apple to put its money to use, through acquisitions or by doling out more to shareholders. The latter prospect has propelled Apple’s stock to record highs. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook early this year said he was eager to bring cash home if tax changes enable it, and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said such a move would give Apple flexibility to do more capital returns. Neither has given detailed plans. One possible approach would be a special dividend. Apple could deliver such a windfall, benefitting investors including Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc., which more than doubled its Apple position in January. Wall Street analysts tend to focus more on companies’ net cash position than the headline number. Apple has racked up some $88 billion in debt to fund payouts to shareholders. But even subtracting that, Apple would be left with more cash than the total stockpile of Microsoft, the next richest tech company, which boasts $126 billion in cash, not accounting for debt. With the exception of financial companies, Apple’s stash exceeds that of any other U.S. company in recent history, said Jennifer Blouin, an accounting professor at University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School. “I have never seen a company in this kind of extreme position, barring a winding-down,” she said. “Apple’s a cash box right now.” Former executives say Apple’s thrift has deep roots, inspired in part by a brush with bankruptcy in the late 1990s. That forced Chief Executive Steve Jobs to arrange a cash infusion from Microsoft Corp. and set his resolve to keep reserves for future emergencies. Mr. Jobs also believed Apple could better boost its stock price by using its money to develop new products than through buybacks or dividends. His biggest product, the iPhone, has only supercharged the cash machine. Apple has sold more than 1 billion of the devices in the decade since it was introduced, and today claims 91% of all the profits in the smartphone sector. Mr. Cook has been somewhat more accommodating of shareholder desires than his predecessor. He started a dividend-and-stock-buyback program in 2012 that has since sent more than $200 billion to shareholders. And he has invested more in some areas, such as R&D. But the CEO also stared down Carl Icahn in 2013 and 2014 when the activist investor bought a stake in Apple and demanded it increase buybacks. And Apple remains frugal in other realms, such as marketing. It spent less than $1.8 billion on advertising last year — not even half the amounts laid out by smaller rivals Alphabet Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., according to company filings. Apple also avoids large acquisitions. It bought at a rate of 15 to 20 companies a year over the past four years, generally spending several hundred million dollars on companies it can easily assimilate. Its biggest deal was the $3 billion it spent to buy Beats Electronics LLC in 2014. The swelling war chest has fueled hopes for bigger deals to vault Apple in new directions such as self-driving cars and entertainment. At Apple’s 2015 shareholder meeting, one investor asked Mr. Cook about buying Tesla Inc., which today is valued around $51 billion. The CEO didn’t directly respond. Robert Nichols of Windward Capital Management Co., an Apple shareholder, says it should buy Netflix Inc., valued around $65 billion, to jumpstart its video-streaming business and bolster its position against Amazon. “You can either build [content and distribution] or you can buy it,” and buying would help Apple gain ground where it is behind, he said. With $250 billion, Apple could buy both Tesla and Netflix and still have plenty left over. It also might want to use some cash to pay down some of its debt or look to boost U.S. manufacturing after facing calls last year from then-President-elect Trump to build a plant in the U.S. Either way, there is a growing sense that Apple’s cash hoard has far outstripped its needs. “If this a rainy day fund, they’re saving for a millennial flood,” said Lee Pinkowitz, a Georgetown University professor of finance.   FOX Filed Under: Business News vs Facebook tries to fix violent video problem with 3,000 new workers http://www.reuters.com/article/us-facebook-crime-idUSKBN17Z1N4 Featured News Russia, Turkey agree to support creation of safe-zones in Syria Venezuela death toll rises as foes protest Maduro’s power shakeup Emmanuel Macron wins last TV debate against Marine Le Pen, poll Iran coal mine explosion kills 35: state media Lebanon News Lebanon speaker warns: No deal on an electoral law means “no country or institutions” Beirut to show the world in ‘Design Week’ that ‘Lebanon is not just about political instability’ Hezbollah denies seeking to ‘impose’ an electoral law, warns “Lebanon is on the brink of the abyss” Lebanon is the first line of defense for America’s interests in the Middle East World News Trump: ‘One of the best chemistries I had was with’ Merkel UK snap election: What does it mean? First Muslim Judge in U.S. is found dead in Hudson River, New York White House press secretary Sean Spicer under fire for comparing Hitler to Assad Opinion Putin’s military performance in Syria, not helping his arms sales or bottom line What happens if the president doesn’t matter? Trump and Kushner: “It’s what they do in banana republics” Assad did it, and Russia’s Putin has a problem Business News Self-driving Teslas will go between LA and NYC by year end: Musk Trump is undermining his own treasury secretary: Summers NSA penetrated Mideast banking networks, according to a new leak Tesla Tops GM by market value to become America’s most valuable carmaker Arts & Culture 2018 election campaign: Russian women are urged to emblazon Putin on their chests The unique love story of French presidential front-runner and his wife Zuma, Mandela rape painting stirs outrage in South Africa The Obamas sign huge book deals exceeding $60 million Science & Technology ” Out of his mind !” surgeon plans human head transplant, revive frozen human brain A device that can read the mind and enable people to communicate is coming soon Late for work? What about calling a ‘flying taxi’. Dubai will have the service within months Judge Orders California To Release Papers Discussing Risk Of Cellphone Use Recent Comments Copyright © 2017 Ya Libnan
Skip to main content The Straits Times Lifestyle Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Fashion Arts Motoring Home & Design Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Cool step forward: Bata show it's not just school shoes Known better for its white canvas school shoes, the Czech shoe label is pumping some swagger into its image with the inaugural Bata Fashion Weekend in Prague. And it looks like the 123-year-old brand's rebranding efforts are off to a good start. Trendy shoes on show recently at Bata's first fashion weekend in Prague.PHOTOS: BATA Trendy shoes on show recently at Bata's first fashion weekend in Prague.PHOTOS: BATA Trendy shoes on show recently at Bata's first fashion weekend in Prague.PHOTOS: BATA Trendy shoes on show recently at Bata's first fashion weekend in Prague.PHOTOS: BATA Trendy shoes on show recently at Bata's first fashion weekend in Prague.PHOTOS: BATA Bata is now offering “sexy, comfortable and surprisingly affordable” shoes to a younger target group of women and men. PHOTOS: BATA Czech label Bata, long linked to school shoes for children here, is getting an image makeover, injecting swagger and fun into its shoes Published: 10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/42uW Copy Melissa Heng In Prague "First to Bata, then to school." That nostalgic slogan from Bata triggers flashbacks of school days and the white canvas shoes that children wore in decades past. The neighbourhood footwear brand is now modernising its image, moving with the times from old- school to cool. Rather than just dressing the feet of primary school students and mature shoppers, the staid Czech label, now 123 years old, is pumping a little swagger in its shoes. Think contemporary sneakers with floral embroidery, sleek high-heeled pumps in metallic rose gold and, for men, dapper hightop brown leather shoes with a wingtip pattern. The family-owned company staged its first fashion weekend in Prague two weeks ago to kick off its rejuvenation drive. The two-day showcase featured fashion shows, exhibits of its heritage products and live demonstrations of shoemaking techniques. In one show, the models changed their shoes on the runway, suggesting that flipping the footwear can totally transform a look. A model in a red power suit swopped her black stilettos for white sneakers with metallic details. This changed her powerful office look to a playful, sporty get-up. 5 things you may not know about Bata 1 Bata is a family business. The current chairman is Thomas G. Bata, grandson of founder Tomas Bata, who established the company 123 years ago. The chairman's son, Thomas A. Bata, is the brand's chief marketing officer. 2 The company was recognised in 2004 by Guinness World Records as the world's largest shoe manufacturer and retailer.  3 It has its own university. Named after the founder, Tomas Bata University was established in Zlin, Czech Republic, in 2001. There are six faculties offering programmes in technology, humanities and healthcare, for instance, up to the PhD level.  4 According to the brand, more than one million customers shop at Bata every day. It has more than 5,200 stores in more than 70 countries, including 42 in Singapore.  5 Bubblegummers, Bata's children's shoe line, has interesting name origins. According to chairman Thomas G. Bata, when the rubber shoes were first made, they smelt really bad. A Bata employee poured perfume on them to counter the stench. This resulted in a fruity bubblegum scent. Style picks Brown wide heel Coachella inspired sandal, $49.95, in Bata stores next week. Black microfibre and lambskin 4-inch heel, $59.95, available in Bata stores. Geometric laser-cut sneaker, $39.95, available in Bata stores in mid-May. Brown leather wingtip highcut shoe from the Made In Italy collection, $189, in Bata stores next week. Navy blue leather sneaker with interwoven pattern from Bata’s Made In Italy collection, $139, in Bata stores. Bata Bullets collaboration with French Designer Julien David, $99, available at the Actually Store in Orchard Gateway from Monday. All the shows were trendy, upbeat and surprisingly fun. The dapper direction is spearheaded by chief executive officer Alexis Nasard, who joined Bata in April last year. At the event, he highlighted Bata's new manifesto, "Me & Comfortable with it". He says the label will offer sexy, comfortable and surprisingly affordable shoes to a younger target group of women and men of all shapes and sizes. "We refuse the dictate that a woman in the 21st century has to choose between being gorgeous, beautiful and comfortable. "We refuse the dictate that style has to be obscenely expensive and we refuse the dictate that for a woman to be beautiful and feel good about herself, she needs to be 180cm tall and 60kg light." Lebanon-born Mr Nasard, who has a Master of Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley, was previously the global chief marketing officer at beer brand Heineken and a general manager at multinational manufacturer Procter & Gamble. Speaking to The Straits Times during the event, president of Bata Asia Pacific Roberto Longo admitted that in the past, the label did not pay as much attention to style, but "focused on more everyday shoes". The 59-year-old Italian, who has been with Bata for 40 years, says today's consumer is more sophisticated, affluent and more in touch with fashion trends. "Today, every lady has at least 20 pairs of shoes in her wardrobe. So we said, we would like to be present in that wardrobe with Bata shoes." Mr Longo says the brand decided to have its own fashion weekend to announce to the world that Bata is changing and aligning itself with the current demands of the younger customer. "We realise that some were no longer shopping at Bata. They were getting out to other stores because they were not finding what they wanted here. This repositioning is an invitation to come back to Bata." Mr Longo says that the brand, long regarded in Singapore as the go-to supplier of school shoes and footwear for the more mature set, wants to focus on working adults who are aged 20 to 35. Bata is so serious about catering to this market segment that it has created two characters that embody its new target customer. These characters, the creation of Mr Nasard, have been named Angela and Roberto. They are used to guide Bata's shoe designs, marketing campaigns and the way sales staff will be trained to approach customers. Mr Longo, who says the male character was not named after himself, notes that Angela and Roberto are between the ages of 20 and 35, working and possibly have young children. The same two personas are used all over the world, with the characters in each country having some distinctions. "We keep these two individuals in mind when we design collections. We ask ourselves, 'what do they need?'. When they go to work, go for parties in the evening, when they spend the weekend walking about Singapore, what shoes do they need at every stage, every day?" Mr Longo, who is based in Singapore, says it is the most evolved market in South-east Asia. "It is much more influenced by the European styles - what happens on the runways there. The acceptance of new trends is also faster in Singapore." On the impetus for rebranding, he says: "We realised that today's working women want to be sexy. And shoes are a part of the sexy feminine image. But we saw that most of the time, sexy shoes are not comfortable. So our mission is to combine the two. We want to make sexy comfortable while making comfortable sexy." Bata was founded in Zlin, a city in south-eastern Moravia in the Czech Republic, in 1894 by Tomas Bata. He organised operations into autonomous workshops and departments, creating an efficient production, distribution and marketing system which allowed Bata to expand. By 1912, the company was employing 600 full-time workers. By 1939, it had established its presence in more than 30 countries. Its global spread continued even as the company was handed down to younger generations of the Bata family. Bata entered Singapore in August 1931, planting its first store at Capitol Building in Stamford Road. The label now has 42 locations here. Shoes are made in various countries, including Indonesia, India, Italy and China. Though the brand declines to release sales figures, Bata has been consistently opening new stores. It opened more than 800 concept stores internationally in the last four years. Last year, in Singapore, Bata opened six new stores. Today, it has more than 5,200 retail stores in over 70 countries. The brand also intends to change the look of its stores. It is putting aside the cluttered and old-fashioned image for wider shelves to better present shoe collections. There will be structured themes - such as a section dedicated to ballet flats of different colours and another featuring floral-themed sneakers - to guide customers along each shoe range. Stores will also be more spacious to create a better ambience. Mr Longo says these changes were first tested in Singapore in Bata's new Westgate location which opened in February this year. Tough road ahead even with rebranding The label is also renovating and expanding its store in VivoCity to match its rebranding message. The store will reopen next month. "The store in VivoCity will have screens that showcase fashion trends and information about the latest Bata shoe technologies," says Mr Longo. Technologies include Bata Insolia, which helps to boost the comfort of high-heeled shoes. According to Bata, the patented weight- shift technology distributes weight equally between the toe and the heel areas. Bata sales staff have been trained to better serve younger customers who want better service, for instance, sharing knowledge about shoe benefits like Insolia. He adds: "We realised that Angela and Roberto would want to be served by professionals who can help them to find the right fit of shoe and understand the material of the shoes." But will this be an uphill climb for a brand with a conservative image so entrenched in people's minds? Mr Longo says no. "The store at Westgate with the new look has been very well received." The Bata veteran also makes it clear that the company will not alienate its current customers. "Now we see that a dominant segment of the market are those who are 20 to 35. But we will also never forget the customers that have patronised our stores all these years." Price points will remain the same, for instance, in the range of $30 to $60. Retail experts agree that the label needs to rebrand if it is to stay relevant and relate to the elusive millennial crowd. Dr Lewis Lim, associate professor of marketing practice at Nanyang Business School, says: "The new millennial generation has a very different concept of 'cool footwear' and the previous Bata brand image doesn't fit the modern definition of 'cool'." Bata needs to refresh its image to remain relevant in the competitive and cluttered marketplace, he says. National University of Singapore associate professor of marketing Ang Swee Hoon says the rebranding also targets a segment that spends more on shoes and clothing. "The younger generation wants more shoes - whether for work or for leisure. And for those who have not bought a house yet, they have no mortgage loans to consider. Hence disposable income is relatively high." As to whether the rebranding will succeed, experts say Bata may have to do more. Dr Lim says it cannot simply be about introducing trendy shoe designs. He says: "Young consumers are fussy about choosing brands that allow them to express their attitudes. When a young consumer puts on a pair of Bata shoes, the shoes need to say something complimentary about the person. There needs to be a level of sophistication in the brand personality." He adds that the label cannot expect to be seen as a cool brand if it is available only in neighbourhood stores. "The shoes need to hit the shelves of trendy fashion stores and be available at leading online stores where young consumers shop for apparel and accessories." Mr Samuel Tan, course manager of diploma in retail management at the Temasek Polytechnic School of Business, says the challenge for Bata is whether the re-invention differentiates it enough from competitors. "Brands that are appealing to younger customers are also required to constantly evolve to stay relevant to market demands. Bata would have to do this to succeed." Customers who shop at the well-known footwear provider say they are looking forward to the change. Graphic designer Fiona Tan, 29, who has been buying bags and wallets from Bata for the last three years, says she will check out the label's new footwear because she trusts the quality of Bata products and likes their affordability. "So far, I've not bought their shoes because the designs are not to my liking. They aren't very eye-catching and colours can be dull. But I would give them a chance if they are more stylish." Mother-of-one Hannah Tsang, 31, who buys Bata shoes about twice a year, says she will buy more if trendier options are available. "I've gone to Bata since I was young and have the impression that their shoes are long-lasting. But the designs have been quite outdated or 'aunty-ish'. If that changes, it will be good." Changing customer perceptions will not be easy, but Mr Longo is confident in Bata's established history and new aspirational manifesto. "I think that with this rejuvenation of Bata, plus the fact that we are always updating and improving the quality and construction of our material, we can offer the most surprising designs at the best affordable price to our consumer." As for the Singaporean spin on what Bata means, Mr Longo says he has heard of the Buy And Throw Away acronym. "But I have another version which I prefer. Buy And Treasure Always." A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on May 04, 2017, with the headline 'Cool step forward'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  RETAIL STYLE FASHION SHOWS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/42uW Copy Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Keith Gordon Joins Brentwood Associates as Operating Partner LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Brentwood Associates, a leading consumer-focused private equity investment firm (“Brentwood”), announced the addition of Keith Gordon in the role of Operating Partner in its affiliated Operations Group. Gordon has been involved with past and present Brentwood portfolio companies as a board director of Allen Edmonds and currently as executive chairman of Excelligence Learning Corporation. A veteran executive with more than thirty years of experience in the consumer products and services sector, Gordon most recently served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of NuCO2, a leading provider of beverage gas systems to the restaurant and hospitality industry. His career also included various management roles driving growth at the Coca-Cola Company, Reebok, and Procter & Gamble, as well as a successful management consulting career at Zyman Group, where he led the Go-To-Market Strategy practice. At Zyman, Gordon developed strategic growth plans for global brands and helped establish high performance operating teams at several Fortune 500 companies. “We are very pleased to have Keith join Brentwood’s Operations Group,” said Brentwood partner Bill Barnum. “His deep expertise in the consumer space and his consistent record of driving profitable growth in highly competitive markets make him a perfect fit with our operating model. He will work closely with the Brentwood investment team to source and perform due diligence on new opportunities as well as to support existing portfolio companies. Adding a veteran talent like Keith is another step in strengthening our competitive position.” Gordon commented, “I am very pleased to formalize my partnership with the team at Brentwood and look forward to helping them continue their long-standing track record of successfully investing in the consumer sector. Leveraging my experience building great brands with great operating teams presents an opportunity to generate significant value for both the portfolio company and Brentwood; a great win-win scenario.” Gordon has a Bachelor of Arts from Denison University and has supported local philanthropic ventures as a Board Director for The Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl and Big Brothers Big Sisters of Florida. The Operations Group works with Brentwood portfolio companies in a range of operating initiatives and positions, and with Brentwood in its investment diligence processes. Gordon is an employee of BPE Growth & Operations, LLC, an affiliate of Brentwood and its management company, Brentwood Private Equity, LLC. ABOUT BRENTWOOD ASSOCIATES Brentwood Associates is a leading consumer-focused private equity investment firm with a 30-year history of investing in leading middle-market growth companies. Brentwood focuses on investments in growing businesses where it is able to leverage its extensive experience in areas such as: branded consumer products; multi-location strategies; direct-to-customer marketing, including direct mail and e-commerce; niche brands with specialty distribution; education; and business services. Since 1984, Brentwood’s dedicated private equity team has invested in 51 portfolio companies with an aggregate transaction value of over $6 billion. With significant experience in both investing and brand building, Brentwood is a value-added partner with entrepreneurs and senior management teams building world-class companies. For more information about Brentwood, please visit www.brentwood.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hovde Group Announces Formation of Operating Committee to Support Continued Growth and Business Momentum Next PostNext Probiotics Market Consumption 2017 Forecast to 2022 Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Keith Gordon Joins Brentwood Associates as Operating Partner LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Brentwood Associates, a leading consumer-focused private equity investment firm (“Brentwood”), announced the addition of Keith Gordon in the role of Operating Partner in its affiliated Operations Group. Gordon has been involved with past and present Brentwood portfolio companies as a board director of Allen Edmonds and currently as executive chairman of Excelligence Learning Corporation. A veteran executive with more than thirty years of experience in the consumer products and services sector, Gordon most recently served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of NuCO2, a leading provider of beverage gas systems to the restaurant and hospitality industry. His career also included various management roles driving growth at the Coca-Cola Company, Reebok, and Procter & Gamble, as well as a successful management consulting career at Zyman Group, where he led the Go-To-Market Strategy practice. At Zyman, Gordon developed strategic growth plans for global brands and helped establish high performance operating teams at several Fortune 500 companies. “We are very pleased to have Keith join Brentwood’s Operations Group,” said Brentwood partner Bill Barnum. “His deep expertise in the consumer space and his consistent record of driving profitable growth in highly competitive markets make him a perfect fit with our operating model. He will work closely with the Brentwood investment team to source and perform due diligence on new opportunities as well as to support existing portfolio companies. Adding a veteran talent like Keith is another step in strengthening our competitive position.” Gordon commented, “I am very pleased to formalize my partnership with the team at Brentwood and look forward to helping them continue their long-standing track record of successfully investing in the consumer sector. Leveraging my experience building great brands with great operating teams presents an opportunity to generate significant value for both the portfolio company and Brentwood; a great win-win scenario.” Gordon has a Bachelor of Arts from Denison University and has supported local philanthropic ventures as a Board Director for The Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl and Big Brothers Big Sisters of Florida. The Operations Group works with Brentwood portfolio companies in a range of operating initiatives and positions, and with Brentwood in its investment diligence processes. Gordon is an employee of BPE Growth & Operations, LLC, an affiliate of Brentwood and its management company, Brentwood Private Equity, LLC. ABOUT BRENTWOOD ASSOCIATES Brentwood Associates is a leading consumer-focused private equity investment firm with a 30-year history of investing in leading middle-market growth companies. Brentwood focuses on investments in growing businesses where it is able to leverage its extensive experience in areas such as: branded consumer products; multi-location strategies; direct-to-customer marketing, including direct mail and e-commerce; niche brands with specialty distribution; education; and business services. Since 1984, Brentwood’s dedicated private equity team has invested in 51 portfolio companies with an aggregate transaction value of over $6 billion. With significant experience in both investing and brand building, Brentwood is a value-added partner with entrepreneurs and senior management teams building world-class companies. For more information about Brentwood, please visit www.brentwood.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hovde Group Announces Formation of Operating Committee to Support Continued Growth and Business Momentum Next PostNext Probiotics Market Consumption 2017 Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Angela Merkel wants to strengthen the women’s agenda within the G20 Achronix to Present at 6th RISC-V Workshop in Shanghai May 8-11, 2017 FMI Predicts Car Battery Chargers Market: Expected to Observer Major Growth by 2026 Avis aux médias : Invitation au lancement officiel du CAFE EN FUT BERENDO au Café-librairie du Vieux Bouc FMI Research Report Explores the Car Wash Detergents and Soaps Market for the Forecast Period, 2016-2026 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Bethune-Cookman president says school founder would approve of Devos speech Betsy DeVos Education Secretary-designate Betsy DeVos testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, at her confirmation hearing before the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) (Carolyn Kaster) Print Email Lauren Gibbons | lgibbon2@mlive.com By Lauren Gibbons | lgibbon2@mlive.com MLive.com Follow on Twitter on May 03, 2017 at 2:00 PM comments The president of a historically black university in Florida has responded to criticism about inviting U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos to speak at the school's commencement ceremony.  In a column published in The Orlando Sentinel Wednesday, Bethune-Cookman University President Edison O. Jackson said he understood the concerns people have shared about his inviting DeVos to speak at the school. But he argued the school's founder, educator and civil rights leader Mary McLeod Bethune, went out of her way to "navigate the precarious waters of fundamental disagreement" by engaging with and seeking support from people across the political spectrum, including John D. Rockefeller, James Proctor of Proctor and Gamble, Henry Flagler of the Standard Oil Company and former President and First Lady Franklin D. and Eleanor Roosevelt. "I am of the belief that it does not benefit our students to suppress voices that we disagree with, or to limit students to only those perspectives that are broadly sanctioned by a specific community," he wrote in the column. "When we shelter our students and campus communities from views that are diametrically opposed to their own, we actually leave our students far less capable of combating those ideas." Upcoming Betsy DeVos speech at historically black university sparks controversy "Perhaps DeVos, much like those early initial skeptics who came to our college, will be inspired by the profound work that occurs here with our students," he continued.  DeVos, a West Michigan native, is scheduled to speak at the university 12 p.m. Wednesday, May 10, a few months after DeVos was widely criticized for connecting historically black colleges and universities, or HBCUs, to the school choice movement.  Her scheduled appearance has inspired a change.org petition to stop her from giving the speech. On Twitter, people have been protesting DeVos' upcoming speech under the hashtags #StopDeVosBCU and #StopDeVosAtBethuneCookmanUniversity. According to the Tampa Bay Times, the Florida chapter of the NAACP called the scheduled speech a "slap in the face to minorities, women and all communities of color." DeVos criticized for calling historically black schools 'pioneers of school choice' Michigan's Best Michigan's Best Sub: 10 finalists revealed More Michigan's Best » Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos, videos from celebrations across Michigan Vote for this week's best dressed Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 389.37 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19445.70 0.70%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.328%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.57 -0.52%   Euro ▲ 1.0886 0.00%   DJIA ▲ 20957.90 0.04%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In The Middle Seat What Caused an Epic Meltdown at Delta The Bike Getting Teens Back on Two Wheels—or One Eating & Drinking Canned Beer for Beer Snobs: The 6 Best Craft Brews to Crack Slow Food Fast Spaghetti With Tomatoes and Scapes: 20-Minute Recipe Style & Fashion A Facebook Exec’s Guide to Dressing Like a Grown-up in Silicon Valley Fresh Picks A $3,000 Men’s Scarf for $575? A New Kind of Bargain Le Coucou Takes Top Restaurant Honor at Beard Awards Adventure & Travel Retracing a WWI Soldier’s Fate in Rural France: The Rise of Ancestry Travel Historically Speaking The Mystery of Genius The A-hed Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted My Tech Essentials How the Host of ‘Good Morning America’ Gets a Great Night’s Sleep Why Running the Kentucky Derby Costs Some Horse Owners Millions of Dollars Giro d’Italia Bike Race Scraps Fastest Descender Prize Amid Safety Fears Baseball’s Sluggers Fight Back Against the Shift Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records https://www.wsj.com/articles/as-interest-rates-rise-it-may-be-time-to-tweak-the-portfolio-1492999262 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Life Journal Reports: Retirement As Interest Rates Rise, It May Be Time to Tweak the Portfolio Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. Investors have been squeezed for safe, attractive yields in recent years. Illustration: Matthew Hollister for The Wall Street Journal By Michael Pollock April 23, 2017 10:01 p.m. ET 3 COMMENTS Many older investors longing for the days when they could earn reasonable returns from relatively safe certificates of deposit and money-market funds have cheered what appears to be the beginning of a more rapid rise in interest rates. But for those in that group who are trying to carefully manage retirement portfolios, the situation could end up being a double-edged sword. Journal Report Podcast Subscribe to the Journal Report podcast at wsj.com, on iTunes or Google Play Music. Rising rates could reduce appetites for already overvalued stocks well before returns on CDs and money-market funds reset to levels that would allow today’s retirement savers, like those of generations before them, to use such investments as the sturdy legs of their portfolios. These days, stocks have taken on the role of workhorse in many retirement accounts, meaning some retirees could get pinched if the rewards they receive for risking capital in equities get smaller. As a result, many financial professionals believe today’s retirement savers need to continue to invest in stocks to preserve capital and generate enough growth to stay ahead of inflation—but with some fine-tuning. Here are a few of their ideas, along with a few caveats, for navigating this shifting investment landscape. 1. Don’t swing for the fences. Journal Report Insights from The Experts Read more at WSJ.com/Encore More in Encore: The New Retirement When Good Money Habits Turn Against You Where to Find Great Volunteer Vacations Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? If You Ever Wanted to Retire in Italy After lifting rates twice since last fall, the Federal Reserve is expected to boost its rate target five or six more times through next year. Juggernaut stocks, or those that investors have bid up to expensive valuations because of their perceived high growth potential, could take a big hit if higher rates trigger a market pullback. Instead, investors should consider stodgy but steady stocks such as Procter & Gamble Co. or Johnson & Johnson, which tend to hold up better when the market heads lower, says Scott Clemons, chief investment strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman. “Investors who want to preserve and grow capital patiently don’t need to hit home runs,” says Mr. Clemons. Companies with strong cash flows that consistently boost dividends offer a buffer against rising rates, says Dennis Notchick, an adviser at Safeguard Investment Advisory Group, San Diego. Mr. Notchick uses the Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF (VIG), which he says has held up well in broad market downdrafts. Another ETF that follows a similar approach is the iShares Core Dividend Growth ETF (DGRO). 2. Stay really diversified. As market sentiment shifts, there’s always a risk that investors could find themselves holding stocks that have fallen out of favor. Avoid making major bets on one sector or asset class, says Michael Macke, president of Jacksonville, Fla.-based Petros Advisory Services. A very broad portfolio “should give you the highest odds of growing and protecting your wealth in retirement,” he says. One way to get diversified exposure is through a fund such as Vanguard Total Stock Market index (VTSMX), which holds nearly 3,600 securities of varying market capitalization. The iShares Core S&P Total US Stock Market ETF (ITOT) and Schwab U.S. Broad Market ETF (SCHB) offer broad U.S. equity exposure and charge very low fees. 3. Beware rate-sensitive stocks. As some investors have sought lower volatility and better income, they’ve flocked to high-yielding stocks such as utilities. If bond yields continue to rise, those stocks might be hit by selling as investors switch to relatively safer fixed-income investments paying comparable yields, says Doug Ramsey, chief investment officer at Leuthold Group. But as long as the economy continues to grow, investors could see reasonable returns from funds or ETFs that focus on consumer discretionary, energy and information technology, sectors that historically have performed well despite rising rates, says Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and Mutual Fund Research at CFRA, New York. Mr. Rosenbluth suggests Fidelity Dividend ETF for Rising Rates (FDRR), which owns Apple Inc. and J&J, or PowerShares S&P 500 Ex-rate Sensitive Low Volatility (XRLV), which holds J&J and 3M Co. among larger positions. 4. Find growth outside the U.S. Because valuations are lower overseas, some professionals believe foreign markets offer better growth prospects than U.S. stocks. Research Affiliates sees emerging markets appreciating 9% a year in the coming decade, in part because of cheaper valuations, says Chris Brightman, chief investment officer at the firm. For some investment professionals, stocks are still the best bet. Photo: iStockphoto/Getty Images Mr. Macke of Petros is putting about half of the non-U. S. portion of portfolios he oversees into developed markets such as Europe and half into emerging-markets. He uses Vanguard Developed Markets Index Fund (VDVIX), a multi-cap fund that is available also as an ETF, and Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund (VEIEX), another with an ETF counterpart. “The opportunities I see come more from global markets,” says Mr. Macke. 5. Watch investing costs—they may matter even more. The benefits of owning a lower-fee fund or ETF may be obvious: The less a fund charges to cover expenses, the more of its returns are left over for fundholders. Research suggests that active funds with lower fees also are better performers than those with higher fees, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research at Morningstar Inc. Previously in Encore Five Myths About Landing a Good Job Later in Life(November 2016) How to Use Tech to Connect to Grandchildren(November 2016) ‘I Used to Be So Cool. What Happened?’(November 2016) It’s Time to Rethink the Bucket List Retirement (March 2016) One reason might be that the best-managed funds tend to attract more investor money, and economies of scale make it possible for those funds to reduce fees. “Fees always matter,” Mr. Kinnel says. But if investors are careful about fees and market returns turn out to be lower, “then there’s a lower margin for error in hitting your goals.” Mr. Pollock is a writer in Ridgewood, N.J. He can be reached at reports@wsj.com. Appeared in the Apr. 24, 2017, print edition as 'As Rates Rise, It’s Time To Tweak the Portfolio.' The Mental Mistakes We Make With Retirement Spending The mind-set and habits that work so well when people are building their nest egg can damage their quality of life—and investments—in retirement. Click to Read Story Love at First Sight: Retiring in Italy The bureaucracy and four-hour lunch break can be maddening. But the kindnesses, beauty, food—and price—can’t be beat. Click to Read Story When ‘Enough’ Doesn’t Have to Mean ‘More’ Essayist Robbie Shell writes about giving up the relentless pursuit for more and finding contentment in retirement. Click to Read Story Advertisement New Procedure Looks Promising for Men With Enlarged Prostates The minimally invasive treatment uses steam to kill cells and shrink the prostate. Click to Read Story Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? Two experts look at the same data—and come to very different conclusions. Click to Read Story Recommended New Books for Those Who Are Grieving Sheryl Sandberg and other authors offer strategies on how to move forward after suffering a loss. Click to Read Story Advertisement More in Encore Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (3) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Close As interest rates rise, it may be time to tweak the portfolio By Michael Pollock Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. From To Message SEND Thank you This article has been sent to Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
MCD elections results | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Thu, May 04 2017. 08 07 AM IST Madison World acquires Brand-comm Madison World has acquired a controlling stake in Bengaluru-based brand consulting and public relations firm Integrated Brand-comm Subscribe to our newsletter. Saumya Tewari The acquisition comes in the wake of Madison’s efforts to consolidate its public relation offering. Photo: Bloomberg Bengaluru: Madison World, the largest independent media company in the country, has acquired a controlling stake in Bengaluru-based brand consulting and public relations firm Integrated Brand-comm Pvt. Ltd. The acquisition comes in the wake of company’s efforts to consolidate its public relation offering. Madison declined to divulge the percentage of the stake acquired or the size of the deal. Founded by Ramanujam Sridhar, Brand-comm is an 18-year-old communications consulting company with operations in six cities including Bengaluru, Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata and Hyderabad. Its range of integrated services include comprehensive consultancy across brand consulting, public relations and digital marketing. Brand-comm will continue to exist as an independent entity offering services along with Madison PR which is being headed by Paresh Chaudhry and has 80-member strong team across offices in Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Pune and Chennai. Madison’s public relation arm currently works with clients such as consumer goods firm Procter & Gamble, ITC, GSK (vaccines division), hotel chain JW Marriott, Abbott Healthcare, Tata Power, Café Coffee Day and consumer electrical firm Crompton Greaves among others. Speaking on the development, Sam Balsara, chairman and managing director, Madison World said, “Brand-comm is a well-respected communications company in the South and Ramanujam Sridhar is a recognized name in the field. We believe both parties will gain significantly from the synergies of this partnership.” Lara Balsara Vajifdar, executive director, Madison World added that between Madison PR and Brand-comm, they will have 120 people. “We hope to close many more new relationships in the near future,” she said. Ramanujam Sridhar, founder and chief executive officer, said, “Sam Balsara is a legend in the communications industry in India and it is a privilege to be a partner of Madison World. We see significant benefit to our clients and employees from this partnership.” Noting that the public relations industry is growing at 15% to 20% and is estimated to reach Rs 2,100 crore by 2020, Nitin Mantri, president of the public relations consultants association and chief executive of Avian Media said that the Brand-comm acquisition is a testimony of the fact that PR firms now have to be more integrated, offering digital and social media services to stay relevant. “Brand-comm is more than just a PR firm it also offers brand consultancy and digital marketing services. The traditional PR model is dead and firms now are offering digital and social media services which add immense value to the media companies which acquire them. Although consolidation is happening in the industry, I believe independent PR firms will continue to play a critical part in the growth of the industry bringing creativity and nimbleness,” he said. Saumya Tewari Topics: Madison World Brand Comm stake sale acquisition public relations More From Livemint READ MORE India faces piquant situation at WTO In search of a ‘Dharna Chowk’ in Hyderabad IPL 2017: Rahul Tripathi fires Supergiants to 4-wicket win over Knight Riders First Published: Wed, May 03 2017. 05 41 PM IST Editor's Picks The fault in IPL match schedules Cabinet clears ordinance to tackle Rs9.64 trillion bad loans at India’s banks Why India should tax agricultural income Latest News In search of a ‘Dharna Chowk’ in Hyderabad IPL 2017: Rahul Tripathi fires Supergiants to 4-wicket win over Knight Riders Global gold prices rise, but hold near six-week low on Fed rate hike worries Affordable home loans grew 23% over the last five years: TransUnion Cibil report Govt paves way for easy exploration of oil and gas reserves in forest areas Mint On Sunday The private lives of Delhi’s LGBT youth Getting Justin Bieber to India is very, very hard work 2003 World Cup final: If only India had chosen to bat first... E. coli: Why so famous? Maria Sharapova returns, so do the questions Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
﻿ Menu  TMG Corporate website Adomonline website Multi-TV website Joy Fm Luv Fm Adom Fm Nhyira Fm Hitz Fm Asempa Fm Services About Us Contact us Advertisements Our Daily Bread Partners Google DW BBC Rancard Zenolive Media Photos Videos Audio Live Radio Live TV Social  RSS Feeds  Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Google plus  LinkedIn  Instagram Community Sign in Newsletter Download App Features Special Assignment HotLine coming soon Events Bridal Fair Old Skuul Reunion Elections More Mynews Weather Stock Market Menu Classic View Home News Politics Sports Business Entertainment Opinion World Elections Live Radio Watch Live TV Photos Audio Videos TV More Man invents controversial glue stick to contain menstrual flow Man invents controversial glue stick to contain menstrual flow Source: oddity central Date: 27-02-2017 Time: 09:02:21:am Leave it to a man to come up with the  dumbest solution to one of women’s most uncomfortable problems – menstruation.  Daniel Dopps, a chiropractor from Kansas, USA, has obtained a patent for the “Mensez Adhesive Vaginal Lipstick”, essentially a glue stick that seals the vagina shut to contain menstrual flow. Yes, really! “Mensez feminine lipstick is a natural patented compound of amino acids and oil in a lipstick applicator that is applied to the labia minora and causes them to cling together in a manner strong enough to retain menstrual fluid in the vestibule above the labia minora where the vaginal opening and urethra exit,” Dr. Dopps explains on his LinkedIn page. “The Mensez compound is instantly washed away with urine, which releases the menstrual fluid along with the urine into the toilet every time a woman urinates. No pads or tampons are needed. Safe, secure and clean.” In the beginning, everyone thought that this product had to be a joke, but Dopps, the CEO and President of Mensez Technologies, said that it was in fact real. You can’t find vaginal adhesive in stores just yet, as Mensez just got the patent for the technology in January, but the company is actively looking to sell it to interested companies that specialize in feminine hygiene, like Procter & Gamble or Kimberly Clark. So far, at least one company has shown interest in their idea. However, supposing he can actually convince some executives to buy his unusual invention, and that it passes trials and regulatory requirements, women would have to find the idea of gluing their vaginas appealing for this thing to hit the market. Apparently, not many of them do. Many women have taken to social media to show their disapproval for the Mensez feminine glue stick and express their doubts that Dopps actually has any knowledge of the female anatomy. “How is this compound blood and sweat proof, but somehow dissolved by ammonia in the urine?”, “Can users be sure that the urine will fully dissolve the seal?”, “What about the risk of infection from retained menstrual fluids?”, “Does this man know the difference between a urethra and a vagina?” are just some of the questions asked on Facebook and Twitter. When confronted about them, Dopps simply told Forbes that the glue stick “will be thoroughly tested and improved” and that it “makes more sense than putting the plug up there.” A bizarre Facebook post in which Mensez compares the sensation of having the vagina glued shut with waking up with your lips stuck together has already received a lot of negative comments, and the media hasn’t been too kind to Dopps or his invention. The general reaction has apparently been too much for the Kansas chiropractor who recently snapped and wrote this in reply to a negative comment on his company’s Facebook page: “[Y]ou as a woman should have come up with a better solution than diapers and plugs, but you didn’t. Reason being women are focused on and distracted by your period 25% of the time, making them far less productive than they could be. Women tend to be far more creative than men, but their periods that [sic] stifle them and play with their heads.” Wow, I’m sure women will start throwing money at Dopps after reading that comment. If the vaginal glue didn’t prove that this man understands women, his misogynistic words certainly do. What others are reading NDC must stay in opposition for 16 years – Kweku Baako Expect power in three hours - GRIDCO confirms 70% plunged in darkness Association of alcohol manufacturers commends FDA probe into Adonko Bitters saga Students get ‘free passco’ on Vodafone’s Instant Schools portal Latest Stories Akufo-Addo advocates for 24-hours opening of Ghana-Togo borders I’m sorry – Nii Noi begs Akufo-Addo A rewarding career in Corporate Communications Expect power in three hours - GRIDCO confirms 70% plunged in darkness Coventry graduate recounts life-changing commitment to tackling terrorism Previous article In love with an introvert? Here's what you need to know Next article Kenya government orders private media advertising boycott LIFESTYLE Doctors unhappy with queueing to use theatre ODD NEWS Father drinks his daughter's breast milk to help beat bowel cancer AUTOS The Junction Mall Auto Show TECHNOLOGY Galaxy S8: The Smartphone Evolution We Dreamt About OBITUARY Madam SARDIS EMMAROSE OSEW ELECTIONS EC holds district elections in Nkoranza after 2015 disruption Home News Politics Business Sports World News Opinion More Sections Entertainment Elections Health Odd News Automobile Technology Media Audio on Demand Photo Gallery Online Radio Videos On Demand Live TV Social RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook Youtube Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Myjoyonline Advertise Online Team Privacy Policy Services Contact us Feedback Our daily bread
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 389.37 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19445.70 0.70%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.328%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.56 -0.54%   Euro ▲ 1.0886 0.00%   DJIA ▲ 20957.90 0.04%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In The Middle Seat What Caused an Epic Meltdown at Delta The Bike Getting Teens Back on Two Wheels—or One Eating & Drinking Canned Beer for Beer Snobs: The 6 Best Craft Brews to Crack Slow Food Fast Spaghetti With Tomatoes and Scapes: 20-Minute Recipe Style & Fashion A Facebook Exec’s Guide to Dressing Like a Grown-up in Silicon Valley Fresh Picks A $3,000 Men’s Scarf for $575? A New Kind of Bargain Le Coucou Takes Top Restaurant Honor at Beard Awards Adventure & Travel Retracing a WWI Soldier’s Fate in Rural France: The Rise of Ancestry Travel Historically Speaking The Mystery of Genius The A-hed Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted My Tech Essentials How the Host of ‘Good Morning America’ Gets a Great Night’s Sleep Why Running the Kentucky Derby Costs Some Horse Owners Millions of Dollars Giro d’Italia Bike Race Scraps Fastest Descender Prize Amid Safety Fears Baseball’s Sluggers Fight Back Against the Shift Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records https://www.wsj.com/articles/as-interest-rates-rise-it-may-be-time-to-tweak-the-portfolio-1492999262 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Life Journal Reports: Retirement As Interest Rates Rise, It May Be Time to Tweak the Portfolio Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. Investors have been squeezed for safe, attractive yields in recent years. Illustration: Matthew Hollister for The Wall Street Journal By Michael Pollock April 23, 2017 10:01 p.m. ET 3 COMMENTS Many older investors longing for the days when they could earn reasonable returns from relatively safe certificates of deposit and money-market funds have cheered what appears to be the beginning of a more rapid rise in interest rates. But for those in that group who are trying to carefully manage retirement portfolios, the situation could end up being a double-edged sword. Journal Report Podcast Subscribe to the Journal Report podcast at wsj.com, on iTunes or Google Play Music. Rising rates could reduce appetites for already overvalued stocks well before returns on CDs and money-market funds reset to levels that would allow today’s retirement savers, like those of generations before them, to use such investments as the sturdy legs of their portfolios. These days, stocks have taken on the role of workhorse in many retirement accounts, meaning some retirees could get pinched if the rewards they receive for risking capital in equities get smaller. As a result, many financial professionals believe today’s retirement savers need to continue to invest in stocks to preserve capital and generate enough growth to stay ahead of inflation—but with some fine-tuning. Here are a few of their ideas, along with a few caveats, for navigating this shifting investment landscape. 1. Don’t swing for the fences. Journal Report Insights from The Experts Read more at WSJ.com/Encore More in Encore: The New Retirement When Good Money Habits Turn Against You Where to Find Great Volunteer Vacations Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? If You Ever Wanted to Retire in Italy After lifting rates twice since last fall, the Federal Reserve is expected to boost its rate target five or six more times through next year. Juggernaut stocks, or those that investors have bid up to expensive valuations because of their perceived high growth potential, could take a big hit if higher rates trigger a market pullback. Instead, investors should consider stodgy but steady stocks such as Procter & Gamble Co. or Johnson & Johnson, which tend to hold up better when the market heads lower, says Scott Clemons, chief investment strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman. “Investors who want to preserve and grow capital patiently don’t need to hit home runs,” says Mr. Clemons. Companies with strong cash flows that consistently boost dividends offer a buffer against rising rates, says Dennis Notchick, an adviser at Safeguard Investment Advisory Group, San Diego. Mr. Notchick uses the Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF (VIG), which he says has held up well in broad market downdrafts. Another ETF that follows a similar approach is the iShares Core Dividend Growth ETF (DGRO). 2. Stay really diversified. As market sentiment shifts, there’s always a risk that investors could find themselves holding stocks that have fallen out of favor. Avoid making major bets on one sector or asset class, says Michael Macke, president of Jacksonville, Fla.-based Petros Advisory Services. A very broad portfolio “should give you the highest odds of growing and protecting your wealth in retirement,” he says. One way to get diversified exposure is through a fund such as Vanguard Total Stock Market index (VTSMX), which holds nearly 3,600 securities of varying market capitalization. The iShares Core S&P Total US Stock Market ETF (ITOT) and Schwab U.S. Broad Market ETF (SCHB) offer broad U.S. equity exposure and charge very low fees. 3. Beware rate-sensitive stocks. As some investors have sought lower volatility and better income, they’ve flocked to high-yielding stocks such as utilities. If bond yields continue to rise, those stocks might be hit by selling as investors switch to relatively safer fixed-income investments paying comparable yields, says Doug Ramsey, chief investment officer at Leuthold Group. But as long as the economy continues to grow, investors could see reasonable returns from funds or ETFs that focus on consumer discretionary, energy and information technology, sectors that historically have performed well despite rising rates, says Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and Mutual Fund Research at CFRA, New York. Mr. Rosenbluth suggests Fidelity Dividend ETF for Rising Rates (FDRR), which owns Apple Inc. and J&J, or PowerShares S&P 500 Ex-rate Sensitive Low Volatility (XRLV), which holds J&J and 3M Co. among larger positions. 4. Find growth outside the U.S. Because valuations are lower overseas, some professionals believe foreign markets offer better growth prospects than U.S. stocks. Research Affiliates sees emerging markets appreciating 9% a year in the coming decade, in part because of cheaper valuations, says Chris Brightman, chief investment officer at the firm. For some investment professionals, stocks are still the best bet. Photo: iStockphoto/Getty Images Mr. Macke of Petros is putting about half of the non-U. S. portion of portfolios he oversees into developed markets such as Europe and half into emerging-markets. He uses Vanguard Developed Markets Index Fund (VDVIX), a multi-cap fund that is available also as an ETF, and Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund (VEIEX), another with an ETF counterpart. “The opportunities I see come more from global markets,” says Mr. Macke. 5. Watch investing costs—they may matter even more. The benefits of owning a lower-fee fund or ETF may be obvious: The less a fund charges to cover expenses, the more of its returns are left over for fundholders. Research suggests that active funds with lower fees also are better performers than those with higher fees, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research at Morningstar Inc. Previously in Encore Five Myths About Landing a Good Job Later in Life(November 2016) How to Use Tech to Connect to Grandchildren(November 2016) ‘I Used to Be So Cool. What Happened?’(November 2016) It’s Time to Rethink the Bucket List Retirement (March 2016) One reason might be that the best-managed funds tend to attract more investor money, and economies of scale make it possible for those funds to reduce fees. “Fees always matter,” Mr. Kinnel says. But if investors are careful about fees and market returns turn out to be lower, “then there’s a lower margin for error in hitting your goals.” Mr. Pollock is a writer in Ridgewood, N.J. He can be reached at reports@wsj.com. Appeared in the Apr. 24, 2017, print edition as 'As Rates Rise, It’s Time To Tweak the Portfolio.' The Mental Mistakes We Make With Retirement Spending The mind-set and habits that work so well when people are building their nest egg can damage their quality of life—and investments—in retirement. Click to Read Story Love at First Sight: Retiring in Italy The bureaucracy and four-hour lunch break can be maddening. But the kindnesses, beauty, food—and price—can’t be beat. Click to Read Story When ‘Enough’ Doesn’t Have to Mean ‘More’ Essayist Robbie Shell writes about giving up the relentless pursuit for more and finding contentment in retirement. Click to Read Story Advertisement New Procedure Looks Promising for Men With Enlarged Prostates The minimally invasive treatment uses steam to kill cells and shrink the prostate. Click to Read Story Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? Two experts look at the same data—and come to very different conclusions. Click to Read Story Recommended New Books for Those Who Are Grieving Sheryl Sandberg and other authors offer strategies on how to move forward after suffering a loss. Click to Read Story Advertisement More in Encore Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (3) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Close As interest rates rise, it may be time to tweak the portfolio By Michael Pollock Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. From To Message SEND Thank you This article has been sent to Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 389.37 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19445.70 0.70%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.327%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.56 -0.54%   Euro ▲ 1.0883 -0.03%   DJIA ▲ 20957.90 0.04%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In The Middle Seat What Caused an Epic Meltdown at Delta The Bike Getting Teens Back on Two Wheels—or One Eating & Drinking Canned Beer for Beer Snobs: The 6 Best Craft Brews to Crack Slow Food Fast Spaghetti With Tomatoes and Scapes: 20-Minute Recipe Style & Fashion A Facebook Exec’s Guide to Dressing Like a Grown-up in Silicon Valley Fresh Picks A $3,000 Men’s Scarf for $575? A New Kind of Bargain Le Coucou Takes Top Restaurant Honor at Beard Awards Adventure & Travel Retracing a WWI Soldier’s Fate in Rural France: The Rise of Ancestry Travel Historically Speaking The Mystery of Genius The A-hed Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted My Tech Essentials How the Host of ‘Good Morning America’ Gets a Great Night’s Sleep Why Running the Kentucky Derby Costs Some Horse Owners Millions of Dollars Giro d’Italia Bike Race Scraps Fastest Descender Prize Amid Safety Fears Baseball’s Sluggers Fight Back Against the Shift Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records https://www.wsj.com/articles/as-interest-rates-rise-it-may-be-time-to-tweak-the-portfolio-1492999262 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Life Journal Reports: Retirement As Interest Rates Rise, It May Be Time to Tweak the Portfolio Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. Investors have been squeezed for safe, attractive yields in recent years. Illustration: Matthew Hollister for The Wall Street Journal By Michael Pollock April 23, 2017 10:01 p.m. ET 3 COMMENTS Many older investors longing for the days when they could earn reasonable returns from relatively safe certificates of deposit and money-market funds have cheered what appears to be the beginning of a more rapid rise in interest rates. But for those in that group who are trying to carefully manage retirement portfolios, the situation could end up being a double-edged sword. Journal Report Podcast Subscribe to the Journal Report podcast at wsj.com, on iTunes or Google Play Music. Rising rates could reduce appetites for already overvalued stocks well before returns on CDs and money-market funds reset to levels that would allow today’s retirement savers, like those of generations before them, to use such investments as the sturdy legs of their portfolios. These days, stocks have taken on the role of workhorse in many retirement accounts, meaning some retirees could get pinched if the rewards they receive for risking capital in equities get smaller. As a result, many financial professionals believe today’s retirement savers need to continue to invest in stocks to preserve capital and generate enough growth to stay ahead of inflation—but with some fine-tuning. Here are a few of their ideas, along with a few caveats, for navigating this shifting investment landscape. 1. Don’t swing for the fences. Journal Report Insights from The Experts Read more at WSJ.com/Encore More in Encore: The New Retirement When Good Money Habits Turn Against You Where to Find Great Volunteer Vacations Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? If You Ever Wanted to Retire in Italy After lifting rates twice since last fall, the Federal Reserve is expected to boost its rate target five or six more times through next year. Juggernaut stocks, or those that investors have bid up to expensive valuations because of their perceived high growth potential, could take a big hit if higher rates trigger a market pullback. Instead, investors should consider stodgy but steady stocks such as Procter & Gamble Co. or Johnson & Johnson, which tend to hold up better when the market heads lower, says Scott Clemons, chief investment strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman. “Investors who want to preserve and grow capital patiently don’t need to hit home runs,” says Mr. Clemons. Companies with strong cash flows that consistently boost dividends offer a buffer against rising rates, says Dennis Notchick, an adviser at Safeguard Investment Advisory Group, San Diego. Mr. Notchick uses the Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF (VIG), which he says has held up well in broad market downdrafts. Another ETF that follows a similar approach is the iShares Core Dividend Growth ETF (DGRO). 2. Stay really diversified. As market sentiment shifts, there’s always a risk that investors could find themselves holding stocks that have fallen out of favor. Avoid making major bets on one sector or asset class, says Michael Macke, president of Jacksonville, Fla.-based Petros Advisory Services. A very broad portfolio “should give you the highest odds of growing and protecting your wealth in retirement,” he says. One way to get diversified exposure is through a fund such as Vanguard Total Stock Market index (VTSMX), which holds nearly 3,600 securities of varying market capitalization. The iShares Core S&P Total US Stock Market ETF (ITOT) and Schwab U.S. Broad Market ETF (SCHB) offer broad U.S. equity exposure and charge very low fees. 3. Beware rate-sensitive stocks. As some investors have sought lower volatility and better income, they’ve flocked to high-yielding stocks such as utilities. If bond yields continue to rise, those stocks might be hit by selling as investors switch to relatively safer fixed-income investments paying comparable yields, says Doug Ramsey, chief investment officer at Leuthold Group. But as long as the economy continues to grow, investors could see reasonable returns from funds or ETFs that focus on consumer discretionary, energy and information technology, sectors that historically have performed well despite rising rates, says Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and Mutual Fund Research at CFRA, New York. Mr. Rosenbluth suggests Fidelity Dividend ETF for Rising Rates (FDRR), which owns Apple Inc. and J&J, or PowerShares S&P 500 Ex-rate Sensitive Low Volatility (XRLV), which holds J&J and 3M Co. among larger positions. 4. Find growth outside the U.S. Because valuations are lower overseas, some professionals believe foreign markets offer better growth prospects than U.S. stocks. Research Affiliates sees emerging markets appreciating 9% a year in the coming decade, in part because of cheaper valuations, says Chris Brightman, chief investment officer at the firm. For some investment professionals, stocks are still the best bet. Photo: iStockphoto/Getty Images Mr. Macke of Petros is putting about half of the non-U. S. portion of portfolios he oversees into developed markets such as Europe and half into emerging-markets. He uses Vanguard Developed Markets Index Fund (VDVIX), a multi-cap fund that is available also as an ETF, and Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund (VEIEX), another with an ETF counterpart. “The opportunities I see come more from global markets,” says Mr. Macke. 5. Watch investing costs—they may matter even more. The benefits of owning a lower-fee fund or ETF may be obvious: The less a fund charges to cover expenses, the more of its returns are left over for fundholders. Research suggests that active funds with lower fees also are better performers than those with higher fees, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research at Morningstar Inc. Previously in Encore Five Myths About Landing a Good Job Later in Life(November 2016) How to Use Tech to Connect to Grandchildren(November 2016) ‘I Used to Be So Cool. What Happened?’(November 2016) It’s Time to Rethink the Bucket List Retirement (March 2016) One reason might be that the best-managed funds tend to attract more investor money, and economies of scale make it possible for those funds to reduce fees. “Fees always matter,” Mr. Kinnel says. But if investors are careful about fees and market returns turn out to be lower, “then there’s a lower margin for error in hitting your goals.” Mr. Pollock is a writer in Ridgewood, N.J. He can be reached at reports@wsj.com. Appeared in the Apr. 24, 2017, print edition as 'As Rates Rise, It’s Time To Tweak the Portfolio.' The Mental Mistakes We Make With Retirement Spending The mind-set and habits that work so well when people are building their nest egg can damage their quality of life—and investments—in retirement. Click to Read Story Love at First Sight: Retiring in Italy The bureaucracy and four-hour lunch break can be maddening. But the kindnesses, beauty, food—and price—can’t be beat. Click to Read Story When ‘Enough’ Doesn’t Have to Mean ‘More’ Essayist Robbie Shell writes about giving up the relentless pursuit for more and finding contentment in retirement. Click to Read Story Advertisement New Procedure Looks Promising for Men With Enlarged Prostates The minimally invasive treatment uses steam to kill cells and shrink the prostate. Click to Read Story Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? Two experts look at the same data—and come to very different conclusions. Click to Read Story Recommended New Books for Those Who Are Grieving Sheryl Sandberg and other authors offer strategies on how to move forward after suffering a loss. Click to Read Story Advertisement More in Encore Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (3) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Close As interest rates rise, it may be time to tweak the portfolio By Michael Pollock Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. From To Message SEND Thank you This article has been sent to Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 389.37 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19445.70 0.70%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.327%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.56 -0.54%   Euro ▲ 1.0883 -0.03%   DJIA ▲ 20957.90 0.04%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In The Middle Seat What Caused an Epic Meltdown at Delta The Bike Getting Teens Back on Two Wheels—or One Eating & Drinking Canned Beer for Beer Snobs: The 6 Best Craft Brews to Crack Slow Food Fast Spaghetti With Tomatoes and Scapes: 20-Minute Recipe Style & Fashion A Facebook Exec’s Guide to Dressing Like a Grown-up in Silicon Valley Fresh Picks A $3,000 Men’s Scarf for $575? A New Kind of Bargain Le Coucou Takes Top Restaurant Honor at Beard Awards Adventure & Travel Retracing a WWI Soldier’s Fate in Rural France: The Rise of Ancestry Travel Historically Speaking The Mystery of Genius The A-hed Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted My Tech Essentials How the Host of ‘Good Morning America’ Gets a Great Night’s Sleep Why Running the Kentucky Derby Costs Some Horse Owners Millions of Dollars Giro d’Italia Bike Race Scraps Fastest Descender Prize Amid Safety Fears Baseball’s Sluggers Fight Back Against the Shift Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records https://www.wsj.com/articles/as-interest-rates-rise-it-may-be-time-to-tweak-the-portfolio-1492999262 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Life Journal Reports: Retirement As Interest Rates Rise, It May Be Time to Tweak the Portfolio Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. Investors have been squeezed for safe, attractive yields in recent years. Illustration: Matthew Hollister for The Wall Street Journal By Michael Pollock April 23, 2017 10:01 p.m. ET 3 COMMENTS Many older investors longing for the days when they could earn reasonable returns from relatively safe certificates of deposit and money-market funds have cheered what appears to be the beginning of a more rapid rise in interest rates. But for those in that group who are trying to carefully manage retirement portfolios, the situation could end up being a double-edged sword. Journal Report Podcast Subscribe to the Journal Report podcast at wsj.com, on iTunes or Google Play Music. Rising rates could reduce appetites for already overvalued stocks well before returns on CDs and money-market funds reset to levels that would allow today’s retirement savers, like those of generations before them, to use such investments as the sturdy legs of their portfolios. These days, stocks have taken on the role of workhorse in many retirement accounts, meaning some retirees could get pinched if the rewards they receive for risking capital in equities get smaller. As a result, many financial professionals believe today’s retirement savers need to continue to invest in stocks to preserve capital and generate enough growth to stay ahead of inflation—but with some fine-tuning. Here are a few of their ideas, along with a few caveats, for navigating this shifting investment landscape. 1. Don’t swing for the fences. Journal Report Insights from The Experts Read more at WSJ.com/Encore More in Encore: The New Retirement When Good Money Habits Turn Against You Where to Find Great Volunteer Vacations Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? If You Ever Wanted to Retire in Italy After lifting rates twice since last fall, the Federal Reserve is expected to boost its rate target five or six more times through next year. Juggernaut stocks, or those that investors have bid up to expensive valuations because of their perceived high growth potential, could take a big hit if higher rates trigger a market pullback. Instead, investors should consider stodgy but steady stocks such as Procter & Gamble Co. or Johnson & Johnson, which tend to hold up better when the market heads lower, says Scott Clemons, chief investment strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman. “Investors who want to preserve and grow capital patiently don’t need to hit home runs,” says Mr. Clemons. Companies with strong cash flows that consistently boost dividends offer a buffer against rising rates, says Dennis Notchick, an adviser at Safeguard Investment Advisory Group, San Diego. Mr. Notchick uses the Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF (VIG), which he says has held up well in broad market downdrafts. Another ETF that follows a similar approach is the iShares Core Dividend Growth ETF (DGRO). 2. Stay really diversified. As market sentiment shifts, there’s always a risk that investors could find themselves holding stocks that have fallen out of favor. Avoid making major bets on one sector or asset class, says Michael Macke, president of Jacksonville, Fla.-based Petros Advisory Services. A very broad portfolio “should give you the highest odds of growing and protecting your wealth in retirement,” he says. One way to get diversified exposure is through a fund such as Vanguard Total Stock Market index (VTSMX), which holds nearly 3,600 securities of varying market capitalization. The iShares Core S&P Total US Stock Market ETF (ITOT) and Schwab U.S. Broad Market ETF (SCHB) offer broad U.S. equity exposure and charge very low fees. 3. Beware rate-sensitive stocks. As some investors have sought lower volatility and better income, they’ve flocked to high-yielding stocks such as utilities. If bond yields continue to rise, those stocks might be hit by selling as investors switch to relatively safer fixed-income investments paying comparable yields, says Doug Ramsey, chief investment officer at Leuthold Group. But as long as the economy continues to grow, investors could see reasonable returns from funds or ETFs that focus on consumer discretionary, energy and information technology, sectors that historically have performed well despite rising rates, says Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and Mutual Fund Research at CFRA, New York. Mr. Rosenbluth suggests Fidelity Dividend ETF for Rising Rates (FDRR), which owns Apple Inc. and J&J, or PowerShares S&P 500 Ex-rate Sensitive Low Volatility (XRLV), which holds J&J and 3M Co. among larger positions. 4. Find growth outside the U.S. Because valuations are lower overseas, some professionals believe foreign markets offer better growth prospects than U.S. stocks. Research Affiliates sees emerging markets appreciating 9% a year in the coming decade, in part because of cheaper valuations, says Chris Brightman, chief investment officer at the firm. For some investment professionals, stocks are still the best bet. Photo: iStockphoto/Getty Images Mr. Macke of Petros is putting about half of the non-U. S. portion of portfolios he oversees into developed markets such as Europe and half into emerging-markets. He uses Vanguard Developed Markets Index Fund (VDVIX), a multi-cap fund that is available also as an ETF, and Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund (VEIEX), another with an ETF counterpart. “The opportunities I see come more from global markets,” says Mr. Macke. 5. Watch investing costs—they may matter even more. The benefits of owning a lower-fee fund or ETF may be obvious: The less a fund charges to cover expenses, the more of its returns are left over for fundholders. Research suggests that active funds with lower fees also are better performers than those with higher fees, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research at Morningstar Inc. Previously in Encore Five Myths About Landing a Good Job Later in Life(November 2016) How to Use Tech to Connect to Grandchildren(November 2016) ‘I Used to Be So Cool. What Happened?’(November 2016) It’s Time to Rethink the Bucket List Retirement (March 2016) One reason might be that the best-managed funds tend to attract more investor money, and economies of scale make it possible for those funds to reduce fees. “Fees always matter,” Mr. Kinnel says. But if investors are careful about fees and market returns turn out to be lower, “then there’s a lower margin for error in hitting your goals.” Mr. Pollock is a writer in Ridgewood, N.J. He can be reached at reports@wsj.com. Appeared in the Apr. 24, 2017, print edition as 'As Rates Rise, It’s Time To Tweak the Portfolio.' The Mental Mistakes We Make With Retirement Spending The mind-set and habits that work so well when people are building their nest egg can damage their quality of life—and investments—in retirement. Click to Read Story Love at First Sight: Retiring in Italy The bureaucracy and four-hour lunch break can be maddening. But the kindnesses, beauty, food—and price—can’t be beat. Click to Read Story When ‘Enough’ Doesn’t Have to Mean ‘More’ Essayist Robbie Shell writes about giving up the relentless pursuit for more and finding contentment in retirement. Click to Read Story Advertisement New Procedure Looks Promising for Men With Enlarged Prostates The minimally invasive treatment uses steam to kill cells and shrink the prostate. Click to Read Story Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? Two experts look at the same data—and come to very different conclusions. Click to Read Story Recommended New Books for Those Who Are Grieving Sheryl Sandberg and other authors offer strategies on how to move forward after suffering a loss. Click to Read Story Advertisement More in Encore Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (3) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Close As interest rates rise, it may be time to tweak the portfolio By Michael Pollock Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. From To Message SEND Thank you This article has been sent to Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 389.37 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19445.70 0.70%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.328%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.56 -0.54%   Euro ▲ 1.0886 0.00%   DJIA ▲ 20957.90 0.04%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In The Middle Seat What Caused an Epic Meltdown at Delta The Bike Getting Teens Back on Two Wheels—or One Eating & Drinking Canned Beer for Beer Snobs: The 6 Best Craft Brews to Crack Slow Food Fast Spaghetti With Tomatoes and Scapes: 20-Minute Recipe Style & Fashion A Facebook Exec’s Guide to Dressing Like a Grown-up in Silicon Valley Fresh Picks A $3,000 Men’s Scarf for $575? A New Kind of Bargain Le Coucou Takes Top Restaurant Honor at Beard Awards Adventure & Travel Retracing a WWI Soldier’s Fate in Rural France: The Rise of Ancestry Travel Historically Speaking The Mystery of Genius The A-hed Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted My Tech Essentials How the Host of ‘Good Morning America’ Gets a Great Night’s Sleep Why Running the Kentucky Derby Costs Some Horse Owners Millions of Dollars Giro d’Italia Bike Race Scraps Fastest Descender Prize Amid Safety Fears Baseball’s Sluggers Fight Back Against the Shift Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records https://www.wsj.com/articles/as-interest-rates-rise-it-may-be-time-to-tweak-the-portfolio-1492999262 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Life Journal Reports: Retirement As Interest Rates Rise, It May Be Time to Tweak the Portfolio Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. Investors have been squeezed for safe, attractive yields in recent years. Illustration: Matthew Hollister for The Wall Street Journal By Michael Pollock April 23, 2017 10:01 p.m. ET 3 COMMENTS Many older investors longing for the days when they could earn reasonable returns from relatively safe certificates of deposit and money-market funds have cheered what appears to be the beginning of a more rapid rise in interest rates. But for those in that group who are trying to carefully manage retirement portfolios, the situation could end up being a double-edged sword. Journal Report Podcast Subscribe to the Journal Report podcast at wsj.com, on iTunes or Google Play Music. Rising rates could reduce appetites for already overvalued stocks well before returns on CDs and money-market funds reset to levels that would allow today’s retirement savers, like those of generations before them, to use such investments as the sturdy legs of their portfolios. These days, stocks have taken on the role of workhorse in many retirement accounts, meaning some retirees could get pinched if the rewards they receive for risking capital in equities get smaller. As a result, many financial professionals believe today’s retirement savers need to continue to invest in stocks to preserve capital and generate enough growth to stay ahead of inflation—but with some fine-tuning. Here are a few of their ideas, along with a few caveats, for navigating this shifting investment landscape. 1. Don’t swing for the fences. Journal Report Insights from The Experts Read more at WSJ.com/Encore More in Encore: The New Retirement When Good Money Habits Turn Against You Where to Find Great Volunteer Vacations Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? If You Ever Wanted to Retire in Italy After lifting rates twice since last fall, the Federal Reserve is expected to boost its rate target five or six more times through next year. Juggernaut stocks, or those that investors have bid up to expensive valuations because of their perceived high growth potential, could take a big hit if higher rates trigger a market pullback. Instead, investors should consider stodgy but steady stocks such as Procter & Gamble Co. or Johnson & Johnson, which tend to hold up better when the market heads lower, says Scott Clemons, chief investment strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman. “Investors who want to preserve and grow capital patiently don’t need to hit home runs,” says Mr. Clemons. Companies with strong cash flows that consistently boost dividends offer a buffer against rising rates, says Dennis Notchick, an adviser at Safeguard Investment Advisory Group, San Diego. Mr. Notchick uses the Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF (VIG), which he says has held up well in broad market downdrafts. Another ETF that follows a similar approach is the iShares Core Dividend Growth ETF (DGRO). 2. Stay really diversified. As market sentiment shifts, there’s always a risk that investors could find themselves holding stocks that have fallen out of favor. Avoid making major bets on one sector or asset class, says Michael Macke, president of Jacksonville, Fla.-based Petros Advisory Services. A very broad portfolio “should give you the highest odds of growing and protecting your wealth in retirement,” he says. One way to get diversified exposure is through a fund such as Vanguard Total Stock Market index (VTSMX), which holds nearly 3,600 securities of varying market capitalization. The iShares Core S&P Total US Stock Market ETF (ITOT) and Schwab U.S. Broad Market ETF (SCHB) offer broad U.S. equity exposure and charge very low fees. 3. Beware rate-sensitive stocks. As some investors have sought lower volatility and better income, they’ve flocked to high-yielding stocks such as utilities. If bond yields continue to rise, those stocks might be hit by selling as investors switch to relatively safer fixed-income investments paying comparable yields, says Doug Ramsey, chief investment officer at Leuthold Group. But as long as the economy continues to grow, investors could see reasonable returns from funds or ETFs that focus on consumer discretionary, energy and information technology, sectors that historically have performed well despite rising rates, says Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and Mutual Fund Research at CFRA, New York. Mr. Rosenbluth suggests Fidelity Dividend ETF for Rising Rates (FDRR), which owns Apple Inc. and J&J, or PowerShares S&P 500 Ex-rate Sensitive Low Volatility (XRLV), which holds J&J and 3M Co. among larger positions. 4. Find growth outside the U.S. Because valuations are lower overseas, some professionals believe foreign markets offer better growth prospects than U.S. stocks. Research Affiliates sees emerging markets appreciating 9% a year in the coming decade, in part because of cheaper valuations, says Chris Brightman, chief investment officer at the firm. For some investment professionals, stocks are still the best bet. Photo: iStockphoto/Getty Images Mr. Macke of Petros is putting about half of the non-U. S. portion of portfolios he oversees into developed markets such as Europe and half into emerging-markets. He uses Vanguard Developed Markets Index Fund (VDVIX), a multi-cap fund that is available also as an ETF, and Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund (VEIEX), another with an ETF counterpart. “The opportunities I see come more from global markets,” says Mr. Macke. 5. Watch investing costs—they may matter even more. The benefits of owning a lower-fee fund or ETF may be obvious: The less a fund charges to cover expenses, the more of its returns are left over for fundholders. Research suggests that active funds with lower fees also are better performers than those with higher fees, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research at Morningstar Inc. Previously in Encore Five Myths About Landing a Good Job Later in Life(November 2016) How to Use Tech to Connect to Grandchildren(November 2016) ‘I Used to Be So Cool. What Happened?’(November 2016) It’s Time to Rethink the Bucket List Retirement (March 2016) One reason might be that the best-managed funds tend to attract more investor money, and economies of scale make it possible for those funds to reduce fees. “Fees always matter,” Mr. Kinnel says. But if investors are careful about fees and market returns turn out to be lower, “then there’s a lower margin for error in hitting your goals.” Mr. Pollock is a writer in Ridgewood, N.J. He can be reached at reports@wsj.com. Appeared in the Apr. 24, 2017, print edition as 'As Rates Rise, It’s Time To Tweak the Portfolio.' The Mental Mistakes We Make With Retirement Spending The mind-set and habits that work so well when people are building their nest egg can damage their quality of life—and investments—in retirement. Click to Read Story Love at First Sight: Retiring in Italy The bureaucracy and four-hour lunch break can be maddening. But the kindnesses, beauty, food—and price—can’t be beat. Click to Read Story When ‘Enough’ Doesn’t Have to Mean ‘More’ Essayist Robbie Shell writes about giving up the relentless pursuit for more and finding contentment in retirement. Click to Read Story Advertisement New Procedure Looks Promising for Men With Enlarged Prostates The minimally invasive treatment uses steam to kill cells and shrink the prostate. Click to Read Story Is There Really a Retirement-Savings Crisis? Two experts look at the same data—and come to very different conclusions. Click to Read Story Recommended New Books for Those Who Are Grieving Sheryl Sandberg and other authors offer strategies on how to move forward after suffering a loss. Click to Read Story Advertisement More in Encore Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (3) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Close As interest rates rise, it may be time to tweak the portfolio By Michael Pollock Among suggestions from investment professionals: Go stodgy but steady with stocks, and look outside the U.S. From To Message SEND Thank you This article has been sent to Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Baby Diaper Market Report 2017 explores P&G, Kimberly Clark, Unicharm, SCA, Ontex, Kao, First Quality, Hengan, Daio these Top Players Baby Diaper Market Report offered by DecisionDatabases.com gives a market overview of the Baby Diaper industry which covers product scope, market revenue, opportunities, growth rate, sales volumes and figures. The report also explores the worldwide players of the market and is segmented by region, type and application with forecast to 2021. Baby diaper is designed to absorb and retain baby’s urine and faces while keeping the skin dry and healthy and to be easily and hygienically disposed of in household solid waste. This report focuses on the Baby Diaper in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/14760-baby-diaper-industry-analysis-report Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers P&G, Kimberly Clark, Unicharm, SCA, Ontex, Kao, First Quality, Hengan, Daio, Domtar, Chiaus, DSG, Pigeon, DaddyBaby, Fuburg Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America, Middle East and Africa Market Segment by Type, covers Disposable Baby Diaper, Cloth Diapers Download Free Sample Report of Global Baby Diaper Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-14760 There are 13 Chapters to deeply display the global Baby Diaper market. Chapter 1, to describe Baby Diaper Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Baby Diaper, with sales, revenue, and price of Baby Diaper, in 2015 and 2016; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2015 and 2016; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Baby Diaper, for each region, from 2011 to 2016; Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 9 and 10, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2011 to 2016; Chapter 11, Baby Diaper market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2016 to 2021; Chapter 12 and 13, to describe Baby Diaper sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, appendix and data source. Purchase the complete Global Baby Diaper Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-14760 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: Global Diapers Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/14539-diapers-market-analysis-report About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBaby Diaper Industry Report, Baby Diaper Market, Baby Diaper Market analysis, Baby Diaper Market growth, Baby Diaper Market Outlook, Baby Diaper Market Report, Baby Diaper Market Trends, Consumer, Consumer Goods, Global Baby Diaper Industry Report, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Optical Coherence Tomography Equipment Market 2017 – Key Players, Types, Segments and Application Next PostNext ezPaycheck for Trucking Companies: Kiss Payroll Tax Calculation Headache Goodbye Search Recent Posts Global Digital Mammography Equipment Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecast Analysis of Top Countries 2017-2022 Ilustrato Pictures International Inc. (ILUS: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information First Bitcoin Capital Corp. (BITCF: OTC Pink Limited) | Attorney Letter with Respect to Current Information Middle East and North Africa Corrosion Protective Coatings & Acid Proof Lining Market Expected to Reach US $3,163.8 Mn by 2026 End Nutritional High Intl Inc. (SPLIF: OTCQB) | Nutritional High Announces an Update in Respect to Aura Health Corp RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 264/9 (102) - PAK 393/10 (140) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Business News Why ads seem to be unending? (Thinkstock) Shares22 Collin Furtado | Wed, 3 May 2017-07:20am , Mumbai , DNA Here's why brands are increasingly choosing digital only video ad campaigns for marketing purpose While we have heard brands as well as ad agencies state several times the importance of the digital medium in the advertising world. However, barring a few exceptions, we have instead majorly seen TV ads which are retrofitted to digital platforms. It is not until recently that we have seen brands increasingly creating ads exclusively for the digital medium, weaving content marketing into them. These long 3 minute to even 5 minute ads are specifically created and suited to digital media platforms such as YouTube, Facebook, among others. Many of these brands refrain from a shorter version of these ads on TV as common sense tells that you cannot cram a 3 minute ad into 30 seconds without losing the intended effect of the ad film. Some e digital ad campaigns which have worked well recently include P&G's Vicks 'Touch of Care' ad campaign on the depiction of the story behind Indian transgender activist Gauri Sawant and her adopted daughter Gayatri, Paperboat's 'My first train ride' which takes us to railway journey's to our grandparents place during summer vacations, Nissan India's 'An Unexpected Vistor on the Pitch', Samsung's India Service ad, Google's 'Code it Possible' ad and Red Lable's 'Taste of Togetherness' campaign. Why digital video ad campaigns It is not only these brands that have come out with only digital ad campaigns, but there are many others too that have taken this step. Brands no longer seemed to be wanting to work under the time constraint that comes with the TV medium. Parvesh Debuka, Marketing Head, Hector Beverages said, "Digital is something where we have always been building content around. Our previous films are also exclusively for digital. TV has its set of advantages and ease of access. And digital has its advantages and ease of access. This long story format which we use, where we are allowed to use 3-4 minutes of storytelling time I think digital allows you to do more stories like that." Ahmed Naqvi, CEO & Co-founder of digital agency Gozoop said that the flexibility and the no time constraints of the platform is the reason that brands are creating digital first video ad campaigns. "Most brands are now realizing that their audience is now there on digital platforms. It enable to them to target their audience accurately and gives them the RoI they look for. Digital first campaigns allow them to understand what is working and not working immediately. This allows them to correct their marketing campaign and make any course corrections, which is not possible in any other medium. We have a lot of clients that come to us for digital first video campaigns. If it works on digital then some of them even think about taking it to TV." Besides the time constants are the higher costs of the TV medium in comparison to digital. As TV ads are priced as per 10 seconds and could cost Rs 80,000 to Rs 1 lakh on some of the highest rated channels and shows, it is one of the most expensive mediums. So are the costs something to factor in? Naqvi said that this is not the primary motive why brands are turning to creating digital video ads. "Some of the brands we work with spend the same money on digital as they would on a TV ad campaign. In terms of production values too digital video ads are the same level as mainline TV ads. Even promotion ad rates on digital platforms have increased significantly over the last few years. The reason brands are choosing digital as it gives them flexibility in time and course correction. Brands get reactions from people and comments which enable them to make changes in the campaign immediately. Digital video ad campaigns are also a series of ads which run for a longer period, over weeks at times." More digital video ads using content marketing Keeping the format and the costs aside, most importantly brands and marketers in India seem to be understanding what is content marketing and how the digital medium truly works. Content marketing by definition is creating and sharing content that does not explicitly promote a brand but is intended to stimulate interest in its product or services. The magic words here are 'content that does not explicitly promote a brand'. And content marketing, if done right, works wonderfully on an interactive medium such as digital. Yet you will find many brand managers or marketers brag at advertising conferences that they "engage" their customers through content marketing on digital, when essentially what they do is create content to push their brand or product heavily down the throats of consumers. After the campaign is out they sprinkle it with a little irrelevant numbers and stats, which they get from their social media agencies, and 'voila' the marketer gets started on a PPT presentation on their successful digital media campaign. Naqvi says the use of content marketing by brands is nothing new but more widespread now. "Brand's now understand that they need to give what a consumer needs. Only when it is useful to consumers then there will be a virality of the ad. Content marketing is used by brands to push their values and create value for the consumer. In the end, it is all about getting closer to a consumer so that they recall the brand at the time of purchase," he said. DIGITAL EDGE While TV ads are retrofitted to digital platforms, digital ads are specifically created for them Digital gives brands flexibility to produce content and comes without any time constraints Firms can make any course corrections during campaigns, which is otherwise not possible Collin Furtado Info Collin Furtado brings with him over 4 years of experience in the financial reporting team. He writes on financial markets, policies, brands, various sectors and advertising.    TOP TOP < MCDs to rent out locales for shooting   Comments   Also Read Money Markets on a roll: Sensex soars 189 points on reforms, earnings boost Money Global gold demand drops 18% to 1,034 tonne in Q1 2017: WGC Money Rupee opens lower by 9 paise against dollar Money India pitches for FDI in food processing industry Money Honda outpaces Bajaj Auto to become 2nd-largest bike maker in April Money V-Mart Q4 net profit at Rs 5 crore < Previous ArticleNext Article > MCDs to rent out locales for shooting Live Cricket Score Live WI 264/9 (102), 312/10 (98.5) PAK 393/10 (140) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Affordable housing drives home loans Roadmin plans Rs 60K cr land buys, says prices shot up after new Act ICICI net soars threefold, but bad loans zoom too Video WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! View all Tags India Business Report video ad campaigns advertising TV ads Digital Media YouTube Facebook Touch of Care Parvesh Debuka Hector Beverages Ahmed Naqvi Gozoop Gayatri Google SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Algerians vote for new parliament in ballot marked by apathy Bilkis rape case: HC upholds life imprisonment to 12 convicts Maharashtra: One policeman dead, 12 injured in landmine blast by Naxals JICA drainage & sewerage projects in Cuttack to end in Sep'18 Meerut: Abused woman files FIR, demands triple talaq from husband Sport FEATURE-Olympics-Vertically challenged NZ looks to newer snow sports Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Manzano makes CSL return as Guizhou manager Entertainment Ranbir Kapoor gets INSPIRED by Ranveer Singh's one night stand, here's how May the fourth be with you | Star Wars Celebration: Fan or not, it's highly recommended Can movie ticket prices be capped in Maharashtra? Mukesh Bhatt opens up! May the fourth be with you: The pet-peeves of a 'Star Wars' fan Why is Sanjay Dutt ANXIOUS about his biopic starring Ranbir Kapoor? Money Second review of Philippine mines to go ahead - finance official Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts Merck shares climb over 6% on strong Q4 show Cognizant offers six-nine months' salary to senior execs as exit option to cut wage bills Adani signs steel supply deal with Aus group Arrium Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Search for: njtoday.net – New Jersey's oldest weekly newspaper Main menu Skip to content Home Union County Middlesex County NJ News Opinion Health Money Schools Recreation & Lifestyle Sports Offbeat News Sub menu About us Advertise Print Subscriptions Send us stuff Share Your Family Events Citizen Journalism Classified Ads Food & Recipes Featured, National Equality Act Reintroduced in Congress with Unprecedented Corporate Support by Staff Report • May 4, 2017 • 0 Comments The Human Rights Campaign (HRC) joined with bipartisan lawmakers and an unprecedented number of businesses to announce re-introduction of the Equality Act — federal legislation that would guarantee explicit, permanent protections for LGBT people under our nation’s existing civil rights laws. The bipartisan legislation would provide clear and equal protections under federal law for all Americans in vital areas of life, like employment, access to public spaces, housing, credit, education, jury service, and federally-funded programs. Today, in a majority of U.S. states (31), LGBT people remain at risk of being fired, evicted or denied services because of sexual persecution for who they are. “No person’s fundamental rights should be determined by which side of a state line they live on,” said HRC President Chad Griffin. “The Equality Act will once and for all end the unacceptable patchwork of non-discrimination laws across this country that leaves LGBT people at risk. Every American should have a fair chance to earn a living, provide for their families, and live their lives without fear of discrimination. And at its core, that’s what the Equality Act is all about.” “Not only is discrimination is a real and persistent problem for far too many LGBT Americans, but this morally repugnant behavior is perfectly legal in most places,” said James Devine, a New Jersey Democratic strategist. “Americans have a right to privacy and deserve to be protected from bigotry.” Devine said polling has confirmed that nearly two-thirds of self-identified LGBT Americans report experiencing discrimination — including people like Carter Brown, a transgender man from Texas who lost his job after he was outed by his colleagues. Currently, 50 percent of LGBT Americans live in states where they are at risk of being fired, denied housing, or refused service because of who they are. There is no federal law explicitly protecting LGBT people from discrimination, and 31 states still lack fully-inclusive non-discrimination protections for LGBT people. Today’s announcement included unprecedented support from the business community: 92 major corporations have now joined HRC’s Business Coalition for the Equality Act. While the overwhelming majority of America’s leading businesses have already started addressing workplace fairness for LGBT employees, these major employers know how important the need is for a federal standard that treats all employees the same no matter which state they live in. The slate of companies endorsing the Equality Act have combined operations in all 50 states, headquarters spanning 23 states, and collectively generate $2.6 trillion in revenue. In total, these companies employ more than 5.8 million people across the United States. The overwhelming majority of Americans support full federal equality for LGBT people. Polling released last year by the nonpartisan Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) found that support for a bill like the Equality Act topped 70 percent nationally, including a majority of Democrats, Republicans and Independents. PRRI’s groundbreaking survey included 42,000 interviews in 50 states and found majority support for the Equality Act in all 50 states. The Equality Act is co-sponsored by 241 members of Congress. It was first introduced in 2015 by Representative David Cicilline (D-RI) and by Senators Jeff Merkley (D-OR), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) and Cory Booker (D-NJ). Major corporations that have endorsed the Equality Act include Abercrombie & Fitch Co.; Accenture; Adobe Systems Inc.; Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Airbnb Inc.; Alcoa Inc.; Amazon.com Inc.; American Airlines; American Eagle Outfitters; American Express Global Business Travel; Apple Inc.; Arconic; Automatic Data Processing Inc.; Bank of America; Best Buy Co., Inc.; Biogen; Boehringer Ingelheim USA Corp.; Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.; Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc.; Brown-Forman Corp.; CA Technologies Inc.; Caesars Entertainment Corp.; Capital One Financial Corp.; Cardinal Health Inc.; Cargill Inc.; Chevron Corp.; Choice Hotels International Inc.; Cisco Systems Inc.; The Coca-Cola Co.; Corning Inc.; Cox Enterprises; CVS Health Corp.; Darden Restaurants Inc.; Delhaize America Inc.; Diageo North America; The Dow Chemical Co.; Dropbox Inc.; E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (DuPont); eBay; EMC Corp.; Facebook Inc.; Gap Inc.; General Electric Co.; General Mills Inc.; Google Inc.; The Hershey Company; Hewlett Packard Enterprises; Hilton Worldwide Inc.; HP Inc.; HSN Inc.; Hyatt Hotels Corp.; IBM Corp.; Intel Corp.; InterContinental Hotels Group Americas; Johnson & Johnson; JP Morgan Chase & Co.; Kaiser Permanente; Kellogg Co.; Kenneth Cole Productions; Levi Strauss & Co.; Marriott International Inc.; MasterCard Inc.; McGraw Hill Financial; Microsoft Corp.; Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams; Monsanto Co.; Moody’s Corp.; Nike Inc.; Northrop Grumman Corp.; Office Depot Inc.; Oracle Corp.; Orbitz Worldwide Inc.; PepsiCo Inc.; Procter & Gamble Co.; Pure Storage Inc.; Qualcomm Inc.; Replacements Ltd.; Salesforce; SAP America Inc.; Sodexo Inc.; Symantec Corp.; T-Mobile USA Inc.; Target Corp.; Tech Data Corp.; TIAA; Twitter Inc.; Uber Technologies Inc.; Unilever; Warby Parker; Wedding Wire Inc.; Williams-Sonoma Inc.; and Xerox Corp. “Fairness and equality are core American values. But millions of LGBT Americans are still viewed as less than equal in the eyes of the law today,” said Cicilline. “I’m proud to introduce the Equality Act of 2017 with Senator Jeff Merkley. This bill ensures that every LGBT person can live their lives free from the fear of discrimination. Above all, it’s about honoring the values that have guided our nation since its founding. It’s critical that Congress pass the Equality Act into law.” “For far too long, the door of discrimination has been slammed shut on LGBTQ Americans,” added Senator Merkley. “It’s been slammed shut on equality, it’s been slammed shut on opportunity, and this must end. It’s time to have the Equality Act on the floor of the House and the floor of the Senate for a full debate.” “We cannot grow complacent in the quest for equal rights for all.  Every day it is evident that we still have work to do.  Basic constitutional human rights must be protected in every state,” LGBT Equality Caucus Co-Chair Jared Polis said.  “The Equality Act will finally give all LGBTQ Americans protections from discrimination. Equal rights are what sustain us as a unified nation, as the land of the free, and as an example for the entire world.” Despite significant advances, LGBT people across the country remain vulnerable to discrimination on a daily basis and too often have little recourse. With the advent of nationwide marriage equality, in many states, same-sex couples have the right to marry but have no explicit non-discrimination protections. In most states, this means that a same-sex couple could legally marry one day and risk being fired from their jobs, evicted from their apartment, or kicked out of a restaurant the next. The Equality Act ensures that the same protections already extended to other protected classes are equally available to LGBT Americans. It amends existing federal civil rights laws to explicitly prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity in education, employment, housing, credit, Federal jury service, public accommodations, and the use of Federal funds. In some of these areas, federal law prohibiting sex discrimination has already been properly interpreted by federal courts and administrative agencies to include discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. The Equality Act affirms that understanding of existing law and makes the prohibition against discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity explicit, in order to provide greater clarity to members of the public, employers, schools, businesses and other affected parties. In areas where sex discrimination is not already prohibited, the bill amends existing law to bar discrimination on the basis of sex, as well as sexual orientation, and gender identity. Cicilline, who also led the introduction of the Equality Act of 2015, introduced the proposal today with more co-sponsors than ever before in the U.S. House. Today also marks the first time that the bill is being introduced as a bipartisan proposal in the House. The full text of the Equality Act can be viewed by clicking here. Connect with NJTODAY.NET Join NJTODAY.NET's free Email List to receive occasional updates delivered right to your email address! Online Form - Constant Contact Signup Form HTML Form Builder Print PDF Post navigation ← Trump could turn Megachurches into Super PACs Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertise With NJTODAY.NET Copyright © 2017 njtoday.net. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, May 04, 2017 3:02 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Life Transforming business model through leveraging on your IP By Biruntha Mooruthi Thursday May 4, 2017 11:58 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Chile’s magical Torres del Paine The Edit: 10 of Shanghai’s best eateries The Edit: This is when Ed Sheeran will perform in KL The Edit: Jay Chou apologises for yelling at security during concert Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A thorough study needs to be made in order to have the best IP protection for your creation as this will be a good strategy when you tackle competition. KUALA LUMPUR, May 4 — In our previous article, we looked at what it takes to drive the knowledge-driven economy from a helicopter view.   In today’s article we will be focusing on how businesses can leverage on their intellectual property (IP) in transforming their business model.  More often than not, businesses spend significant time or money on their creation without thoroughly evaluating it for commercial potential, including considering all of its advantages and disadvantages.  In order to leverage on your technology, you need to know yourself. When I mention “know yourself”, I am referring to your business model. It is pivotal to have a clear understanding of your business model and identify the strengths and weaknesses of your business concept.  There are a few key ingredients that businesses need to know when developing a strong business concept and value propositions which will open doors to greater commercial opportunities such as licensing, franchising, alliance and collaborations or even divestments and spin-offs.  How does a company set about focusing the business dimension of its IP management? Although a full answer to this question requires some complex analyses, a good starting point is to think in terms of this simple three-step process:  Define what your company expects to gain from the management of its IP Determine the specific roles IP can play in support of your company’s business Select and pursue a basic IP strategy to meet these objectives Assembling a team with a good composition of technical, legal, marketing and key management personnel would be a good starting point to develop a well-considered business expansion plan.  In many organisations, the R&D, strategy, and legal functions are poorly integrated. Consequently, firms miss out on opportunities to create and exploit the value of intellectual property.  Functional silos are one reason arising from the lack of integration. More importantly, the lack of a common framework and even language that would allow engineers, lawyers, and business executives to manage IP assets better is a common problem.  At this stage, the team needs to identify their organisation objectives and align it with their intellectual property strategy. Once this has been crafted, the next step is the formation of a good IP strategy.  The IP strategy will be the crux of the business model that will drive organisation to the desired monetisation avenue.  The formation of an IP strategy will start off with what is to be protected within the said technology, product or services. It is very important to know your technology/product/services by dissecting the strengths and weaknesses for your creation.  Once this is identified, you need to identify the countries for your business concept and market information gathering such as market size, market share and market readiness.  This will help to develop appropriate tactics to penetrate the market. Did you know that a technology or product may consist of more than one type of IP protection?  A thorough study needs to be made in order to have the best IP protection for your creation as this will be a good strategy when you tackle competition.  The next element that is very crucial is the cost structure of the technology, product or services and its business legality for the various markets identified.  This factor is often overlooked due to the lack of market screening and customer acceptance. Price analysis should be conducted to develop a sound cost structure which is feasible to be adopted in various stages of the business cycle.  Once this has been achieved, businesses should strategise their exploitation models which could comprise one or more of the following models: Outright sale Donation/publication License Joint venture or alliance Reduce competitive threat Incorporation into existing business Create a new business The common trend that I notice in the Malaysian business landscape is that businesses tend to use their IP for defensive purposes only.  Their goals are to protect their own innovations, to ensure that they don’t infringe the IP of others, and to obtain more IP.  The costs in filing fees, enforcement and other legal expenses can be high. Another common approach is cost-control level where companies at this level still have a defensive approach, but now focus on finding ways to obtain protection while simultaneously minimising the costs of creating and maintaining their IP.  Many innovative companies fall into the integrated or visionary level. At integrated level, the company’s business units have grasped the power of using IP for a range of business roles.  The IP is used for business and becomes integrated across all of the company’s business activity. An interesting example is the Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) that revolutionised the at-home market when it introduced Crest Whitestrips, offering consumers a cheaper method to whiten their teeth.  P&G patented the strips, an adhesive material that guaranteed the whitening agent would remain in contact with the teeth for an extended period of time.  The cleverly designed patenting strategy made it close to impossible to invent around P&G’s product. Because the new product complimented the Crest brand more generally, P&G gained market share broadly across its oral care products.  At the visionary level of IP management sophistication, companies take a long-term view of the company’s role in business and in its industry.  They seek to use the company’s IP to create more strategic value. Visionary companies have IP portfolios that cover not only current products, but technologies that anticipate where the market will be in the future.  As for Google, it has become so huge and powerful where it has changed the paradigm of sharing information.  Once you have decided on your IP strategy and the ownership, allocate your resources and execute it. There is a life cycle to every intellectual property right and technology.  The management of IP is all about handling innovation with the procedures and processes that are required to turn that innovation into valuable rights.   An organisation without a clear IP direction is similar to a blind man without his cane.  * Biruntha Mooruthi is Vice President and Head of IPR Services of PlaTCOM Ventures Sdn Bhd, the national technology commercialisation platform of Malaysia—a wholly-owned subsidiary company of Agensi Inovasi Malaysia (AIM) formed in collabouration with SME Corp Malaysia.                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week US study shows wild dolphins are sicker than captive ones French prosecutors seek heavy fine for topless photos of UK’s Kate Exhibition of singer Tony Bennett's paintings in New York (VIDEO) Prince Harry to visit Singapore in June Transforming business model through leveraging on your IP In Muslim Indonesia, tiny Jewish community lives on World’s oldest gymnast, 92, stars in Singapore's International Ageing Week Morocco’s Christian converts emerge from the shadows Local YouTuber asks fans to Photoshop her — and the internet responds First Britain-China direct freight train arrives back in China Most Watched Now Week Epic ‘Dark Tower’ trailer unleashed Netflix unveils official trailer for ‘The Defenders’ Things get gory in new TV spot for ‘Alien: Covenant’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Malaysia ranked second in Asean for intellectual property protection Bridging the commercialisation gap in Malaysia — Part 1 Intellectual Property Protection in the kitchen? Innovation in the halal industry Rosmah urges handicraft entrepreneurs to go online Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hand Sanitizer Gel Market – Middle East and Africa Growth, Market Size, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2022 “CR Logo” New Market Research Reports Title “Hand Sanitizer Gel Market – Middle East and Africa Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2022” Has Been Added to Credenceresearch.com Report Database. According to a new market report published by Credence Research Inc “Hand Sanitizer Gel Market – Middle East and Africa Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2022,”  the Middle East and Africa hand sanitizer gel market is expected to The demand for hand sanitizers has gained momentum resulting from the prevalence of contagious maladies including avian flu, SARS, H1N1, and the recent Ebola virus disease. Periodic outbreak of these diseases paired with the fear of their continual pervasiveness, especially in Africa is one of the major factors driving demand for hand sanitizer gels in the region. Browse Full Report @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-gel-market As of 2015, the sales of hand sanitizer gels in Middle East and Africa was maximum through supermarkets and hypermarkets collectively in terms of both revenue. The revenue share of the segment stood at 31.2% in the same year. The trend shall prolong and the segment is presumed to hold on to its leading position throughout the forecast period 2016 – 2023. The anticipated growth in the segment will be driven by greater discounts offered by supermarkets and hypermarkets as compared to convenience stores. On the other hand, e-tailing which is relatively a newer trend in MEA is expected to witness surge in sales with the evolving digital habits of consumers during the forecast period. As of 2015, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia represented the largest individual hand sanitizer gel market in Middle-East and Africa. The country accounted for 25.6% of the global region’s market revenue in the same year. The market growth in the country can be largely credited to use of scentless hand sanitizer gels by Haj pilgrims. Haj groups and Tawafa establishments are placing large quantities of hand sanitizer gels, at the entrances of their camps in the holy sites. On the other hand, South Africa is expected to emerge as the most attractivehand sanitizer gel market in Middle-East and Africa market during the forecast period 2016 – 2023. The overall hand sanitizers gel market is highly fragmented in nature with existence of several regional as well as global players in the market. The hand sanitizer gel market in the MEA region is majorly governed by the presence of global companies in the region. The overall consumer care products market is competitive in nature, making the overall hand sanitizers gel market highly competitive. Major companies such as Procter & Gamble (P&G), Reckitt Benckiser, Unilever and others provide hand sanitizers as a part of their vast consumer care product portfolio. Thus, there can be seen large number of consumer care giants in the market operating across the healthcare, consumer care and home care products segment. Browse Full Report @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-gel-market About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58169 Company: http://www.credenceresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research, Inc Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-gel-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Retail, Services, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Healthcare Mobility Solutions Market Expected To Expand At A CAGR Of 26.1% From 2015 To 2022: Credence Research Next PostNext Irritable Bowel Syndrome With Diarrhea (IBS-D) Drugs Market Is Expected To Reach USD 1,115.06 Mn By 2022, Expanding At A CAGR Of 13.89% From 2016 To 2022: Credence Research Search Recent Posts Global Benzodiazepine Market to grow at a CAGR of 1.5% to 2.3% by 2022 North America Programmable Stage Lighting Market to 2022 – Analysis and Forecasts by Types and End-User Verticals Fruit and Vegetable Ingredients Market Outlook and Worldwide Forecast to 2022 North America Food-grade Alcohol Market 2017 – Sales,Price,Revenue,Gross Margin and Market Share Melcor REIT sells industrial warehouse asset in Lethbridge, AB RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Insignia Systems, Inc. Announces 2017 First Quarter Financial Results MINNEAPOLIS, MN / ACCESSWIRE / May 3, 2017 / Insignia Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: ISIG) („Insignia”) today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017 („Q1”). Insignia’s President and CEO, Kristine Glancy, commented, „We continue to expect to deliver our board approved budget despite our challenging first quarter results. Drivers of the decline in the first quarter are consistent with current trends in retail and the CPG industry. Our first quarter net sales decreased 21.6%, resulting in a net loss of $1,191,000. The decrease in sales was primarily driven by two customers who experienced significant budget cuts early in their planning cycles and organizational restructuring. Separate from these two customers, our cumulative net Q1 results were relatively flat across most of our other clients. We are working to diversify our client base in order to better manage quarter to quarter and client specific fluctuations. At the same time, we are collaborating with our current clients to identify ways in-store advertising can complement their out-of-store programs and highlight the overall effectiveness of our tactic.” Ms. Glancy continued, „Despite our slower start in 2017, we continue to focus on our strategic initiatives we previously announced to stabilize our revenues and profits. The four areas of growth we discussed are: product line expansions, retailer-centric opportunities, expanding our CPG relationships and forging new partnerships. In the first quarter of 2017, we added a number of new clients compared to first quarter of 2016. We are continuing to test several products in the marketplace, and look forward to sharing more details in the coming months assuming the products scale to an appropriate size and formally launch. In addition, we are on track for delivering the $1.0 million in cost reductions across Cost of Sales and Operating Expenses in 2017, which we had announced in February.” „Current POPS bookings for Q2 2017 are approximately $6.0 million, compared to $5.6 million at the same point Q2 2016 one year ago. Our total bookings for POPS programs set to run in the final three quarters of 2017 are $12.4 million, compared to $12.4 million in 2016 at the same point one year ago. Significant work is underway to stabilize the business and deliver more reliable and stable results. The company continues to work on its broad-scale business model transformation. As discussed previously, this transformation will take time but good progress has been made.” Q1 2017 Results Net sales decreased 21.6% to $4,767,000 in Q1 2017, from $6,078,000 in Q1 2016, primarily due to a 13.7% decrease in the number of signs placed, mostly due to two customers who experienced significant budget cuts early in their planning cycles and organizational restructuring, and a 10.5% decrease in average price per sign, which was the result of program and customer mix. Gross profit in Q1 2017 decreased to $629,000, or 13.2% of net sales, from $1,967,000, or 32.4% of net sales, in Q1 2016. The lower gross profit was primarily the result of decreased sales, as our gross profit is highly dependent on sales levels due to the relatively fixed nature of a portion of our payments to retailers, combined with a decreased average price per sign, and partially offset by decreased expense due to the discontinued sale of The Like Machine. The company is currently undertaking actions to reduce the fixed portion of its payments to certain retailers. The company incurred costs of approximately $100,000 associated with the implementation of its new IT infrastructure during both Q1 2017 and Q1 2016. The project is expected to be substantially completed during the third quarter of 2017, with estimated incremental expense of $300,000 in the remainder of 2017. Selling expenses in Q1 2017 were $888,000, or 18.7% of net sales, compared to $1,108,000, or 18.3% of net sales, in Q1 2016. The decrease in expenses was primarily due to lower variable compensation, as a result of lower sales, fewer sales personnel and decreased staff related expenses. Marketing expenses in Q1 2017 were $426,000, or 8.9% of net sales, compared to $270,000, or 4.4% of net sales, in Q1 2016. The increase was primarily due to increased marketing personnel and staff related costs, partially offset by decreased consulting fees. General and administrative expenses in Q1 2017 decreased to $1,053,000, or 22.1% of net sales, from $1,160,000, or 19.1% of net sales, in Q1 2016. The decrease was primarily due to decreased legal, executive recruiting, and other consulting fees, partially offset by increased employee compensation costs. Income tax benefit for Q1 2017 was 31.4% of pretax loss, or a benefit of $544,000, compared to income tax benefit of 41.9% of pretax loss, or $232,000, in Q1 2016. Tax expense will vary between periods, given the company’s policy of reassessing the annual effective rate on a quarterly basis, as well as the impact of any discrete tax items during the quarter. As a result of the items above, the net loss for Q1 2017 was $1,191,000, or $0.10 per basic and diluted share, compared to a net loss of $322,000, or $0.03 per basic and diluted share, in Q1 2016. As of March 31, 2017, cash and cash equivalents totaled $4.4 million, compared to $12.3 million as of December 31, 2016. The amounts for December 31, 2016 were prior to the one-time special dividend of $8.2 million paid on January 6, 2017. One-Time Special Dividend As previously announced, the Board of Directors declared a one-time special dividend of $0.70 per share to shareholders of record as of December 16, 2016, which was paid on January 6, 2017 in a total amount of $8.2 million. For preliminary information on the taxability of the dividend to shareholders, the company has published a copy of IRS Form 8937 on its website. Share Repurchase Plan As previously announced, the Board of Directors has approved a Stock Repurchase Plan authorizing the repurchase of up to $5.0 million of the Company’s common stock, from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions through October 30, 2017. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, there was no share repurchase activity. As of March 31, 2017, the approximate dollar value of share that may yet be purchased under the plan was $4.7 million. Annual Meeting We look forward to providing an operational update at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Insignia Systems, Inc. The Meeting will be held on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, at 9:00 a.m. Central Time, at the Minneapolis Marriott West, located at 9960 Wayzata Boulevard, Minneapolis, Minnesota. About Insignia Systems, Inc. Insignia Systems, Inc. markets in-store advertising products, programs and services primarily to consumer packaged goods manufacturers. Insignia provides at-shelf media solutions in approximately 13,000 retail supermarkets, 1,000 mass merchants and 8,000 dollar stores. With a client list of over 200 major consumer goods manufacturers, including General Mills, Kraft Heinz Company, Nestlé, and P&G, Insignia helps major brands deliver on their key engagement, promotion, and advertising objectives right at the point-of-purchase. For additional information, contact (888) 474-7677, or visit the Insignia website at www.insigniasystems.com. Investor inquiries can be submitted to [email protected]. Cautionary Statement for the Purpose of Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 Statements in this press release that are not statements of historical or current facts are considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. The words „anticipates,” „believes,” „expects,” „seeks” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these or any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Statements made in this press release regarding, for instance: expectations as to full year and future financial performance; benefits of sales and marketing investments and IT infrastructure investments; timing of implementation of technology operating infrastructure; areas of growth; and ability to sustain and grow core products and status and timing of launch of new products, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current information, which we have assessed and which by its nature is dynamic and subject to rapid and even abrupt changes. As such, actual results may differ materially from the results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including: (i) the risk that the company may be unable to fully or successfully implement our business plan to achieve and maintain profitability in the future; (ii) the risk that the company will not be able to sustain and grow core product offerings or to develop, implement and grow new product offerings in a successful manner, including our ability to gain retailer acceptance of new product offerings; (iii) the unexpected loss of a major consumer packaged goods manufacturer relationship or retailer agreement or termination of our relationship with News America; (iv) prevailing market conditions in the in-store advertising industry, including intense competition for agreements with retailers and consumer packaged goods manufacturers and the effect of any delayed or cancelled customer programs; (v) potentially incorrect assumptions by management with respect to the financial effect of cost containment or reduction initiatives, current strategic decisions, current sales trends for fiscal year 2017; and (vi) other economic, business, market, financial, competitive and/or regulatory factors affecting the Company’s business generally, including those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and additional risks, if any, identified in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Forms 8-K filed with the SEC. Such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s filings with the SEC. The Company assumes no responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the reasons why actual results would differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement, other than as required by law. Contact: Insignia Systems, Inc. Kristine Glancy, CEO (763) 392-6200 Insignia Systems, Inc. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 2016 $ 4,767,000 $ 6,078,000 Cost of sales 4,138,000 4,111,000 Gross profit 629,000 1,967,000 Operating expenses: 888,000 1,108,000 426,000 270,000 General and administrative 1,053,000 1,160,000 Operating loss (1,738,000 ) (571,000 ) Other income, net 3,000 17,000 Loss before taxes (1,735,000 ) (554,000 ) Income tax benefit (544,000 ) (232,000 ) (1,191,000 ) (322,000 ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax — 9,000 Comprehensive loss $ (1,191,000 ) $ (313,000 ) Net loss per share: $ (0.10 ) $ (0.03 ) $ (0.10 ) $ (0.03 ) Shares used in calculation of net loss per share: 11,661,000 11,624,000 11,661,000 11,624,000 SELECTED BALANCE SHEET DATA (Unaudited) December 31, Cash and cash equivalents $ 4,393,000 $ 12,267,000 Working capital 10,622,000 11,850,000 Total assets 19,001,000 28,228,000 Total liabilities 4,936,000 13,119,000 Shareholders’ equity 14,065,000 15,109,000 SOURCE: Insignia Systems, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global DDoS Protection and Mitigation Market 2017-2022 Arbor Networks Inc, Akamai Technologies Inc, F5 Networks, Imperva Next PostNext Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited Announces Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Date Search Recent Posts New Book Aims to Inspire Women Facing Life Transitions Nurx.com Gives Away Birth Control in Anti-Contraception Activist, Teresa Manning’s Name Philadelphia Personal Injury Lawyer Discusses Big Box Store Injuries Ship & Shore Environmental, Inc. Closes two new deals in China, CEO advises local EPA Top Rated Web and Mobile App Development Company, Finoit Technologies, Incorporated in the US RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Lehigh Valley prom schedule 2017: See our photos Severe weather alert in Northampton, Monroe, Lehigh and Carbon counties. May 4 Features family At Mack in Allentown: See cars from Pixar's 'Cars 3' Cars 3 - NASCAR Collaboration Announcement Gerardo Mora/Getty Images for Disney See the cars from ‘Cars 3’ Thursday, May 4 at the Mack Customer Service Center in Allentown. See the cars from ‘Cars 3’ Thursday, May 4 at the Mack Customer Service Center in Allentown. (Gerardo Mora/Getty Images for Disney) Mack Trucks hosts 'Cars 3' tour "Cars" fans, here's your chance to see the life-size characters up close. The "Road to the Races" tour promoting the new Disney-Pixar movie "Cars 3" stops noon-2:30 p.m. Thursday at the Mack Customer Center, 2402 Lehigh Parkway South, Allentown. The tour is crossing the country before the movie premieres June 16. Pose with Mack the Transporter and the cars of "Cars 3," including Lightning McQueen, Jackson Storm and Cruz Ramirez. There will be tents with games, activities, food and giveaways from tour sponsors: Mattel, Alamo, Proctor & Gamble/Crest, Oral B, Coppertone, Dole and NASCAR. You can also visit a mini theater for a sneak peek of the movie. Everything is free. In "Cars 3," everyone is beginning to wonder if Lightning McQueen (Owen Wilson) should retire after he's trounced in a race by newcomer Jackson Storm (Armie Hammer). But McQueen is not ready to throw in the towel and enlists the help of another rookie, Cruz Ramirez (Cristela Alonzo). McQueen becomes an old dog learning some new tricks to attempt a comeback in the Florida 500. Caption LA 90: The women behind 'The Handmaid's Tale' Men rule the fictional world in Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale," but behind the scenes, women were instrumental to the show. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Men rule the fictional world in Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale," but behind the scenes, women were instrumental to the show. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption LA 90: The women behind 'The Handmaid's Tale' Men rule the fictional world in Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale," but behind the scenes, women were instrumental to the show. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Men rule the fictional world in Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale," but behind the scenes, women were instrumental to the show. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption What to know about LAX's new private terminal for the rich and famous Officials estimate that the operator of LAX would earn about $34 million from the Private Suite during its 10-year lease period. Officials estimate that the operator of LAX would earn about $34 million from the Private Suite during its 10-year lease period. Caption 2017 Tony Awards nominations The award show will be aired June 11 on CBS. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The award show will be aired June 11 on CBS. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption VIDEO - #fun #Mochi #yum Whole Foods has a self serve mochi counter.  Mochi are small Asian confections that are super trendy.  Mochi ice cream is rice dough stretched and filled with flavored ice creams or red bean paste.  Whole Foods has a self serve mochi counter.  Mochi are small Asian confections that are super trendy.  Mochi ice cream is rice dough stretched and filled with flavored ice creams or red bean paste.  Caption 'Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet Of 1812' Lead Tony Nominations The musical adaptation of Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace" has 12 Tony nominations. Jeff Michael and Sharon Tay reports. The musical adaptation of Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace" has 12 Tony nominations. Jeff Michael and Sharon Tay reports. Info: 610-351-8800, movies.disney.com/cars-3-tour. — Jennifer Sheehan Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Armie Hammer Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 43°
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search What's the Most Risky Thing You've Done in Your Career? 1 hour ago Array 0 Grey Taps John Patroulis for Long-Vacant Role of Worldwide Chief Creative Officer By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 hours ago Array 0 Lowdown: Kraft Embraces the Potty-Mouth Side of Parenting By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 hours ago Array 0 Heineken's 'Social Experiment' Racks Up Views 4 hours ago Array 0 Zuckerberg Calls Crime and Abuse Videos on Facebook 'Heartbreaking,' Announces 3,000 New Moderator Hires By Simon Dumenco - 4 hours ago Array 0 What's the Most Risky Thing You've Done in Your Career? 1 hour ago 0 Hulu Introduces Shop-Able Ads, 360-Degree Spots and Its Live TV Service at NewFronts By Jeanine Poggi - 5 hours ago 0 Eight Things You Don't Know About 'Fearless Girl' By Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago 0 Video: Ford Marketing Boss on Future of the Self-Driving Car By David Hall - 1 hour ago 0 Don't Leave the Loyalist in the Dust By Natasha Hritzuk - 6 hours ago 0 Fox News Co-President Shine Steps Down Amid Internal Strife - Yesterday 0 Food Flight: Why Talent Is Fleeing By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Meet the Grandma Behind VW's New Family-Oriented Marketing for Bigger Vehicles By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 What's Happening: Inside Twitter's Big Video Push By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 The Fox in the Henhouse: Agencies Balk When Consultants Come to Audit By Lindsay Stein and Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Lowdown: Kraft Embraces the Potty-Mouth Side of Parenting By Adrianne Pasquarelli. Published on May 03, 2017. Most Popular The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Gap trades celebrity roster for supermarket aisle More than a few consumers might have celebrity fatigue, judging by the frosty reception of Pepsi's Kendall Jenner spot. Gap is tapping into it by featuring regular people in its summer campaign. After canvassing grocery stores, malls and colleges around the country for its 10 cast members, the San Francisco-based apparel chain is debuting "I Am Gap" this month. "We didn't want to be latching on to a random person in culture but randomly show culture the way it is," said MT Carney, founder of Untitled Worldwide, which worked with Gap to create the campaign of 10 15-second videos. Kraft embraces the potty-mouth side of parenting Forget wholesome and family-friendly: Kraft Macaroni and Cheese is trying to help moms feel better about swearing in front of their kids in a new pre-Mother's Day campaign from CP&B. Apparently, its research found 74% of moms admit to cursing in front of their kids (a percentage it said is higher than for dads). "We wanted to celebrate the perfectly imperfect side of parenting," Rachel Drof, marketing director, Kraft Macaroni & Cheese, said in a statement. Alternative phrasing includes "son of a motherless goat." Car wash for your butt Miki Agrawal's brand is in the toilet in more ways than one. She's founder of Tushy, which markets an attachment that turns your commode into a bidet, but is better known as co-founder and ex-CEO of Thinx reusable "period underwear." She was also the subject of a recent Racked expose alleging a "toxic workplace" and a luridly-detailed sexual-harassment complaint from a former employee. Agrawal is back with a new online video campaign from Captain Worldwide for Tushy, due out next week. Watch for key lines like "a car wash for your butt" that "sprays your hiney, super clean and shiny." At $69, it's a bargain! Returning "How are you?" to a question of genuine concern Philosophy is continuing to champion mental health with its first national advertising campaign behind Hope & Grace, an initiative founded three years ago. The brand, which donates 1% of its sales to mental-health organizations totaling $3 million so far, is asking people "How are you really?" in the public service announcement helmed by Global Senior VP Marie-Pierre Stark-Flora. The PSA is Philosophy's first work from new agency Badger & Winters. Nehemiah Manufacturing gets curious Nehemiah Manufacturing -- which sells spun-off Procter & Gamble . brands and products along with startup brands like Boogie Wipes using a workforce that's about 50% former felony convicts or people recovering from substance abuse -- named Curiosity Advertising Cincinnati as its new agency of record. Taking the snore out of sleep marketing Pittsburgh-based Foundation Consumer Healthcare, marketer of Theravent anti-snoring aids, has hired the Via Agency Portland, Me., as agency of record in anticipation of a national rollout. Help for color commitment issues Paint brand Valspar is out with a new campaign from Mediavest Spark, which turned to the Onion for custom video and distribution "targeting an elusive demographic segment known as 'enthusiastic actives' and 'frustrated actives,'" according to Mediavest. A faux TV shrink helps such unfortunates deal with commitment issues around beige and yellow, urging a visit to AskVal.com for assistance. Changes in the driver seat at Mini BMW-owned Mini, which is on the hunt for a new lead ad agency, this week announced a pair of senior management changes in the U.S., including a new brand leader. Patrick McKenna, who had been department head for product planning and aftersales, was named department head for Mini brand communications. Automotive News has more. Contributing: Jack Neff, Adrianne Pasquarelli, E.J. Schultz, Jessica Wohl In this article: Agencies Automotive Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy Health Millennials Packaged Food Retail Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Markets LATEST NEWS Beware of a bubble in small, mid-cap stocks, Sensex & Nifty may correct 10%: Rohit Srivastava, Sharekhan-BNP Paribas NPA policy: No relevance of Section 35A of Banking Regulation Act: Abizer Diwanji, EY India India's gold demand up 15% to 123.5 tonne in Q1 2017: World Gold Council Tight global supplies hit cashew industry in India Siddhivinayak Temple may opt for 12-year Gold Monetisation Scheme V-Mart, Future Retail among top retail stocks buzzing in trade today 9 solid tips to help you make more money in stocks & lose less Merck climbs 6% on strong Q4 results Steel players gain as Cabinet approves National Steel Policy Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets 11:32 AM | 04 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,073178.22 NIFTY 50 9,34735.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,234-238.00 USD/INR 64.210.06 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Asia up as upbeat earnings, data, sharpen risk appetite By Reuters | Updated: Oct 27, 2014, 08.34 AM IST Post a Comment TOKYO: Asian equities rose on Monday, taking heart from upbeat earnings and US economic data that eased recent global growth fears and sharpened risk appetite. The euro ticked higher but financial markets largely showed a muted reaction to Sunday's health check results of euro zone banks, which painted a slightly brighter picture than expected. Of the euro zone's 130 top lenders, 25 failed the health checks at the end of last year but most have since repaired their finances, the European Central Bank said on Sunday. Still, the test results were a sombre reminder that much work still remained, with the euro zone bank sector's long-term attractiveness damaged by revelations of extra non-performing loans and hidden losses that will dent future profits. "Banks face a significant challenge as the sector remains chronically unprofitable and must address their 879 billion euro exposure to non-performing loans as this will tie-up significant amounts of capital," accountancy firm KPMG noted. The euro was up 0.1 per cent at $1.2699, edging away from a two-week low of $1.2614 hit last week in wake of concerns about the bank tests. Asian equities advanced, with the MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan climbing 0.1 per cent and Tokyo's Nikkei gaining 0.5 per cent. "Stable housing starts in the US and solid Q3 GDP in the UK are likely to give the market some comfort after the recent concerns about global growth," strategists at Barclays wrote in a note to clients. Data on Friday showed new US home sales rose to a six-year high, while Britain's economy expanded 0.7 per cent in the third quarter, still on track to outpace other advanced economies. US stocks, recovering from a battering earlier in the month on worries about global growth losing momentum, gained on Friday on upbeat earnings from blue chips Microsoft and Procter & Gamble. Easing worries over the possible spread of Ebola in the United States also helped. The dollar traded at 108.08 yen after touching a three-week peak of 108.38, with a rise in US Treasury yields and improving risk appetite shoring up the greenback. The Brazilian real's non-deliverable forwards showed muted response so far after leftist President Dilma Rousseff narrowly won re-election on Sunday. Investors have generally disliked Rousseff's interventionist management of state-run companies and other sectors of the economy, but some traders think her re-election is already priced in as the real has fallen nearly 10 per cent since early September. In commodities, Brent crude fell 32 cents to $85.81 a barrel , continuing a months-long rout as signs of rising global supply threatened deeper losses. Iraq increased its oil supply in October and Libya's output remains high, despite instability in both countries. Gold edged lower as robust equity markets and strong US economic data dented demand for the precious metal. Spot gold was down 0.1 per cent at $1,230.97 an ounce. Comments(0)Add Comments Asia up as upbeat earnings, data, sharpen risk appetite To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB 12 astonishing amazing parks you can visit in USA Viral Vacation Ideas Terra Alegria Villas in Whitefield, Bangalore m1 Homes Top 10 Bollywood Flop Movies Which Attained Cult Status! CRITICSUNIONMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump pivots to tax reform after Obamacare shipwreck GDP up but no job security, only 16% earn regular wage White House looks to bounce back after health care loss From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share 20 Hottest Blonde Bombshells In Hollywood Ever SocialDaft! This game will keep you up all night! Vikings: Free Online Game 3 Ways Volunteering Can Change Your Life United Ways 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented One stock made big money for Jhunjhunwala & world’s richest Malayali: Check out how! ICICI Bank Q4 net jumps 3-fold; bad loans spike to record high Pharma stocks miss rally, but this stock defies trend, zooms 60% YTD! Top stocks in focus on Thursday, 4 May 2017 IRB InvIT Fund opens today; here’s what you need to know More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebMCD Election Result|RERA Bahubali 2|BSE Sensex KKR vs RPS|Gold rate today Sensex Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Latest News Dow 20,958 +8.01 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,073 -22.82 -0.37% S&P 500 2,388 -3.04 -0.13% 3:03 A.M. ET Societe Generale shares down 2.4% after decline in quarterly profit 3:03 A.M. ET HSBC profit beats views, spurring buyback hopes 3:03 A.M. ET Societe Generale, Libya fund to settle fraud case 3:02 A.M. ET HSBC shares rise 2.9% after quarterly earnings report 3:01 A.M. ET G4S revenue rises 8.9% in first quarter 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,304.78 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% higher at 7,264.32 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.87 2:59 A.M. ET Updated Glencore lifts guidance; copper output falls 2:57 A.M. ET RSA Insurance sees operating profit ahead of plans 2:56 A.M. ET BMW sales, earnings rise on one-off gains 2:55 A.M. ET Buckingham Palace calls Queen’s staff for an emergency meeting, setting rumors blazing 2:55 A.M. ET Shell quarterly profit surges 2:52 A.M. ET Carlsberg quarterly revenue rises 5% 2:51 A.M. ET Next warns of full-year sales, profit shortfall 2:51 A.M. ET Morrison's like-for-like quarterly sales grow 2:42 A.M. ET Updated European equities a buy, but Trump policy inaction a risk: Eaton Vance 2:17 A.M. ET AB InBev profit surges amid U.S., Brazil headwinds 2:16 A.M. ET Societe Generale profit down 19%; settles with LIA 2:14 A.M. ET Veolia profit rises 4.8% in first quarter Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: 5 signs a consumer slowdown may kill this stock-market rally By Jeff Reeves Published: May 3, 2017 3:32 p.m. ET Share Pay close attention to consumer and spending trends to get a sense of where the stock market is headed Getty Images Where are the shoppers? By JeffReeves Columnist Certain jobs like coal mining and fracking get a lot of press these days, in part because those industries are important supporters of President Donald Trump’s agenda. But according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in March, only about 52,000 Americans worked in the coal mining industry, and roughly 183,000 worked in oil and gas extraction. Those are literally rounding errors when taken in the context of the 143.7 million nonfarm jobs across the country. Perhaps even more surprising to some is that manufacturing — an industry the president talks about nearly nonstop — employs just under 12.4 million, or less than 9% of the total workforce. So what makes America’s economy and labor market tick? Simple: consumers. The retail trade industry, from grocery stores to hardware stores to used car lots, employs 15.8 million Americans, or roughly 11% of the job market. On top of that, hospitality jobs at restaurants and resorts employ another 15.5 million, or another 11%. In other words, if you’re looking for mineral rights in national parks to spark an economic boom, you’re misguided. Instead, investors should be paying close attention to consumer and spending trends if they want to get a sense of where the stock market is headed. And unfortunately, it may be headed downhill. Here are five recent reasons why: Consumer confidence may have peaked: Consumer confidence recently hit its highest level since the dot-com days, but there are signs that optimism from early 2017 is waning. In its April reading, the Conference Board found Americans grew more pessimistic about current economic conditions and the job market. Sure, sentiment is still elevated compared with before Election Day, but a lack of progress on big economic issues in Washington, should it continue, could mean we are at risk of declining confidence. Actual spending is meh: Of course, consumer confidence is a “soft” metric anyway. A clearer indicator is actual spending itself, which went nowhere in February. The meager 0.1% gain was the smallest in six months. And data released just a few days ago showed spending stayed depressed in March. So much for that confidence paying off via actual spending in early 2017. Big-name consumer stocks struggle: Looking beyond broad trends, what really matters to investors are sales and profits — and as first-quarter earnings show, many companies aren’t seeing Americans put their money where their mouth is. Consider Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.24% which cited soft spending as a drag on its latest earnings, or struggles at consumer names including Costco Wholesale Corp. COST, +0.69% and AutoZone Inc. AZO, +1.20% Sure, these consumer stocks all have unique pressures outside spending trends, but together, they point to a trend. Retail sales slump: It’s tempting to write off the troubles of AutoZone as yet another sign that the retail sector is doomed. But the bottom line is retail is a crucial industry — and pain for the sector is pain for the economy at large. The latest Census Bureau data shows that retail and food services sales were down in March after falling in February. Like it or lump it, retail sales are a very important indicator for America’s economy, both as a proxy for consumers and as a barometer of hiring and wages at major employers like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +0.32% which employs some 1.5 million Americans. Those who write off weakness in retail are shortchanging a vital indicator of economic health. GDP growth Is ugly: When you add all this up, it’s not surprising that the U.S. economy isn’t doing all that grand at the moment. U.S. GDP growth in the first quarter was a meager 0.7% — the slowest rate of growth in three years. And the kicker is that details from the Bureau of Economic Analysis reveal the worst personal spending trends since 2009, during the depths of the financial crisis. Consumer spending grew at an appalling 0.3% annualized rate — down dramatically from 3.5% at the end of 2016. Of course, there are the regular Goldilocks lines about the weather, which was either too warm or too cold, depending on your angle. And there are also the predictions of a consumer spending rebound in the second quarter thanks to a rising stock market and strong employment trends. But it’s worth noting that this rally is already long in the tooth, running eight years without a 20% decline or greater in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.13% and a whole lot of optimism was priced into the market last November without a whole lot of tangible results for the economy just yet. The market might not be ringing alarm bells and sending clear “sell” signals just yet. But if the state of the American consumer continues to look this bleak, we could very well see the alarm — and a steep decline for stocks — in the near future. More investing analysis from MarketWatch: The stock market’s earnings recovery is an illusion PineBridge veteran Michael Kelly on investing in a time of Trump: ‘Don’t fixate on some magical rule’ This is what the bull market’s last gasp looks like The 10 best, 10 worst U.S. stocks of 2017 Quote References PG +0.21 +0.24% COST +1.23 +0.69% AZO +8.24 +1.20% WMT +0.24 +0.32% SPX -3.04 -0.13% Show all references Most Popular Stephen Colbert on his anti-Trump rant: ‘I would do it again’ Why now may be a good time to buy gold and silver This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.4% 30 yr fixed 3.89% 15 yr fixed 3.08% 10 yr fixed 2.91% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.27% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.86% $50K HELOC 4.9% $75K HELOC 4.9% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.2% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.6% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.87% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.43% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.09% 48 Mo Used Car 3.07% 36 Mo Used Car 3.33% 72 Mo New Car 2.97% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.70% 12.59% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.08% 15.02% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.87% 15.83% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.79% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.28% 18.25% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.43 +0.21 (+0.24%) Volume 6.0M Open $86.30 High $86.63 Low $85.90 P/E Ratio 24.6 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 220.5B Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $179.82 +1.23 (+0.69%) Volume 2.8M Open $178.74 High $180.46 Low $178.70 P/E Ratio 33.18 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 78.4B AutoZone Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AZO $697.18 +8.24 (+1.20%) Volume 307.6K Open $689.32 High $698.39 Low $685.45 P/E Ratio 16.4 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 19.6B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $75.76 +0.24 (+0.32%) Volume 4.8M Open $75.40 High $75.88 Low $75.18 P/E Ratio 17.26 Div Yield 2.69 Market Cap 228.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,388.13 -3.04 (-0.13%) Volume 2.3B Open 2,387 High 2,390 Low 2,380 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 20,958 +8.01 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,073 -22.82 -0.37% S&P 500 2,388 -3.04 -0.13% 3:03 A.M. ET HSBC profit beats views, spurring buyback hopes 3:03 A.M. ET Societe Generale, Libya fund to settle fraud case 3:02 A.M. ET HSBC shares rise 2.9% after quarterly earnings report 3:01 A.M. ET G4S revenue rises 8.9% in first quarter 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,304.78 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% higher at 7,264.32 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.87 2:59 A.M. ET Updated Glencore lifts guidance; copper output falls 2:57 A.M. ET RSA Insurance sees operating profit ahead of plans 2:56 A.M. ET BMW sales, earnings rise on one-off gains 2:55 A.M. ET Buckingham Palace calls Queen’s staff for an emergency meeting, setting rumors blazing 2:55 A.M. ET Shell quarterly profit surges 2:52 A.M. ET Carlsberg quarterly revenue rises 5% 2:51 A.M. ET Next warns of full-year sales, profit shortfall 2:51 A.M. ET Morrison's like-for-like quarterly sales grow 2:42 A.M. ET Updated European equities a buy, but Trump policy inaction a risk: Eaton Vance 2:17 A.M. ET AB InBev profit surges amid U.S., Brazil headwinds 2:16 A.M. ET Societe Generale profit down 19%; settles with LIA 2:14 A.M. ET Veolia profit rises 4.8% in first quarter 2:14 A.M. ET China's Caixin Services PMI falls to 11-month low Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: 5 signs a consumer slowdown may kill this stock-market rally By Jeff Reeves Published: May 3, 2017 3:32 p.m. ET Share Pay close attention to consumer and spending trends to get a sense of where the stock market is headed Getty Images Where are the shoppers? By JeffReeves Columnist Certain jobs like coal mining and fracking get a lot of press these days, in part because those industries are important supporters of President Donald Trump’s agenda. But according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in March, only about 52,000 Americans worked in the coal mining industry, and roughly 183,000 worked in oil and gas extraction. Those are literally rounding errors when taken in the context of the 143.7 million nonfarm jobs across the country. Perhaps even more surprising to some is that manufacturing — an industry the president talks about nearly nonstop — employs just under 12.4 million, or less than 9% of the total workforce. So what makes America’s economy and labor market tick? Simple: consumers. The retail trade industry, from grocery stores to hardware stores to used car lots, employs 15.8 million Americans, or roughly 11% of the job market. On top of that, hospitality jobs at restaurants and resorts employ another 15.5 million, or another 11%. In other words, if you’re looking for mineral rights in national parks to spark an economic boom, you’re misguided. Instead, investors should be paying close attention to consumer and spending trends if they want to get a sense of where the stock market is headed. And unfortunately, it may be headed downhill. Here are five recent reasons why: Consumer confidence may have peaked: Consumer confidence recently hit its highest level since the dot-com days, but there are signs that optimism from early 2017 is waning. In its April reading, the Conference Board found Americans grew more pessimistic about current economic conditions and the job market. Sure, sentiment is still elevated compared with before Election Day, but a lack of progress on big economic issues in Washington, should it continue, could mean we are at risk of declining confidence. Actual spending is meh: Of course, consumer confidence is a “soft” metric anyway. A clearer indicator is actual spending itself, which went nowhere in February. The meager 0.1% gain was the smallest in six months. And data released just a few days ago showed spending stayed depressed in March. So much for that confidence paying off via actual spending in early 2017. Big-name consumer stocks struggle: Looking beyond broad trends, what really matters to investors are sales and profits — and as first-quarter earnings show, many companies aren’t seeing Americans put their money where their mouth is. Consider Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.24% which cited soft spending as a drag on its latest earnings, or struggles at consumer names including Costco Wholesale Corp. COST, +0.69% and AutoZone Inc. AZO, +1.20% Sure, these consumer stocks all have unique pressures outside spending trends, but together, they point to a trend. Retail sales slump: It’s tempting to write off the troubles of AutoZone as yet another sign that the retail sector is doomed. But the bottom line is retail is a crucial industry — and pain for the sector is pain for the economy at large. The latest Census Bureau data shows that retail and food services sales were down in March after falling in February. Like it or lump it, retail sales are a very important indicator for America’s economy, both as a proxy for consumers and as a barometer of hiring and wages at major employers like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +0.32% which employs some 1.5 million Americans. Those who write off weakness in retail are shortchanging a vital indicator of economic health. GDP growth Is ugly: When you add all this up, it’s not surprising that the U.S. economy isn’t doing all that grand at the moment. U.S. GDP growth in the first quarter was a meager 0.7% — the slowest rate of growth in three years. And the kicker is that details from the Bureau of Economic Analysis reveal the worst personal spending trends since 2009, during the depths of the financial crisis. Consumer spending grew at an appalling 0.3% annualized rate — down dramatically from 3.5% at the end of 2016. Of course, there are the regular Goldilocks lines about the weather, which was either too warm or too cold, depending on your angle. And there are also the predictions of a consumer spending rebound in the second quarter thanks to a rising stock market and strong employment trends. But it’s worth noting that this rally is already long in the tooth, running eight years without a 20% decline or greater in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.13% and a whole lot of optimism was priced into the market last November without a whole lot of tangible results for the economy just yet. The market might not be ringing alarm bells and sending clear “sell” signals just yet. But if the state of the American consumer continues to look this bleak, we could very well see the alarm — and a steep decline for stocks — in the near future. More investing analysis from MarketWatch: The stock market’s earnings recovery is an illusion PineBridge veteran Michael Kelly on investing in a time of Trump: ‘Don’t fixate on some magical rule’ This is what the bull market’s last gasp looks like The 10 best, 10 worst U.S. stocks of 2017 Quote References PG +0.21 +0.24% COST +1.23 +0.69% AZO +8.24 +1.20% WMT +0.24 +0.32% SPX -3.04 -0.13% Show all references Most Popular Stephen Colbert on his anti-Trump rant: ‘I would do it again’ Why now may be a good time to buy gold and silver This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.4% 30 yr fixed 3.89% 15 yr fixed 3.08% 10 yr fixed 2.91% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.27% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.86% $50K HELOC 4.9% $75K HELOC 4.9% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.2% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.6% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.87% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.43% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.09% 48 Mo Used Car 3.07% 36 Mo Used Car 3.33% 72 Mo New Car 2.97% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.70% 12.59% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.08% 15.02% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.87% 15.83% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.79% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.28% 18.25% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.43 +0.21 (+0.24%) Volume 6.0M Open $86.30 High $86.63 Low $85.90 P/E Ratio 24.6 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 220.5B Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $179.82 +1.23 (+0.69%) Volume 2.8M Open $178.74 High $180.46 Low $178.70 P/E Ratio 33.18 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 78.4B AutoZone Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AZO $697.18 +8.24 (+1.20%) Volume 307.6K Open $689.32 High $698.39 Low $685.45 P/E Ratio 16.4 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 19.6B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $75.76 +0.24 (+0.32%) Volume 4.8M Open $75.40 High $75.88 Low $75.18 P/E Ratio 17.26 Div Yield 2.69 Market Cap 228.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,388.13 -3.04 (-0.13%) Volume 2.3B Open 2,387 High 2,390 Low 2,380 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Report Published: „Global Teeth Whitening Market 2017-2021” Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 05/03/2017 — Teeth whitening is a procedure that is performed using bleach and other materials to make teeth look whiter and brighter. These products help eliminate stains or other discoloration from the tooth surface. It includes teeth whitening toothpastes, gels, whitening trays, and whitening strips. A bright set of teeth helps in creating great first impressions as the smile is usually the first thing that others notice about the person. It also helps in improving self-confidence and also smiling leads to the release of endorphins, a mood enhancing substance. People present a youthful appearance to others as decolored teeth represent aging of teeth. While people often relate white teeth with proper dental hygiene, there are numerous other benefits to having a bright healthy smile. When a person greets another person with white and shiny teeth, it indicates the way in which they care for themselves. Such implications aid in the high adoption of teeth whitening products as it helps the users achieve their preferred social standing. Teeth whitening products are an integral part of dental consumables. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Global Teeth Whitening Market 2017-2021 Technavio’s analysts forecast the global teeth whitening market to grow at a CAGR of 3.71% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global teeth whitening market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Teeth Whitening Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Colgate-Palmolive -GlaxoSmithKline -Johnson & Johnson -P&G Other prominent vendors -Brodie & Stone -CCA Industries -Church & Dwight -GO SMILE -Henkel -Unilever -Supersmile -Ultradent Products Market driver -Approvals from dental associations and recommendations from doctors. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Unregulated practices. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Technology driving the adoption rates of equipment. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report -What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? -What are the key market trends? -What is driving this market? -What are the challenges to market growth? -Who are the key vendors in this market space? -What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? -What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned in this Report: olgate-Palmolive, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, P&G, Brodie & Stone, CCA Industries, Church & Dwight, GO SMILE, Henkel, Unilever, Supersmile, Ultradent Products About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world’s top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Consumer Goods research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –Global Cosmeceuticals Market 2017-2021 –Global Oral Hygiene Market 2016-2020 –Dental Cosmetic Surgical Services Global Market Briefing 2017 –Dental Cosmetic Surgical Services Global Market Briefing 2016 –Dental Equipment And Supplies Market Global Briefing 2017 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HB Grandi – Nýir samningar um viðskiptavakt við Arion banka hf. og Íslandsbanka hf. Next PostNext DynaTrap Donates 550 High-Tech Insect Traps to Healthy Mothers, Healthy Babies Coalition of Broward County to Fight Zika Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Diply Expands U.S. Direct Sales Team With Three Hires New Team Will Be Led by Dan Lagani, President and Chief Revenue Officer Sara Colodner, East Coast Director of Brand Partnerships, Diply (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Sara Colodner, East Coast Director of Brand Partnerships, Diply (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Natalie Merlino, Senior Manager of Brand Partnerships, Diply (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Maggie Parker, Central Region Sales Director, Diply (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 03, 2017 08:03 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Diply, a leading social video and entertainment publisher and comScore Top 10 lifestyle property, today announced the expansion of its direct advertising sales team in New York and Chicago with three new hires: Sara Colodner, East Coast Director of Brand Partnerships, Natalie Merlino, Senior Manager of Brand Partnerships, and Maggie Parker, Central Region Sales Director. “We’ve spent the past 12 months growing Diply’s social video footprint. With more than 1.2B social video views each month, the time is right for the rapid growth of our direct sales team,” said Dan Lagani, Diply President and Chief Revenue Officer. “All are outstanding additions to the Diply team bringing a deep blend of video, branded entertainment, and digital media experience. This marks the start of significant investment to build Diply’s U.S. marketing and media industry presence.” Sara Colodner, East Coast Director of Brand Partnerships Sara Colodner is the East Coast Director of Brand Partnerships at Diply where she’s tasked with building and managing the East Coast sales team and introducing the brand to market. She joins Diply from KIN Community, where she served as Director of East Coast Sales. During her tenure, Colodner managed the overall sales strategy and brought together the world’s leading lifestyle creators to deliver high-quality, female-focused video content and scaled media executions across lifestyle verticals, including food, fashion, beauty, DIY, home, and entertainment. Prior to KIN Community, Colodner worked at StyleHaul as Sales Director. She created custom solutions for clients, including high-production video, native influencer video, pre-roll assets, and robust social amplification programs. Past clients include Sherwin-Williams, DSW, TJ Maxx, Showtime. Nickelodeon, L’Oreal, Elizabeth Arden, Macy’s, American Express, etc. Colodner holds a dual Master’s degree from Bank Street College of Education and a Bachelor of Arts from The University Of Michigan. Natalie Merlino, Senior Manager of Brand Partnerships Natalie Merlino is the Senior Manager of Brand Partnerships at Diply where she’s tasked with driving Diply’s new business revenue expansion and introducing the brand to the market. She brings more than a decade of experience in digital media leveraging multi-platform solutions for clients, including P&G, J&J, Walmart, Dannon, Coca-Cola, NBC Universal, Viacom, and L’Oreal. Merlino joins Diply from KIN Community, where she served as Senior Sales Executive and owned key strategic partnerships. Prior to KIN Community, she worked as Director of Advertising at HowAboutWe and helped launch their media sales division and created the go-to market strategy for native digital video solutions. Merlino graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies and minor in Marketing from the University of Rhode Island. Maggie Parker, Central Region Sales Director Maggie Parker is the Central Region Sales Director at Diply where she is responsible for building and managing the Chicago based sales team and establishing the Diply brand in the Midwest. Parker joins Diply from Adobe, where she led sales of programmatic video for key agencies and brands, including the cpg, dining, retail, and telecom categories. At Adobe, Parker partnered with advertisers to create data driven video strategies and measurement frameworks to identify and optimize for top performing media. Prior to Adobe, Parker represented CafeMedia as a Senior Sales Executive. She collaborated with marketers to connect with mom consumers through community word of mouth activation and branded video content within leading women’s lifestyle and parenting platforms. Former client partnerships include Olive Garden, SC Johnson, Walmart, General Motors, Kellogg’s, and Dr. Pepper Snapple Group. Parker holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from The University of Michigan. About Diply Launched in 2013, Diply is a leading social video and entertainment publisher and comScore Top 10 Lifestyle media property. With a unique blend of fun and engaging social first content, Diply generates more than 5B social impressions and 1.2B video views powered by 1,500+ original videos and stories monthly. Headquartered in London, Ontario, Diply has offices in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, and Toronto. Contacts Media Contact: Diply Mark LoCastro Director of Public Relations mark.locastro@diply.com Release Summary Diply expands its direct advertising sales team in New York and Chicago with three new hires: Sara Colodner, Natalie Merlino, and Maggie Parker. #Hashtags #newhire #socialmedia #Diply #startup #onthemove #tech Social Media Profiles Diply on Facebook Diply on Twitter Diply on LinkedIn Diply on Google+ Diply on Pinterest Diply on YouTube Diply on Instagram Contacts Media Contact: Diply Mark LoCastro Director of Public Relations mark.locastro@diply.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
05042017Headline: Package in Radar Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 3 mins ago Global Transportation Fuels Market By Fuel Type And Geography Is Expected To Reach US$ 719.1 Bn By 2023 5 mins ago Semiconductor Curve Tracer Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 6 mins ago Global Nebulizer Market Is Expected To Reach USD 1,162.2 Mn By 2022 – Credence Research 7 mins ago Global Food And Beverage Nano-Enabled Packaging Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 31.2 Bn By 2023 9 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Antiseptics And Disinfectants Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts to 2022: Brisk Insights Antiseptics And Disinfectants Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts to 2022: Brisk Insights May 3, 2017 | by Serena Peter | According to a recently published report, the global Antiseptics And Disinfectants Market is expected to grow at the CAGR of 5.3% during 2015-2022. The segmentation of global antiseptics and disinfectants market is based on equipment & services, applications, disinfectants and geography. The report on global antiseptics and disinfectants market forecast, 2015-2022 (by equipment’s & services, applications, disinfectants and geography) provides detailed overview and predictive analysis of the market. Full report available global antiseptics and disinfectants market forecast, 2015-2022 (by equipment’s & services, applications, disinfectants and geography) report at http://www.briskinsights.com/report/antiseptics-and-disinfectants-market The rising prevalence of infectious diseases is increasing the growth of the global antiseptics and disinfectants market. The rising number of surgeries is also boosting the growth in the global antiseptics and disinfectants market. The escalation in export of exotic fruits and vegetables is increasing the growth in the global disinfectants market. The increasing ageing population and the rising chronic diseases are the major factors which are increasing the number of surgeries across the globe. However, there are factors that restrict the growth of this market, like the strict government regulations in respect of use of antiseptics and manufacturing of antiseptics. The rising awareness in respect of food quality in the developed and emerging countries is expected to create new opportunities in the forecast period. SCOPE OF THE REPORT 1. GLOBAL ANTISEPTICS AND DISINFECTANTS MARKET BY APPLICATION 2012-2022 ($ MILLION) 1.1. Filtration 1.2. Heat 1.3. Low temperature 1.4. Sterilization 2. GLOBAL ANTISEPTICS AND DISINFECTANTS MARKET BY EQUIPMENT & SERVICES 2012-2022 ($ MILLION) 2.1. Food & life sciences 2.2. Medical devices 2.3. Pharmaceuticals 3. GLOBAL ANTISEPTICS AND DISINFECTANTS MARKET BY DISINFECTANTS 2012-2022 ($ MILLION) 3.1. Disinfectant wipes 3.2. Disinfectants 3.3. Disinfectors 3.3.1. Flusher disinfectors 3.3.2. Washer disinfectors 3.4. Endoscope reprocessing 3.5. Medical non-woven 3.5.1. Drapes 3.5.2. Facemasks 3.5.3. Gowns 3.5.4. Sterilization wraps 4. GLOBAL ANTISEPTICS AND DISINFECTANTS MARKET REGIONAL OUTLOOK 2012-2022 ( $ MILLION) 4.1. NORTH AMERICA 4.2. EUROPE 4.3. ASIA PACIFIC 4.4. MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA 4.5. LATIN AMERICA 5. COMPANY PROFILES 5.1. 3M Co. 5.2. ABC Compounding Co. Inc. 5.3. American Biotech Labs LLC 5.4. Bio-cide International Inc. 5.5. Cardinal Health Inc. 5.6. Colgate-Palmolive Co. 5.7. Dow Microbial Control 5.8. DuPont Medical Chemical Corp. 5.9. Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. 5.10. Melrose Chemical Ltd. 5.11. Metrex Research Corp. 5.12. NUVA Pharmaceuticals Inc. 5.13. Procter & Gamble Co. 5.14. STERIS Corp. 5.15. The Clorox Co. About Us: Brisk Insights is a global market research firm. Our insightful analysis is focused on developed and emerging markets. We identify trends and forecast markets with a view to aid businesses identify market opportunities optimize strategies. Working in a highly dynamic and multi-dimensional business makes decision making complex. Effective business decisions are a result of the synthesis of market information. Our Research and data analysis is an efficient and cost-effective way of providing robust market analysis and can yield highly valuable intelligence relating to consumers, competitors and markets. Contact Us: Jennifer Smith Office 1094 109 Vernon House, Friar Lane, Nottingham, NG1 6DQ United Kingdom Phone: +448081890034 (UK) Email: sales@briskinsights.com Website: http://www.briskinsights.com/ Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Package in Radar Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Transportation Fuels Market By Fuel Type And Geography Is Expected To Reach US$ 719.1 Bn By 2023 Semiconductor Curve Tracer Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Nebulizer Market Is Expected To Reach USD 1,162.2 Mn By 2022 – Credence Research Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Package in Radar Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Transportation Fuels Market By Fuel Type And Geography Is Expected To Reach US$ 719.1 Bn By 2023 Semiconductor Curve Tracer Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Nebulizer Market Is Expected To Reach USD 1,162.2 Mn By 2022 – Credence Research Global Food And Beverage Nano-Enabled Packaging Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 31.2 Bn By 2023 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Diply Expands U.S. Direct Sales Team With Three Hires NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Diply, a leading social video and entertainment publisher and comScore Top 10 lifestyle property, today announced the expansion of its direct advertising sales team in New York and Chicago with three new hires: Sara Colodner, East Coast Director of Brand Partnerships, Natalie Merlino, Senior Manager of Brand Partnerships, and Maggie Parker, Central Region Sales Director. “We’ve spent the past 12 months growing Diply’s social video footprint. With more than 1.2B social video views each month, the time is right for the rapid growth of our direct sales team,” said Dan Lagani, Diply President and Chief Revenue Officer. “All are outstanding additions to the Diply team bringing a deep blend of video, branded entertainment, and digital media experience. This marks the start of significant investment to build Diply’s U.S. marketing and media industry presence.” Sara Colodner, East Coast Director of Brand Partnerships Sara Colodner is the East Coast Director of Brand Partnerships at Diply where she’s tasked with building and managing the East Coast sales team and introducing the brand to market. She joins Diply from KIN Community, where she served as Director of East Coast Sales. During her tenure, Colodner managed the overall sales strategy and brought together the world’s leading lifestyle creators to deliver high-quality, female-focused video content and scaled media executions across lifestyle verticals, including food, fashion, beauty, DIY, home, and entertainment. Prior to KIN Community, Colodner worked at StyleHaul as Sales Director. She created custom solutions for clients, including high-production video, native influencer video, pre-roll assets, and robust social amplification programs. Past clients include Sherwin-Williams, DSW, TJ Maxx, Showtime. Nickelodeon, L’Oreal, Elizabeth Arden, Macy’s, American Express, etc. Colodner holds a dual Master’s degree from Bank Street College of Education and a Bachelor of Arts from The University Of Michigan. Natalie Merlino, Senior Manager of Brand Partnerships Natalie Merlino is the Senior Manager of Brand Partnerships at Diply where she’s tasked with driving Diply’s new business revenue expansion and introducing the brand to the market. She brings more than a decade of experience in digital media leveraging multi-platform solutions for clients, including P&G, J&J, Walmart, Dannon, Coca-Cola, NBC Universal, Viacom, and L’Oreal. Merlino joins Diply from KIN Community, where she served as Senior Sales Executive and owned key strategic partnerships. Prior to KIN Community, she worked as Director of Advertising at HowAboutWe and helped launch their media sales division and created the go-to market strategy for native digital video solutions. Merlino graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies and minor in Marketing from the University of Rhode Island. Maggie Parker, Central Region Sales Director Maggie Parker is the Central Region Sales Director at Diply where she is responsible for building and managing the Chicago based sales team and establishing the Diply brand in the Midwest. Parker joins Diply from Adobe, where she led sales of programmatic video for key agencies and brands, including the cpg, dining, retail, and telecom categories. At Adobe, Parker partnered with advertisers to create data driven video strategies and measurement frameworks to identify and optimize for top performing media. Prior to Adobe, Parker represented CafeMedia as a Senior Sales Executive. She collaborated with marketers to connect with mom consumers through community word of mouth activation and branded video content within leading women’s lifestyle and parenting platforms. Former client partnerships include Olive Garden, SC Johnson, Walmart, General Motors, Kellogg’s, and Dr. Pepper Snapple Group. Parker holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from The University of Michigan. About Diply Launched in 2013, Diply is a leading social video and entertainment publisher and comScore Top 10 Lifestyle media property. With a unique blend of fun and engaging social first content, Diply generates more than 5B social impressions and 1.2B video views powered by 1,500+ original videos and stories monthly. Headquartered in London, Ontario, Diply has offices in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, and Toronto. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gastrointestinal Stents Market Growth 2017: Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis Overview, Growth Impact and Demand 2022 Next PostNext Astute Solutions Honored as Gold Stevie® Award Winner in 2017 American Business AwardsSM Search Recent Posts Guidry Land Development Enter Final Phase of Beau Blanc Subdivision Guidry Land Development Founder Cliff Guidry Partners with Enterprise Rent-A-Car for New Distribution Facility Southwest Gas Holdings Declares Third Quarter 2017 Dividend Theratechnologies Partner Submits Biologics License Application for HIV Monoclonal Antibody and Long-Acting Investigational Antiretroviral Ibalizumab List of 199 DECLINING Real Estate Markets RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
﻿ Menu  TMG Corporate website Adomonline website Multi-TV website Joy Fm Luv Fm Adom Fm Nhyira Fm Hitz Fm Asempa Fm Services About Us Contact us Advertisements Our Daily Bread Partners Google DW BBC Rancard Zenolive Media Photos Videos Audio Live Radio Live TV Social  RSS Feeds  Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Google plus  LinkedIn  Instagram Community Sign in Newsletter Download App Features Special Assignment HotLine coming soon Events Bridal Fair Old Skuul Reunion Elections More Mynews Weather Stock Market Menu Classic View Home News Politics Sports Business Entertainment Opinion World Elections Live Radio Watch Live TV Photos Audio Videos TV More 'Female Viagra' approved by US drug agency 'Female Viagra' approved by US drug agency Source: BBC Date: 19-08-2015 Time: 07:08:27:am The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a libido-enhancing drug for women that has been dubbed "Female Viagra". Flibanserin, a drug produced by Sprout Pharmaceuticals, recently passed an FDA advisory committee meeting. The pill is designed to assist premenopausal women regain their sex drive by boosting levels of certain brain chemicals. The drug has been criticised as having marginal effects. Versions of the pill, which will be marketed as "Addyi", have been submitted for approval in the past but never passed. It was rejected by the FDA twice for lack of effectiveness and side effects like nausea, dizziness and fainting. Women taking the drug reported between half and one more sexually satisfying event per month - results experts admitted were "modest". Originally the drug was produced by German company Boehringer Ingelheim. Sprout bought the drug from that company after it was turned down by the FDA. Documents from the 4 June FDA advisory meeting describe the drug's purpose as "treatment of hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD) in premenopausal women". Women would take it each night. A doctor would have to determine whether a woman seeking the pill was suffering from a disorder characterised by a lack of sexual fantasies and desire, causing the woman distress. Currently, there is nothing on the US market approved for treatment of HSDD or another condition, female sexual interest/arousal disorder (FSIAD). "This condition is clearly an area of unmet medical need," the FDA documents said. Sprout only has 25 employees. Large pharmaceutical companies like Pfizer, Bayer and Proctor & Gamble have all studied female sexual desire disorder treatment but abandoned plans to pursue it. Sprout's CEO, Cindy Whitehead, told AP they would promote Addyi carefully. "We would never want a patient who's not going to see a benefit to take it and tell everyone it doesn't work," she said. Lobbying by Sprout Pharmaceuticals was backed by the women's rights group Even the Score, which has accused the FDA of gender bias by approving a number of drugs treating erectile dysfunction in men without passing an equivalent for women. What others are reading NDC must stay in opposition for 16 years – Kweku Baako Expect power in three hours - GRIDCO confirms 70% plunged in darkness Association of alcohol manufacturers commends FDA probe into Adonko Bitters saga Students get ‘free passco’ on Vodafone’s Instant Schools portal Latest Stories Akufo-Addo advocates for 24-hours opening of Ghana-Togo borders I’m sorry – Nii Noi begs Akufo-Addo A rewarding career in Corporate Communications Expect power in three hours - GRIDCO confirms 70% plunged in darkness Coventry graduate recounts life-changing commitment to tackling terrorism LIFESTYLE Doctors unhappy with queueing to use theatre ODD NEWS Father drinks his daughter's breast milk to help beat bowel cancer AUTOS The Junction Mall Auto Show TECHNOLOGY Galaxy S8: The Smartphone Evolution We Dreamt About OBITUARY Madam SARDIS EMMAROSE OSEW ELECTIONS EC holds district elections in Nkoranza after 2015 disruption Home News Politics Business Sports World News Opinion More Sections Entertainment Elections Health Odd News Automobile Technology Media Audio on Demand Photo Gallery Online Radio Videos On Demand Live TV Social RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook Youtube Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Myjoyonline Advertise Online Team Privacy Policy Services Contact us Feedback Our daily bread
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Clorox Reports Q3 Fiscal Year 2017 Results; Updates Fiscal Year 2017 Outlook OAKLAND, Calif., May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — For its third quarter ending March 31, 2017, The Clorox Company (NYSE: CLX) today reported sales growth of 4 percent and an increase of 8 percent diluted net earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations. „We delivered solid results on top of double-digit earnings growth in the year-ago quarter,” said Clorox Chairman and CEO Benno Dorer. „I’m pleased with our continued strong volume and sales growth supported by innovation that’s providing meaningful value to consumers. I’m also encouraged by the progress we’re making in our International business as that team continues to take deliberate actions to rebuild long-term profitability behind its Go Lean strategy.” Dorer added, „Importantly, we’re on track to deliver another year of solid sales and earnings growth. We’re confident in our strategy and ability to deliver shareholder value over the long term.” All results in this press release are reported on a continuing operations basis, unless otherwise stated. Some information in this release is reported on a non-GAAP basis. See „Non-GAAP Financial Information” below and the tables toward the end of this press release for more information and reconciliations of key third-quarter fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2016 results to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP). Fiscal Third-Quarter Results Following is a summary of key third-quarter results. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, unless otherwise stated. 7% volume growth 4% sales growth $1.31 diluted EPS (8% growth) In the third quarter, volume grew 7 percent, reflecting increases in the Cleaning and Household segments. Total company sales grew 4 percent, reflecting higher volume growth, 2 points of sales growth from the RenewLife digestive health business, which was acquired in May 2016, as well as the benefit of price increases in the company’s International business, primarily in Argentina. These factors were partially offset by unfavorable mix and higher trade promotion investments to support product innovation. The company’s third-quarter gross margin decreased 130 basis points to 44 percent from 45.3 percent in the year-ago quarter, when gross margin increased 210 basis points. Current-quarter gross margin reflected higher manufacturing and logistics costs, unfavorable mix, increased commodity costs and higher trade promotion investments, partially offset by the benefits of cost savings and price increases. Clorox delivered earnings from continuing operations of $172 million, or $1.31 diluted EPS, an increase of 8 percent. Third quarter diluted EPS results were driven primarily by higher sales, a lower effective tax rate and a gain from the sale of an international facility as part of the International business’ Go Lean strategy, partially offset by significantly higher advertising and trade promotion investments behind product innovation, as well as lower gross margin. „Our third quarter results reflect strong advertising and trade promotion investments to support our brands, including product innovation, which we anticipate will contribute to our fourth quarter volume and sales results,” said Chief Financial Officer Steve Robb. „Importantly, we continue to anticipate fourth quarter EBIT margin to increase, reflecting lower selling and administrative expenses.” Year-to-date net cash provided by continuing operations was $483 million, compared with $436 million in the year-ago period. The year-over-year increase was primarily related to higher earnings in the current period and the timing of tax payments. Key Segment Results Following is a summary of key third-quarter results from continuing operations by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, unless otherwise stated. Cleaning (Laundry, Home Care, Professional Products)              13% volume growth 7% sales growth 8% pretax earnings increase Segment volume growth was driven largely by gains in Home Care, with another quarter of record shipments of Clorox® disinfecting wipes reflecting expanded club-channel distribution and the launch of new Scentiva™ wipes and sprays. Professional Products also contributed to segment volume growth, with gains mainly across cleaning products. Volume outpaced sales due to unfavorable mix. Pretax earnings growth was driven mainly by higher sales and the benefit of cost savings. Household (Bags and Wraps, Charcoal, Cat Litter, Digestive Health) 9% volume growth 4% sales growth 6% pretax earnings decrease Segment volume growth was driven primarily by the benefit of the RenewLife acquisition and higher shipments in Cat Litter supported by increased merchandising activity, which includes Fresh Step® with Febreze™ products. These factors were partially offset by lower shipments in Charcoal, driven, in part, by poor weather affecting the beginning of grilling season, compared to high single-digit volume growth in the year-ago quarter. Volume outpaced sales primarily due to unfavorable mix and higher trade promotion investments. The decrease in pretax earnings reflected increased manufacturing and logistics costs and higher demand building investments to support product innovation, partially offset by higher sales and the benefit of cost savings. Lifestyle (Dressings and Sauces, Water Filtration, Natural Personal Care) 1% volume decrease 3% sales decrease 27% pretax earnings decrease Segment volume results were driven primarily by lower shipments in Water Filtration and Natural Personal Care, reflecting a comparison to double-digit volume growth in both businesses in the year-ago quarter. The variance between volume and sales was largely due to higher trade promotion investments to support product innovation that launched late in the quarter. The decrease in pretax earnings reflected lower sales, double-digit increases in demand-building investments and increased manufacturing and logistics costs. International  (Sales outside of the U.S.) 2% volume decrease 3% sales growth 82% pretax earnings growth Segment volume results were driven primarily by decreases in certain Latin American countries, mainly Argentina. These factors were partially offset by gains in Canada, which included the benefit of the RenewLife acquisition. Sales outpaced volume largely due to the benefit of price increases, primarily in Argentina, partially offset by higher trade promotion investments. Pretax earnings grew, reflecting a gain on the sale of an international facility, higher sales and the benefit of cost savings. These factors were partially offset by unfavorable commodity costs and increased manufacturing and logistics costs from continued high inflation. Excluding the $10 million gain on the sale of the facility, segment pretax earnings decreased, which was in line with the company’s expectations. The company continues to anticipate that the International business’ profitability will improve over the long term based on continued progress against its Go Lean strategy. Clorox Updates Fiscal Year 2017 Outlook 3% to 4% sales growth (unchanged) About 25 basis points of EBIT margin expansion (previously 25 to 50 basis points) $5.25 to $5.35 diluted EPS range (previously $5.23 to $5.38) Clorox continues to anticipate fiscal year sales growth of 3 percent to 4 percent, reflecting strong sales results to date, robust innovation plans and about 2 points of benefit from the RenewLife acquisition. The company anticipates these factors to be partially offset by about 1 point of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. Clorox now anticipates fiscal year EBIT margin expansion of about 25 basis points, reflecting lower selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales driven by ongoing productivity initiatives and normalized levels of performance-based incentive compensation costs, partially offset by lower fiscal year gross margin. Clorox now anticipates fiscal year 2017 diluted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $5.25 to $5.35, an increase of 7 percent to 9 percent. Clorox’s fiscal year diluted EPS outlook reflects strong fiscal year-to-date sales growth, innovation across the company’s portfolio and continued expectations for fiscal-year EBIT margin expansion. For More Detailed Financial Information Visit the company’s Financial Information: Quarterly Results section of the company’s website at TheCloroxCompany.com for the following: Supplemental unaudited volume and sales growth information Supplemental unaudited gross margin driver information Supplemental unaudited reconciliation of certain non-GAAP financial information, including earnings from continuing operations before interest and taxes (EBIT) and earnings from continuing operations before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) Supplemental unaudited balance sheet and cash flow information and free cash flow reconciliation Supplemental price-change information Note: Percentage and basis-point changes noted in this press release are calculated based on rounded numbers. Supplemental materials are available in the Financial Information: Quarterly Results section of the company’s website at TheCloroxCompany.com. The Clorox Company The Clorox Company (NYSE: CLX) is a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products with about 8,000 employees worldwide and fiscal year 2016 sales of $5.8 billion. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and recognized consumer brand names, including its namesake bleach and cleaning products; Pine-Sol® cleaners; Liquid Plumr® clog removers; Poett® home care products; Fresh Step® cat litter; Glad® bags, wraps and containers; Kingsford® charcoal; Hidden Valley® dressings and sauces; Brita® water-filtration products; Burt’s Bees® natural personal care products; and RenewLife® digestive health products. The company also markets brands for professional services, including Clorox Healthcare® and Clorox Commercial Solutions®. More than 80 percent of the company’s sales are generated from brands that hold the No. 1 or No. 2 market share positions in their categories. Clorox is a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact, a community of global leaders committed to sustainability. The company also has been broadly recognized for its corporate responsibility efforts, most notably receiving two Climate Leadership Awards for Excellence in 2015 and a Safer Choice Partner of the Year Award in 2016 and 2017 from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as well as being named to CR Magazine’s 2017 Best Corporate Citizens list and included in the 2016 Newsweek Green Rankings. The Clorox Company and its foundations contributed nearly $17 million in combined cash grants, product donations, cause marketing and employee volunteerism in the past year. For more information, visit TheCloroxCompany.com, including the Good Growth blog, and follow the company on Twitter at @CloroxCo. CLX-F Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Except for historical information, statements about future volumes, sales, foreign currencies, costs, cost savings, margins, earnings, earnings per share, diluted earnings per share, foreign currency exchange rates, cash flows, plans, objectives, expectations, growth, or profitability are forward-looking statements based on management’s estimates, beliefs, assumptions and projections. Words such as „could,” „may,” „expects,” „anticipates,” „targets,” „goals,” „projects,” „intends,” „plans,” „believes,” „seeks,” „estimates,” „predicts” and variations on such words, and similar expressions that reflect our current views with respect to future events and operational, economic and financial performance, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only predictions, subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those discussed. Important factors that could affect performance and cause results to differ materially from management’s expectations are described in the sections entitled „Risk Factors” and „Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, as updated from time to time in the company’s SEC filings. These factors include, but are not limited to: intense competition in the company’s markets; worldwide, regional and local economic conditions and financial market volatility; the ability of the company to drive sales growth, increase prices and market share, grow its product categories and achieve favorable product and geographic mix; volatility and increases in commodity costs such as resin, sodium hypochlorite and agricultural commodities, and increases in energy, transportation or other costs; dependence on key customers and risks related to customer consolidation and ordering patterns; risks related to reliance on information technology systems, including potential security breaches, cyber-attacks, privacy breaches or data breaches that result in the unauthorized disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or company information, or service interruptions; lower revenue or increased costs resulting from government actions and regulations, including with respect to the Aplicare business, despite the write down of Aplicare assets in the second quarter ended December 31, 2016; the ability of the company to successfully manage global, political, legal, tax and regulatory risks, including changes in regulatory or administrative activity; risks related to international operations, including political instability; government-imposed price controls or other regulations; foreign currency exchange rate controls, including periodic changes in such controls, fluctuations and devaluations; labor claims, labor unrest and inflationary pressures, particularly in Argentina; potential harm and liabilities from the use, storage and transportation of chlorine in certain international markets where chlorine is used in the production of bleach; and the possibility of nationalization, expropriation of assets or other government action in foreign jurisdictions; risks relating to acquisitions, new ventures and divestitures, and associated costs, including the potential for asset impairment charges related to, among others, intangible assets and goodwill; the ability of the company to develop and introduce commercially successful products; supply disruptions and other risks inherent in reliance on a limited base of suppliers; the impact of product liability claims, labor claims and other legal proceedings, including in foreign jurisdictions; the success of the company’s business strategies; the ability of the company to implement and generate anticipated cost savings and efficiencies; the company’s ability to attract and retain key personnel; the company’s ability to maintain its business reputation and the reputation of its brands; environmental matters, including costs associated with the remediation and monitoring of past contamination, and possible increases in those costs resulting from actions by relevant regulators, and the handling and/or transportation of hazardous substances; the impact of natural disasters, terrorism and other events beyond the company’s control; the company’s ability to maximize, assert and defend its intellectual property rights; any infringement or claimed infringement by the company of third-party intellectual property rights; risks related to the potential increase in the company’s purchase price for The Procter & Gamble Company’s (P&G) interest in the Glad® business and the impact from the decision on whether or not to extend the term of the related agreement with P&G; the effect of the company’s indebtedness and credit rating on its business operations and financial results; risks related to the company’s discontinuation of operations in Venezuela; the company’s ability to pay and declare dividends or repurchase its stock in the future; the company’s ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls, including after completing acquisitions; uncertainties relating to tax positions, tax disputes and changes in the company’s tax rate; the accuracy of the company’s estimates and assumptions on which its financial projections are based; and the impacts of potential stockholder activism. The company’s forward-looking statements in this press release are based on management’s current views, beliefs and assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by the federal securities laws. Non-GAAP Financial Information This press release contains non-GAAP financial information relating to currency-neutral net sales growth, EBIT and EBIT margin. The company has included reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the end of this press release for these reconciliations. The company discloses these non-GAAP financial measures to supplement its consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as similar measures provided by other companies due to potential differences in methods of calculation and items being excluded. They should be read in connection with the company’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP. EBIT represents earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, interest income and interest expense. EBIT margin is the ratio of EBIT to net sales. The company’s management believes these measures provide useful additional information to investors about trends in the company’s operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons. Currency-neutral net sales growth represents U.S. GAAP net sales growth excluding the impact of the change in foreign currency exchange rates, and is calculated by re-measuring the current period net sales using the comparable prior year’s exchange rates. The company’s management believes these measures provide useful additional information to investors about changes in the company’s core business operations without the unpredictability and volatility of currency fluctuations. For recent presentations made by company management and other investor materials, visit Investor Events on the company’s website. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Unaudited) Dollars in millions, except share and per share data Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 Net sales $ 1,477 $ 1,426 $ 4,326 4,161 Cost of products sold 827 780 2,407 2,290 Gross profit 650 646 1,919 1,871 Selling and administrative expenses 201 204 598 581 Advertising costs 161 146 417 395 Research and development costs 35 35 98 99 Interest expense 22 22 66 67 Other (income) expense, net (16) 2 2 (2) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 247 237 738 731 Income taxes on continuing operations 75 78 237 248 Earnings from continuing operations 172 159 501 483 Earnings (losses) from discontinued operations, net of tax – 3 (1) – Net earnings $ 172 $ 162 $ 500 $ 483 Net earnings (losses) per share Basic     Continuing operations $ 1.34 $ 1.23 $ 3.89 3.73     Discontinued operations – 0.02 (0.01) – Basic net earnings per share $ 1.34 $ 1.25 $ 3.88 $ 3.73 Diluted     Continuing operations $ 1.31 $ 1.21 $ 3.82 3.67     Discontinued operations – 0.02 (0.01) – Diluted net earnings per share $ 1.31 $ 1.23 $ 3.81 $ 3.67 Weighted average shares outstanding (in thousands) Basic 128,752 129,690 128,899 129,463 Diluted 131,362 131,647 131,399 131,652 Reportable Segment Information (Unaudited) Dollars in millions Net sales Earnings (losses) from continuing operations before income taxes Three Months Ended Three Months Ended 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 % Change(1) 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 % Change(1) Cleaning $ 497 $ 465 7% $ 132 $ 122 8% Household 486 467 4% 106 113 -6% Lifestyle 246 254 -3% 51 70 -27% International 248 240 3% 20 11 82% Corporate – – 0% (62) (79) -22% Total $ 1,477 $ 1,426 4% $ 247 $ 237 4% Net sales Earnings (losses) from continuing operations before income taxes Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 % Change(1) 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 % Change(1) Cleaning $ 1,500 $ 1,419 6% $ 400 $ 394 2% Household 1,329 1,253 6% 246 262 -6% Lifestyle 742 736 1% 190 201 -5% International 755 753 0% 75 65 15% Corporate – – 0% (173) (191) -9% Total $ 4,326 $ 4,161 4% $ 738 $ 731 1% (1) Percentages based on rounded numbers. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) Dollars in millions 3/31/2017 6/30/2016 3/31/2016 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 431 $ 401 $ 414 Receivables, net 568 569 530 Inventories, net 510 443 460 Other current assets 94 72 186 Total current assets 1,603 1,485 1,590 Property, plant and equipment, net 903 906 887 Goodwill 1,193 1,197 1,059 Trademarks, net 655 657 528 Other intangible assets, net 70 78 45 Other assets* 205 187 166 Total assets $ 4,629 $ 4,510 $ 4,275 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities Notes and loans payable $ 650 $ 523 $ 432 Current maturities of long-term debt 400 – – Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 948 1,035 955 Income taxes payable – – – Total current liabilities 1,998 1,558 1,387 Long-term debt* 1,390 1,789 1,787 Other liabilities 788 784 735 Deferred income taxes 49 82 107 Total liabilities 4,225 4,213 4,016 Stockholders’ equity Common stock 159 159 159 Additional paid-in capital 912 868 846 Retained earnings 2,351 2,163 2,103 Treasury shares (2,453) (2,323) (2,307) Accumulated other comprehensive net losses (565) (570) (542) Stockholders’ equity 404 297 259 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 4,629 $ 4,510 $ 4,275 *In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, „Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost,” which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  The Company adopted this standard in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and retrospectively applied the standard to all periods presented.    The tables below present the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and other supplemental information. See „Non-GAAP Financial Information” above for further information regarding the company’s use of non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations below are on a continuing operations basis. Third-Quarter and Fiscal Year-to-Date Net Sales Growth Reconciliation Q3 Fiscal 2017 Q3 Fiscal 2016 Q3 FYTD Fiscal 2017 Q3 FYTD Fiscal 2016 Total Net Sales Growth – GAAP 3.6% 1.8% 4.0% 1.5% Less: Foreign exchange -0.1% -3.3% -1.3% -3.0% Currency-Neutral Net Sales Growth – Non-GAAP(1) 3.7% 5.1% 5.3% 4.5% (1) Currency-neutral net sales growth represents GAAP net sales growth excluding the impact of the change in foreign currency exchange rates, and is calculated by re-measuring the current period net sales using the comparable prior year’s exchange rates. The reconciliations below for fiscal year 2016 are provided as a reference point for the fiscal year 2017 outlook. Fiscal Year EBIT Margin(2) Reconciliation Dollar in millions FY Fiscal  2016 Earnings from continuing operations $983 before income taxes – GAAP Interest Income -5 Interest Expense 88 EBIT (2) – non-GAAP $1,066 Net Sales $5,761 EBIT margin(2) – non-GAAP 18.5% (2) EBIT represents earnings from continuing operations before interest and taxes. EBIT margin is the ratio of EBIT to net sales. For Gross Margin Drivers, please refer to the Supplemental Information: Gross Margin Driver page in the Financial Information: Quarterly Results section of the company’s website TheCloroxCompany.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/clorox-reports-q3-fiscal-year-2017-results-updates-fiscal-year-2017-outlook-300450159.html SOURCE The Clorox Company Related Links http://www.thecloroxcompany.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsEarnings, Earnings Forecasts & Projections Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thaï Express and Ginger Sushi Boutique announce new Florida area developer Next PostNext SPX FLOW Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,958 +8.01 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,073 -22.82 -0.37% S&P 500 2,388 -3.04 -0.13% 3:03 A.M. ET HSBC profit beats views, spurring buyback hopes 3:03 A.M. ET Societe Generale, Libya fund to settle fraud case 3:02 A.M. ET HSBC shares rise 2.9% after quarterly earnings report 3:01 A.M. ET G4S revenue rises 8.9% in first quarter 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,304.78 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% higher at 7,264.32 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.87 2:59 A.M. ET Updated Glencore lifts guidance; copper output falls 2:57 A.M. ET RSA Insurance sees operating profit ahead of plans 2:56 A.M. ET BMW sales, earnings rise on one-off gains 2:55 A.M. ET Buckingham Palace calls Queen’s staff for an emergency meeting, setting rumors blazing 2:55 A.M. ET Shell quarterly profit surges 2:52 A.M. ET Carlsberg quarterly revenue rises 5% 2:51 A.M. ET Next warns of full-year sales, profit shortfall 2:51 A.M. ET Morrison's like-for-like quarterly sales grow 2:42 A.M. ET Updated European equities a buy, but Trump policy inaction a risk: Eaton Vance 2:17 A.M. ET AB InBev profit surges amid U.S., Brazil headwinds 2:16 A.M. ET Societe Generale profit down 19%; settles with LIA 2:14 A.M. ET Veolia profit rises 4.8% in first quarter 2:14 A.M. ET China's Caixin Services PMI falls to 11-month low Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Clorox Reports Q3 Fiscal Year 2017 Results; Updates Fiscal Year 2017 Outlook By Published: May 3, 2017 6:30 a.m. ET Share OAKLAND, Calif., May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- For its third quarter ending March 31, 2017, The Clorox Company CLX, +0.85% today reported sales growth of 4 percent and an increase of 8 percent diluted net earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations. "We delivered solid results on top of double-digit earnings growth in the year-ago quarter," said Clorox Chairman and CEO Benno Dorer. "I'm pleased with our continued strong volume and sales growth supported by innovation that's providing meaningful value to consumers. I'm also encouraged by the progress we're making in our International business as that team continues to take deliberate actions to rebuild long-term profitability behind its Go Lean strategy." Dorer added, "Importantly, we're on track to deliver another year of solid sales and earnings growth. We're confident in our strategy and ability to deliver shareholder value over the long term." All results in this press release are reported on a continuing operations basis, unless otherwise stated. Some information in this release is reported on a non-GAAP basis. See "Non-GAAP Financial Information" below and the tables toward the end of this press release for more information and reconciliations of key third-quarter fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2016 results to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP). Fiscal Third-Quarter Results Following is a summary of key third-quarter results. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, unless otherwise stated. 7% volume growth 4% sales growth $1.31 diluted EPS (8% growth) In the third quarter, volume grew 7 percent, reflecting increases in the Cleaning and Household segments. Total company sales grew 4 percent, reflecting higher volume growth, 2 points of sales growth from the RenewLife digestive health business, which was acquired in May 2016, as well as the benefit of price increases in the company's International business, primarily in Argentina. These factors were partially offset by unfavorable mix and higher trade promotion investments to support product innovation. The company's third-quarter gross margin decreased 130 basis points to 44 percent from 45.3 percent in the year-ago quarter, when gross margin increased 210 basis points. Current-quarter gross margin reflected higher manufacturing and logistics costs, unfavorable mix, increased commodity costs and higher trade promotion investments, partially offset by the benefits of cost savings and price increases. Clorox delivered earnings from continuing operations of $172 million, or $1.31 diluted EPS, an increase of 8 percent. Third quarter diluted EPS results were driven primarily by higher sales, a lower effective tax rate and a gain from the sale of an international facility as part of the International business' Go Lean strategy, partially offset by significantly higher advertising and trade promotion investments behind product innovation, as well as lower gross margin. "Our third quarter results reflect strong advertising and trade promotion investments to support our brands, including product innovation, which we anticipate will contribute to our fourth quarter volume and sales results," said Chief Financial Officer Steve Robb. "Importantly, we continue to anticipate fourth quarter EBIT margin to increase, reflecting lower selling and administrative expenses." Year-to-date net cash provided by continuing operations was $483 million, compared with $436 million in the year-ago period. The year-over-year increase was primarily related to higher earnings in the current period and the timing of tax payments. Key Segment Results Following is a summary of key third-quarter results from continuing operations by reportable segment. All comparisons are with the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, unless otherwise stated. Cleaning (Laundry, Home Care, Professional Products)              13% volume growth 7% sales growth 8% pretax earnings increase Segment volume growth was driven largely by gains in Home Care, with another quarter of record shipments of Clorox [® ] disinfecting wipes reflecting expanded club-channel distribution and the launch of new Scentiva™ wipes and sprays. Professional Products also contributed to segment volume growth, with gains mainly across cleaning products. Volume outpaced sales due to unfavorable mix. Pretax earnings growth was driven mainly by higher sales and the benefit of cost savings. Household (Bags and Wraps, Charcoal, Cat Litter, Digestive Health) 9% volume growth 4% sales growth 6% pretax earnings decrease Segment volume growth was driven primarily by the benefit of the RenewLife acquisition and higher shipments in Cat Litter supported by increased merchandising activity, which includes Fresh Step [®] with Febreze™ products. These factors were partially offset by lower shipments in Charcoal, driven, in part, by poor weather affecting the beginning of grilling season, compared to high single-digit volume growth in the year-ago quarter. Volume outpaced sales primarily due to unfavorable mix and higher trade promotion investments. The decrease in pretax earnings reflected increased manufacturing and logistics costs and higher demand building investments to support product innovation, partially offset by higher sales and the benefit of cost savings. Lifestyle (Dressings and Sauces, Water Filtration, Natural Personal Care) 1% volume decrease 3% sales decrease 27% pretax earnings decrease Segment volume results were driven primarily by lower shipments in Water Filtration and Natural Personal Care, reflecting a comparison to double-digit volume growth in both businesses in the year-ago quarter. The variance between volume and sales was largely due to higher trade promotion investments to support product innovation that launched late in the quarter. The decrease in pretax earnings reflected lower sales, double-digit increases in demand-building investments and increased manufacturing and logistics costs. International  (Sales outside of the U.S.) 2% volume decrease 3% sales growth 82% pretax earnings growth Segment volume results were driven primarily by decreases in certain Latin American countries, mainly Argentina. These factors were partially offset by gains in Canada, which included the benefit of the RenewLife acquisition. Sales outpaced volume largely due to the benefit of price increases, primarily in Argentina, partially offset by higher trade promotion investments. Pretax earnings grew, reflecting a gain on the sale of an international facility, higher sales and the benefit of cost savings. These factors were partially offset by unfavorable commodity costs and increased manufacturing and logistics costs from continued high inflation. Excluding the $10 million gain on the sale of the facility, segment pretax earnings decreased, which was in line with the company's expectations. The company continues to anticipate that the International business' profitability will improve over the long term based on continued progress against its Go Lean strategy. Clorox Updates Fiscal Year 2017 Outlook 3% to 4% sales growth (unchanged) About 25 basis points of EBIT margin expansion (previously 25 to 50 basis points) $5.25 to $5.35 diluted EPS range (previously $5.23 to $5.38) Clorox continues to anticipate fiscal year sales growth of 3 percent to 4 percent, reflecting strong sales results to date, robust innovation plans and about 2 points of benefit from the RenewLife acquisition. The company anticipates these factors to be partially offset by about 1 point of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. Clorox now anticipates fiscal year EBIT margin expansion of about 25 basis points, reflecting lower selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales driven by ongoing productivity initiatives and normalized levels of performance-based incentive compensation costs, partially offset by lower fiscal year gross margin. Clorox now anticipates fiscal year 2017 diluted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $5.25 to $5.35, an increase of 7 percent to 9 percent. Clorox's fiscal year diluted EPS outlook reflects strong fiscal year-to-date sales growth, innovation across the company's portfolio and continued expectations for fiscal-year EBIT margin expansion. For More Detailed Financial Information Visit the company's Financial Information: Quarterly Results section of the company's website at TheCloroxCompany.com for the following: Supplemental unaudited volume and sales growth information Supplemental unaudited gross margin driver information Supplemental unaudited reconciliation of certain non-GAAP financial information, including earnings from continuing operations before interest and taxes (EBIT) and earnings from continuing operations before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) Supplemental unaudited balance sheet and cash flow information and free cash flow reconciliation Supplemental price-change information Note: Percentage and basis-point changes noted in this press release are calculated based on rounded numbers. Supplemental materials are available in the Financial Information: Quarterly Results section of the company's website at TheCloroxCompany.com. The Clorox Company The Clorox Company  CLX, +0.85% is a leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products with about 8,000 employees worldwide and fiscal year 2016 sales of $5.8 billion. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and recognized consumer brand names, including its namesake bleach and cleaning products; Pine-Sol® cleaners; Liquid Plumr® clog removers; Poett® home care products; Fresh Step® cat litter; Glad® bags, wraps and containers; Kingsford® charcoal; Hidden Valley® dressings and sauces; Brita® water-filtration products; Burt's Bees® natural personal care products; and RenewLife® digestive health products. The company also markets brands for professional services, including Clorox Healthcare® and Clorox Commercial Solutions®. More than 80 percent of the company's sales are generated from brands that hold the No. 1 or No. 2 market share positions in their categories. Clorox is a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact, a community of global leaders committed to sustainability. The company also has been broadly recognized for its corporate responsibility efforts, most notably receiving two Climate Leadership Awards for Excellence in 2015 and a Safer Choice Partner of the Year Award in 2016 and 2017 from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as well as being named to CR Magazine's 2017 Best Corporate Citizens list and included in the 2016 Newsweek Green Rankings. The Clorox Company and its foundations contributed nearly $17 million in combined cash grants, product donations, cause marketing and employee volunteerism in the past year. For more information, visit TheCloroxCompany.com, including the Good Growth blog, and follow the company on Twitter at @CloroxCo. CLX-F Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Except for historical information, statements about future volumes, sales, foreign currencies, costs, cost savings, margins, earnings, earnings per share, diluted earnings per share, foreign currency exchange rates, cash flows, plans, objectives, expectations, growth, or profitability are forward-looking statements based on management's estimates, beliefs, assumptions and projections. Words such as "could," "may," "expects," "anticipates," "targets," "goals," "projects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "predicts" and variations on such words, and similar expressions that reflect our current views with respect to future events and operational, economic and financial performance, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only predictions, subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those discussed. Important factors that could affect performance and cause results to differ materially from management's expectations are described in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, as updated from time to time in the company's SEC filings. These factors include, but are not limited to: intense competition in the company's markets; worldwide, regional and local economic conditions and financial market volatility; the ability of the company to drive sales growth, increase prices and market share, grow its product categories and achieve favorable product and geographic mix; volatility and increases in commodity costs such as resin, sodium hypochlorite and agricultural commodities, and increases in energy, transportation or other costs; dependence on key customers and risks related to customer consolidation and ordering patterns; risks related to reliance on information technology systems, including potential security breaches, cyber-attacks, privacy breaches or data breaches that result in the unauthorized disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or company information, or service interruptions; lower revenue or increased costs resulting from government actions and regulations, including with respect to the Aplicare business, despite the write down of Aplicare assets in the second quarter ended December 31, 2016; the ability of the company to successfully manage global, political, legal, tax and regulatory risks, including changes in regulatory or administrative activity; risks related to international operations, including political instability; government-imposed price controls or other regulations; foreign currency exchange rate controls, including periodic changes in such controls, fluctuations and devaluations; labor claims, labor unrest and inflationary pressures, particularly in Argentina; potential harm and liabilities from the use, storage and transportation of chlorine in certain international markets where chlorine is used in the production of bleach; and the possibility of nationalization, expropriation of assets or other government action in foreign jurisdictions; risks relating to acquisitions, new ventures and divestitures, and associated costs, including the potential for asset impairment charges related to, among others, intangible assets and goodwill; the ability of the company to develop and introduce commercially successful products; supply disruptions and other risks inherent in reliance on a limited base of suppliers; the impact of product liability claims, labor claims and other legal proceedings, including in foreign jurisdictions; the success of the company's business strategies; the ability of the company to implement and generate anticipated cost savings and efficiencies; the company's ability to attract and retain key personnel; the company's ability to maintain its business reputation and the reputation of its brands; environmental matters, including costs associated with the remediation and monitoring of past contamination, and possible increases in those costs resulting from actions by relevant regulators, and the handling and/or transportation of hazardous substances; the impact of natural disasters, terrorism and other events beyond the company's control; the company's ability to maximize, assert and defend its intellectual property rights; any infringement or claimed infringement by the company of third-party intellectual property rights; risks related to the potential increase in the company's purchase price for The Procter & Gamble Company's (P&G) interest in the Glad [®] business and the impact from the decision on whether or not to extend the term of the related agreement with P&G; the effect of the company's indebtedness and credit rating on its business operations and financial results; risks related to the company's discontinuation of operations in Venezuela; the company's ability to pay and declare dividends or repurchase its stock in the future; the company's ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls, including after completing acquisitions; uncertainties relating to tax positions, tax disputes and changes in the company's tax rate; the accuracy of the company's estimates and assumptions on which its financial projections are based; and the impacts of potential stockholder activism. The company's forward-looking statements in this press release are based on management's current views, beliefs and assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by the federal securities laws. Non-GAAP Financial Information This press release contains non-GAAP financial information relating to currency-neutral net sales growth, EBIT and EBIT margin. The company has included reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the end of this press release for these reconciliations. The company discloses these non-GAAP financial measures to supplement its consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as similar measures provided by other companies due to potential differences in methods of calculation and items being excluded. They should be read in connection with the company's consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP. EBIT represents earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, interest income and interest expense. EBIT margin is the ratio of EBIT to net sales. The company's management believes these measures provide useful additional information to investors about trends in the company's operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons. Currency-neutral net sales growth represents U.S. GAAP net sales growth excluding the impact of the change in foreign currency exchange rates, and is calculated by re-measuring the current period net sales using the comparable prior year's exchange rates. The company's management believes these measures provide useful additional information to investors about changes in the company's core business operations without the unpredictability and volatility of currency fluctuations. For recent presentations made by company management and other investor materials, visit Investor Events on the company's website.   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Unaudited) Dollars in millions, except share and per share data Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 Net sales $ 1,477 $ 1,426 $ 4,326 4,161 Cost of products sold 827 780 2,407 2,290 Gross profit 650 646 1,919 1,871 Selling and administrative expenses 201 204 598 581 Advertising costs 161 146 417 395 Research and development costs 35 35 98 99 Interest expense 22 22 66 67 Other (income) expense, net (16) 2 2 (2) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 247 237 738 731 Income taxes on continuing operations 75 78 237 248 Earnings from continuing operations 172 159 501 483 Earnings (losses) from discontinued operations, net of tax - 3 (1) - Net earnings $ 172 $ 162 $ 500 $ 483 Net earnings (losses) per share Basic     Continuing operations $ 1.34 $ 1.23 $ 3.89 3.73     Discontinued operations - 0.02 (0.01) - Basic net earnings per share $ 1.34 $ 1.25 $ 3.88 $ 3.73 Diluted     Continuing operations $ 1.31 $ 1.21 $ 3.82 3.67     Discontinued operations - 0.02 (0.01) - Diluted net earnings per share $ 1.31 $ 1.23 $ 3.81 $ 3.67 Weighted average shares outstanding (in thousands) Basic 128,752 129,690 128,899 129,463 Diluted 131,362 131,647 131,399 131,652   Reportable Segment Information (Unaudited) Dollars in millions Net sales Earnings (losses) from continuing operationsbefore income taxes Three Months Ended Three Months Ended 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 % Change(1) 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 % Change(1) Cleaning $ 497 $ 465 7% $ 132 $ 122 8% Household 486 467 4% 106 113 -6% Lifestyle 246 254 -3% 51 70 -27% International 248 240 3% 20 11 82% Corporate - - 0% (62) (79) -22% Total $ 1,477 $ 1,426 4% $ 247 $ 237 4% Net sales Earnings (losses) from continuing operationsbefore income taxes Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 % Change(1) 3/31/2017 3/31/2016 % Change(1) Cleaning $ 1,500 $ 1,419 6% $ 400 $ 394 2% Household 1,329 1,253 6% 246 262 -6% Lifestyle 742 736 1% 190 201 -5% International 755 753 0% 75 65 15% Corporate - - 0% (173) (191) -9% Total $ 4,326 $ 4,161 4% $ 738 $ 731 1% (1) Percentages based on rounded numbers.   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) Dollars in millions 3/31/2017 6/30/2016 3/31/2016 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 431 $ 401 $ 414 Receivables, net 568 569 530 Inventories, net 510 443 460 Other current assets 94 72 186 Total current assets 1,603 1,485 1,590 Property, plant and equipment, net 903 906 887 Goodwill 1,193 1,197 1,059 Trademarks, net 655 657 528 Other intangible assets, net 70 78 45 Other assets* 205 187 166 Total assets $ 4,629 $ 4,510 $ 4,275 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Notes and loans payable $ 650 $ 523 $ 432 Current maturities of long-term debt 400 - - Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 948 1,035 955 Income taxes payable - - - Total current liabilities 1,998 1,558 1,387 Long-term debt* 1,390 1,789 1,787 Other liabilities 788 784 735 Deferred income taxes 49 82 107 Total liabilities 4,225 4,213 4,016 Stockholders' equity Common stock 159 159 159 Additional paid-in capital 912 868 846 Retained earnings 2,351 2,163 2,103 Treasury shares (2,453) (2,323) (2,307) Accumulated other comprehensive net losses (565) (570) (542) Stockholders' equity 404 297 259 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 4,629 $ 4,510 $ 4,275 *In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, "Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost," which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  The Company adopted this standard in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and retrospectively applied the standard to all periods presented.      The tables below present the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP and other supplemental information. See "Non-GAAP Financial Information" above for further information regarding the company's use of non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations below are on a continuing operations basis. Third-Quarter and Fiscal Year-to-Date Net Sales Growth Reconciliation Q3Fiscal2017 Q3Fiscal2016 Q3FYTDFiscal2017 Q3 FYTDFiscal2016 Total Net Sales Growth – GAAP 3.6% 1.8% 4.0% 1.5% Less: Foreign exchange -0.1% -3.3% -1.3% -3.0% Currency-Neutral Net Sales Growth – Non-GAAP(1) 3.7% 5.1% 5.3% 4.5% (1) Currency-neutral net sales growth represents GAAP net sales growth excluding the impact of the change in foreign currency exchange rates, and is calculated by re-measuring the current period net sales using the comparable prior year's exchange rates. The reconciliations below for fiscal year 2016 are provided as a reference point for the fiscal year 2017 outlook. Fiscal Year EBIT Margin(2) Reconciliation Dollar in millions FYFiscal  2016 Earnings from continuing operations $983 before income taxes – GAAP Interest Income -5 Interest Expense 88 EBIT (2) – non-GAAP $1,066 Net Sales $5,761 EBIT margin(2) – non-GAAP 18.5% (2) EBIT represents earnings from continuing operations before interest and taxes. EBIT margin is the ratio of EBIT to net sales.   For Gross Margin Drivers, please refer to the Supplemental Information: Gross Margin Driver page in the Financial Information: Quarterly Results section of the company's website TheCloroxCompany.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/clorox-reports-q3-fiscal-year-2017-results-updates-fiscal-year-2017-outlook-300450159.html SOURCE The Clorox Company Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References CLX +1.11 +0.85% Most Popular Stephen Colbert on his anti-Trump rant: ‘I would do it again’ Why now may be a good time to buy gold and silver This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Clorox Co. U.S.: NYSE: CLX $131.20 +1.11 (+0.85%) Volume 1.5M Open $129.04 High $131.59 Low $127.62 P/E Ratio 26.35 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 16.7B Clorox Co. U.S.: NYSE: CLX $131.20 +1.11 (+0.85%) Volume 1.5M Open $129.04 High $131.59 Low $127.62 P/E Ratio 26.35 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 16.7B
﻿ Menu  TMG Corporate website Adomonline website Multi-TV website Joy Fm Luv Fm Adom Fm Nhyira Fm Hitz Fm Asempa Fm Services About Us Contact us Advertisements Our Daily Bread Partners Google DW BBC Rancard Zenolive Media Photos Videos Audio Live Radio Live TV Social  RSS Feeds  Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Google plus  LinkedIn  Instagram Community Sign in Newsletter Download App Features Special Assignment HotLine coming soon Events Bridal Fair Old Skuul Reunion Elections More Mynews Weather Stock Market Menu Classic View Home News Politics Sports Business Entertainment Opinion World Elections Live Radio Watch Live TV Photos Audio Videos TV More 7 shocking ways makeup affects your love life (Says Science) 7 shocking ways makeup affects your love life (Says Science) Source: Your Tango Date: 19-02-2015 Time: 05:02:48:pm As a woman, it's no surprise to you that just about every lady has an interesting relationship with makeup. You may have a daily routine with lipstick, eyeshadow or a magic concealer that you can't go without. You may have a signature look that makes you feel confident. You may even hate it, but wear it for certain occasions for different reasons. Here are seven ways this tumultuous relationship with makeup actually affects your love life: 1. Wear eyeshadow? You'll get MORE messages from men. A lot of people romanticize eyes, saying they're the windows to the soul. Perhaps this is why men prefer eye shadow on a woman more than any other kind of makeup. According to Zoosk, women received 139 percent more messages from male users once they posted a picture of themselves wearing eye shadow. 2. Red lips will make him stare. Sometimes you want to branch out to different lip shades especially when they are on trend. Orange is definitely a different take on a bright lip, nude is great with a smoky eye, but in the end the go-to color is red. Turns out men aren't at all tired of red. According to a study from Manchester University, men will keep staring at a woman with red lips for 7.3 seconds. Pink comes in second, holding a man's attention for 6.7 seconds. Who knew red lipstick had mind controlling powers? 3. Your undying love for makeup could come between you two. Although some guys dig makeup, most end up saying how much they dislike it and prefer "the natural look." However, who can trust this comment when most of the "natural" models men drool over are covered with foundation? Well, it turns out that if it really comes down to your love for makeup or the significant other then things could take a turn for the worse. A new study found that 57 percent of women would break up with their boyfriend rather than break up with their makeup bag. So don't pressure us, guys! 4. Men want you to wear LESS makeup though. A study done by Bangor University found that men prefer women who wear 40 percent fewer cosmetics along with women. So keep that in mind the next time you open your makeup bag. 5. Makeup may make men respect you more. According to a study from Procter & Gamble, wearing makeup makes you seem more competent. That means you should probably wear a little makeup to your first job interview and first date, because who wants to date someone who is incompetent? 6. Your blushed and bronzed cheeks may be turing him away. A lot of ladies love using blush and bronzer. After all contouring with bronzer to get high cheekbones without surgery is amazing! But it turns out men pay the least attention to blushed or bronzed cheeks, according to the study done by Zoosk.  If you are still dating and want to attract a man, then it's probably better to focus on your eye makeup and lip color. 7. Those lipstick kisses could be lethal. It may look good, but a lot of makeup out there contains things that you definitely don't want in your body. The FDA completed a study where they found more than 400 lipsticks contain lead. Drugstore brands and high-end labels had about .25ppm (parts per million) to 7.19 ppm of lead content. So if you wear a signature color every day, it may be time to switch to a natural brand. What others are reading NDC must stay in opposition for 16 years – Kweku Baako Expect power in three hours - GRIDCO confirms 70% plunged in darkness Association of alcohol manufacturers commends FDA probe into Adonko Bitters saga Students get ‘free passco’ on Vodafone’s Instant Schools portal Latest Stories Akufo-Addo advocates for 24-hours opening of Ghana-Togo borders I’m sorry – Nii Noi begs Akufo-Addo A rewarding career in Corporate Communications Expect power in three hours - GRIDCO confirms 70% plunged in darkness Coventry graduate recounts life-changing commitment to tackling terrorism LIFESTYLE Doctors unhappy with queueing to use theatre ODD NEWS Father drinks his daughter's breast milk to help beat bowel cancer AUTOS The Junction Mall Auto Show TECHNOLOGY Galaxy S8: The Smartphone Evolution We Dreamt About OBITUARY Madam SARDIS EMMAROSE OSEW ELECTIONS EC holds district elections in Nkoranza after 2015 disruption Home News Politics Business Sports World News Opinion More Sections Entertainment Elections Health Odd News Automobile Technology Media Audio on Demand Photo Gallery Online Radio Videos On Demand Live TV Social RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook Youtube Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Myjoyonline Advertise Online Team Privacy Policy Services Contact us Feedback Our daily bread
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Dental Care Market Report 2021: Development Trends, Drivers, Market Entry Strategies The Professional Dental Care Market Report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Professional Dental Care Industry Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Professional Dental Care Market for 2016-2021. The research was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the Professional Dental Care industry. Professional Dental Care Market is poised to reach USD 961.0 Million by 2021 with 4.5% CAGR during the forecast period of 2016-2021 Professional Dental Care Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the Professional Dental Care market. Professional Dental Care Industry report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Professional Dental Care Market Research Report @https://www.absolutereports.com/10588624    Major Key Players of Environmental Monitoring Market: Colgate-Palmolive Company (U.S.), The Procter & Gamble Company (U.S.), Unilever plc (U.K.), Johnson & Johnson (U.S.), Young Innovation, Inc. (U.S.), Ultradent Products, Inc. (U.S.), GC Corporation (Japan), GlaxoSmithKline plc (U.K.), Dr. Fresh, LLC (U.S.), 3M Company (U.S.), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands), and Sunstar (Japan).  Professional Dental Care Market Drivers: Growing number of small/private dental clinics Rising incidence of dental caries Increasing disposable incomes in emerging countries Growing awareness about dental hygiene Economic gains for dental practitioners Professional Dental Care Market Restraints: Increasing number of large/group dental practices Reluctance to adopt dental dispensing practices Professional Dental Care Market Opportunities: Low penetration of oral care services in rural areas Professional Dental Care Market Challenge: Regulatory restrictions on dental dispensing practices Get Sample PDF of Professional Dental Care Market Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10588624  Professional Dental Care Market Segmentation Based On Region: North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest Of The World Professional Dental Care Market Segmentation Based On Product: Toothpastes Pastes Gels Polishes Powders Toothbrushes Manual Toothbrushes Electric Toothbrushes Battery-Powered Toothbrushes Toothbrush Heads Mouthwashes/Rinses Non-Medicated Mouthwashes Medicated Mouthwashes Dental Accessories/Ancillaries Cosmetic Whitening Products Breath Fresheners Dental Flosses Dental Water Jets Denture Products Cleansers Fixatives Other Denture Products Other Professional Dental Care Products No. of Pages: 181 Get The Report at:http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10588624    CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsDental Care Market Analysis, Dental Care Market Growth, Dental Care Market Research Report, Dental Care Market Share, Dental Care Market Trend, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Snore-Ceasing Equipment Market to Witness a Healthy Y-o-Y Growth by 2021 Next PostNext Axel Springer and AppNexus Announce Technology Partnership Search Recent Posts CSE: 2017-0505 – New Listing – Nexco Resources Inc. (NXU) Liberation Near for Syrian City of Tabqa, OIR Spokesman Says Watson-Powered Tiatros Program for Veterans Achieves up to 73% PTSD Program Completion 3M Food Safety Product Named Winner of Silver Stevie in the 2017 American Business Awards ITO Etchant Market Development, Market Trends, Key Driven Factors, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Join us on Pinterest Get latest news on advertising, media and marketing Officer's Choice Blue A Tribute to the Groundsmen How teams can urge their fans to turn up in the park Search Content vs. Social Content Madison World acquires majority stake in brand-comm By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, New Delhi | In Media Planning & Buying | May 03, 2017 30SHARES The 18-year-old communications consulting company has six offices and over 40 PR consultants across India. Madison World has taken a controlling stake in Bangalore-based consultancy and PR agency, Integrated brand-comm. brand-comm, founded by Ramanujam Sridhar, is an 18-year-old communications consulting company with six offices across India. Speaking on the development, Ramanujam Sridhar said through a press statement, "Sam Balsara is a legend in the communications industry in India and it is a privilege to be a partner of Madison World. We see significant benefit to our clients and employees from this partnership." Madison World operates in the public relations space through Madison PR, headed by Paresh Chaudhry and has a 80-member strong team across offices in Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Chennai. It works with a blue chip client list including Procter & Gamble, ITC, GSK (vaccines division), Kellogg's, Wella, J W Marriott, Abbott Healthcare, Tata Power, Café Coffee Day, Crompton, amongst several other marquee brands. Commenting on the association Balsara, chairman and MD, Madison World, says, "Brand-comm is a well-respected communications company in the South and (Ramanujam) Sridhar is a recognised name in the field. We believe both parties will gain significantly from the synergies of this partnership." Lara BalsaraVajifdar, executive director, Madison World, adds, "We are always open to partnerships to grow and strengthen the reach of our various units in PR, creative, digital, mobile and retail, besides media and outdoor. We hope to close many more new relationships in the near future." brand-comm has clients from across sectors like education, FMCG, technology and healthcare, to name just a few and has over 40 PR Consultants. 30SHARES Follow afaqs! Search Tags Madison World brand-comm Ramanujam Sridhar Paresh Chaudhry Lara BalsaraVajifdar © 2017 afaqs!     Related Articles This V-Day, love your roomies, colleagues back, says CaratLane Digital Lowe's Jeff Emmanuel joins Famous Innovations as head of creative, Bangalore Advertising Famous Innovations wins CaratLane's creative mandate Advertising Famous Innovations wins D'Decor's creative mandate Advertising Famous Innovations bags five accounts Advertising Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year From PR executive to business head, Sony YAY!: Mee...Media Publishing Nat Geo pushes water agenda with four short filmsMedia Publishing Himani Kapadia appointed as CEO, India at SapientR...Advertising Protinex Grow's new TV commercial is a winning pro...Advertising Hindustan Times stakes claim to Mumbai in 3-film c...Advertising The IPL Fantasy League is backDigital Amazon Prime Video launches 'India Ka Naya Primeti...Advertising Sun TV Network to launch comedy channel 'Surya Com...Media Publishing Uber launches food delivery app UberEATS in IndiaDigital Mrs. Funnybones makes a case for Google PixelAdvertising The IPL Fantasy League is backDigital Amazon Prime Video launches 'India Ka Naya Primeti...Advertising Going to market, the Nadia Chauhan way...Marketing Love, Laugh, Cry, Wow and Buy: Facebook Awards 201...Digital L'Oréal India's Shalini Raghavan on marketing makeup...Marketing First TVC for Pulse candy to air over the weekendAdvertising Pepsi tweaks its packaging to woo new age consumer...Advertising Motherhood has no gender, says P&G in new Vicks adDigital Harley-Davidson's Pallavi Singh talks shop...Marketing How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor...Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bikeAdvertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos...Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek...Media Publishing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it?Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2...Digital afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr...Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing...Digital Sony LIV launches Hollywood libraryDigital This video by Parachute might just be India's most...Digital 5 / 10❬❭ Case Studies 5 Ways to Generate Leads with Video Marketing Source : Vidyard View All Current Issue April 16-30 2017 Art Director / Junior Art Director / Client Servicing Manager / Client Servicing Executive / Manager Business Development / Senior Visualizer / Art work / Graphic Developer May 04, 2017 Sr. Visualiser (Graphics /Print) May 02, 2017 Visualizer May 02, 2017 Client Servicing Executive. Apr 26, 2017 Account Executive Apr 18, 2017 Client Servicing Executive Apr 18, 2017 Creative Head / Graphic Designer Apr 10, 2017 View all jobs ❭ Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Foxglove Awards 2017 afaqs! India's Buzziest Brands 2017 vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Health Search Search Visit for coverage from TIME, Health, Fortune and moreGo » Best BuyBest Buy Will Now Sell Vivint’s Smart Home Installation Services BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe wealth managementUBS Is Hiring 100 Wealth Management Advisers for Hong Kong’s Millionaires aviationAmerican Airlines Cuts Two Inches of Legroom on Some Seats in New Jets Brainstorm Health Why America’s Top Bosses Love Sleep and Meditation Beth Kowitt May 03, 2017 Some corners of corporate America have long had a culture that wears its long and grueling hours like a badge of honor. Now a group of executives is trying to change that by opening up about how they each found balance in their own lives and by making wellness a priority at their companies. “I’ve found in a culture like Wall Street, people are obsessed with how many hours people work,” said Barry Sommers, CEO of Wealth Management at J.P. Morgan Chase, during Fortune's second annual Brainstorm Health conference in San Diego on Tuesday. “Way too many people are getting out of there as fast as they can because they’re totally burnt out.” Click here to subscribe to Brainstorm Health Daily, our brand new newsletter about health innovations. Sommers decided to take his health into his own hands a decade ago after someone he’d known personally and professionally for 30 years started doing transcendental meditation. “It transformed this person’s life,” he said. “I saw a different person.” Sommers now has being doing transcendental meditation 20 minutes two times a day for a decade. And he prioritizes sleep, getting seven and half to eight hours every night. “I changed my schedule and lifestyle,” he said. “When I do a dinner, we’ll be at the restaurant at 5pm, not at 8pm.” He said his kids make fun of it, but he wakes up every morning “incredibly happy.” If there’s a problem at the office, his employees know to call the house and his wife will wake him up. But rarely is there anything so important that it can’t wait until the morning, he said. “This goes completely against mainstream assumption that J.P. Morgan is the boiler room of burnout,” said Arianna Huffington, the founder and CEO of Thrive Global, who moderated the panel. Over at Levi Strauss, CEO and president Chip Bergh has focused on pushing exercise for his employees. “I always saw a connection between what I was doing for my own health and fitness and performance,” said Bergh, who has run triathlons and marathons. Levi Strauss was in turnaround mode when Bergh joined after 28 years at P&G. It was his belief that “the whole human drives performance” so he implemented a program that focuses on every aspect of employee life. The company subsidizes gym memberships for its employees who work at headquarters, and now has about half of them signed up. “It’s one of the things that's helping to contribute to us driving healthcare costs down,” Bergh said. He tries to model good behavior by making it clear when he leaves the office at lunch to work out. Deborah DiSanzo, general manager of IBM Watson Health, sets boundaries for herself and hopes her team follows suit. “I try to make a habit of not emailing on the weekend,” she said, adding that its parts of the company’s goal to create a “culture of health.” DiSanzo's health and work like collided five months after she took on her role at IBM when she received a cancer diagnosis. She struggled to get a consistent storyline from multiple doctors—they all gave her different information about the size of the tumor and the type of surgery and treatment she should have. She turned to Watson, who had been trained by the oncologists at Memorial Sloan Kettering, entered her data, and followed its recommendation. She’s now in remission. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman PFSweb Sets First Quarter 2017 Conference Call for Wednesday, May 10, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. ET /EINPresswire.com/ — ALLEN, TX–(Marketwired – May 2, 2017) – PFSweb, Inc. (NASDAQ: PFSW) (PFS), a global commerce service provider, will hold a conference call on Wednesday, May 10, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time to discuss its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. The results will be reported in a press release prior to the conference call. PFS CEO Mike Willoughby and CFO Tom Madden will host the conference call, followed by a question and answer period. Date: Wednesday, May 10, 2017 Time: 5:00 p.m. Eastern time (2:00 p.m. Pacific time) Toll-free dial-in number: 1-888-395-3237 International dial-in number: 1-719-457-2081 Conference ID: 1609872 Please call the conference telephone number 5-10 minutes prior to the start time. An operator will register your name and organization. If you have any difficulty connecting with the conference call, please contact Liolios Group at 1-949-574-3860. The conference call will be broadcast live and available for replay at http://public.viavid.com/index.php?id=124116 and via the investor relations section of the company’s website at www.pfsweb.com. A replay of the conference call will be available after 8:00 p.m. Eastern time on the same day through May 24, 2017. Toll-free replay number: 1- 844-512-2921 International replay number: 1-412-317-6671 Replay ID: 1609872 About PFSweb, Inc. PFSweb (PFS) (NASDAQ: PFSW) is a global commerce service provider of solutions including digital strategy consulting, digital agency and marketing services, technology development services, business process outsourcing services, and a complete omni-channel technology ecosystem. The company provides these solutions and services to major brand names and other companies seeking to optimize every customer experience and enhance their traditional and online business channels. PFS supports organizations across various industries, including Procter & Gamble, L’Oreal USA, LEGO, Canada Goose, ASICS, Roots Canada Ltd., PANDORA, Charlotte Russe, Anastasia Beverly Hills, David’s Bridal, T.J. Maxx, the United States Mint and many more. PFS is headquartered in Allen, TX with additional locations in Tennessee, Mississippi, Minnesota, Washington, New York, Ohio, North Carolina, Canada, Belgium, England, Bulgaria, and India. For more information, please visit www.pfsweb.com or download the free PFS IR App on your iPhone, iPad, or Android device. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Solar Capital Ltd. Announces Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Financial Results; Declares Quarterly Distribution of $0.40 per Share for Q2, 2017 Next PostNext Inphi Corporation Reports 16% Sequential and 73% Year-over-Year Revenue Growth in Q1, 2017 (from continuing operations) Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Glycerol Market to Cross USD 3 Billion by 2024 Worldwide | Hexa Research “Fact-based market research, penetrating industry insights and validated forecasts to help you make better decisions for a stronger future” Global Research on Glycerol Market Size By Application (Personal Care, Polyether Polyol Applications, Alkyd Resins), By Source (Biodiesel, Fatty Alcohols, Fatty Acids), Regional Outlook, Price Trend, Downstream Potential, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2024 The global Glycerol Market is projected to surpass USD 3 billion by 2024. Glycerol is used extensively in a variety of consumer products on account of to its nutrition values and non-toxicity. The applications of glycerol range from various food preservatives & sweeteners to anti-freeze chemicals & explosives. Moreover, it is a potential chemical platform for the renewable production of various chemicals. It provides a nature-friendly and economical alternative. Browse Report summary and TOC of “Glycerol Market”@ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/glycerol-industry A rapid growth in various healthcare technologies is anticipated to boost the market growth over the forecast period (from 2016 to 2024). However, the uncertain supply of feedstock is likely to hinder the growth of the global market. Moreover, low margins for refining methods may also further hamper the overall market growth. The global market is divided into applications, sources, and regions. The pharmaceuticals and personal care were the dominating application sectors of the glycerol market in 2015. However, the food & beverages sector is estimated to become the fastest-growing application sector with a healthy CAGR of over 8.4 % during the forecast period. This can be attributed to the improving lifestyle in various developing economies that further results into the increased consumption and demands for packed and processed foods. Polyether polyols sector is also witnessing a rapid growth due to rising usage of low-cal sweeteners in various food products. Other applications include perfume production, explosive production, tobacco humectants, etc. Related Reports @ Dyslipidemia Therapeutics Market Antidiabetic Drug Market The biodiesel sector was the biggest source for the production of glycerol in 2015. It occupied over 63 % of the overall market share. However, the fatty alcohols sector is estimated to be the leading source for the glycerol production with a CAGR of over 9 % from 2016 to 2024. Asia-Pacific was the largest regional glycerol market in 2015 that held over 40 % of the global market volume. The region is further estimated to be the leading market for glycerol growing at a CAGR of over 8 % during the estimated years. The Europe region was also dominating glycerol consumer on account of high demands in the pharmaceuticals, food & beverages, and personal care sectors. The product demands from the Middle East & Africa are also likely to increase. Some of the major market players include Cognis Corp.; Solvay SA; Procter & Gamble Chemicals; Kuala Lumpur Kepong Berhad; Wilmar International; Godrej Industries Ltd.; and Sofiproteol Group.  Browse Related Category Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/pharmaceuticals-industry About Us: Hexa Research is a market research and consulting organization, offering industry reports, custom research and consulting services to a host of key industries across the globe. We offer comprehensive business intelligence in the form of industry reports which help our clients obtain clarity about their business environment and enable them to undertake strategic growth initiatives. More information @ www.hexaresearch.com Media Contact Company Name: Hexa Research Contact Person: Ryan Shaw Email: sales@hexaresearch.com Phone: +1-800-489-3075 Address:Felton Office Plaza, 6265 Highway 9 City: Felton State: California Country: United States Website: www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/glycerol-industry CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Science, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Easiest Way To Activate And Install Office 2016 Using Genuine Product Key Next PostNext Cody Butler Business Book Debuts No.1 On Amazon Best Seller List Search Recent Posts New Book Aims to Inspire Women Facing Life Transitions Nurx.com Gives Away Birth Control in Anti-Contraception Activist, Teresa Manning’s Name Philadelphia Personal Injury Lawyer Discusses Big Box Store Injuries Ship & Shore Environmental, Inc. Closes two new deals in China, CEO advises local EPA Top Rated Web and Mobile App Development Company, Finoit Technologies, Incorporated in the US RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Retail Solutions, Inc. (RSi) Names New Executive Vice President of Engineering MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Retail Solutions, Inc. (RSi) the global leader in demand data analytics within the retailer and consumer-packaged goods (CPG) industries, names Amit Jain as Executive Vice President of Engineering. RSi is dedicated to continuing and building upon its state-of-the-art technology that supports retailer and supplier partners in their pursuit to access and analyze data on an enterprise scale. With over 130 developers focused on innovation and science, RSi is committed to delivering an infrastructure that supports clients. Mr. Jain will report into CEO, Bert Clement and lead all engineering efforts including product design, development and quality assurance. As a key executive inside the company, Mr. Jain will focus on building and managing the engineering team so that it is equipped for scale. In addition he will partner with other key RSi technical leaders and cross-functional groups to convert strategy and business objectives into products and solutions that are dedicated to support customers. „We are very excited to have Amit join us and lead all engineering efforts while also building strong relationships with our customers. Amit will use their feedback to enhance all future products and provide even better customer support and success,” said CEO Bert Clement. With over 15 years of experience in the field and a deep understanding of building highly scalable analytics platforms, enterprise software and distributed computing architectures, Mr. Jain has a proven track record of building and leading many cross functional global engineering teams from the ground up while delivering quality product development releases. Previous to RSi, Mr. Jain was with GT Nexus for the past 5 years where he was Vice President Engineering.  Mr. Jain will use his extensive market knowledge to assess the future needs of RSi customers, adapt product strategy, and execute on goals to assure success. „The opportunity to design and build a next generation platform and applications using predictive analytics, machine learning and a peta-scale computing/data management platform is what drew me to RSi,” said Mr. Jain. „My organization will be working very closely with our Products and Sales/Consulting organizations to define and build new analytic applications, forecasting models, algorithms and features for our customer needs.” Mr. Jain has a Master’s Degree in Computer Science and an undergraduate degree specializing in Mathematics & Statistics. About Retail Solutions, Inc. Retail Solutions, Inc. (RSi) transforms data into value — in the store, on the shelf and with shoppers worldwide.  To achieve operational excellence and measure performance daily, the world’s leading companies turn to RSi to transform their data into actionable insights. As the leader in data management and innovation with the most retailer collaboration programs, our goal is to bring operational clarity to our customers so they can operate their business more successfully. From solving out-of-stocks to driving inventory down, from optimizing sales strategies to determining marketing ROI, RSi helps cut costs and improve sales. For thirteen years we have been a trusted, massive data and analytics partner with more than 175 retailers and over 500 CPG companies, including such household names as Colgate-Palmolive, Nestlé, the Procter & Gamble Company and Unilever. To learn more about the company, visit: www.retailsolutions.com Media Relations Jessica Tobey Industry Relations Manager Jessica.tobey@retailsolutions.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/retail-solutions-inc-rsi-names-new-executive-vice-president-of-engineering-300448893.html SOURCE Retail Solutions, Inc. Related Links http://www.retailsolutions.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Investor Network: Career Education Corporation to Host Earnings Call Next PostNext Methanol Market to worth USD 61 Billion with a CAGR of 7.5% by 2022 Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Professional Hair Care Products Market Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2014-2020 Beauty and personal care industry includes skin care, hair care, oral care, cosmetics, toiletries, and others. Of all the aforementioned segments, demand for hair care products has restored from 2013. Consumers are becoming sophisticated in nature which has led to change in buying patterns for personal care products. Thishas led to introduction of customized products sustaining the assorted need of the consumers based on different cultures, hair types, and regions. Also, rising concerns for hair protection, demand for professional hair care products is expected to increase in the next five to six years. Professional hair care products are predicted to record a growth of around 5% to 6% annually in the near future. Factors such ashair stylist recommendations, efficacy of the products, and increasing penetration of hair care services are expected to bolster the professional hair care products market growth in near future. The professional hair care market is expected to witness growth due to factors such as increased consumer spending on personal care products, growing disposable income of consumers in emerging nations, and increasing penetration of hair salon services across the globe. In addition, changing hair grooming pattern especially among the male consumers is expected to fuel the market growth. However, high pricing coupled with less availability of professional hair care products across the designed distribution channels are restricting the market growth. Although, the professional hair care products market has attained a maturity level in developed countries, introduction of highly specialized products in shampoo and hair colorant category is anticipated to enhance the market growth. Also, in developing countries introduction of products addressing issues of consumers related to grey hair, dandruff and hair loss are expected to fuel the market growth. For instance, in India inclination of consumers towards enhanced hair appearance is a key trend leading to a shift in consumers from conventional products to professional hair care products. Furthermore, increasing product visibility across multi retail outlets aids the market growth during 2015-2020. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-207 The professional hair care products market is segmented on the basis of product type, and distribution channels. The various professional hair care products are broadly classified as conditioners, shampoos, hair colorants, hair serums, hair masks, hair sprays, and others. Among abovementioned products, the hair colorants category is expected to witness a growth of around 8% to 9% as compared to the other products. The various distribution channels through which the professional hair care products are marketed include spa and salons, web or online shopping stores, supermarkets and hypermarkets, speciality stores, and others. North America is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period, accounting for more than 30% of the market share by 2020. However, Asia pacific is expected to record highest CAGR as compared to other regions. Changing consumer buying patterns supported by increasing disposable income and spending on personal care products in countries such as India and China is driving the growth of professional hair care products in this region. Furthermore, growth of organizedretail industry is expected to enhance the demand for professional hair care products in MEA. Request For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-207 Some of the major international players in this market include L’oreal Group, Kao Group, Henkel AG & Co., Aveda Corporation, Procter & Gamble Co., Unilever Group, and PBI Group Inc., among the others. As a strategic move to enhance the product visibility, these companies are focused on increasing product penetration through online retailing, and creating awareness for hair care products through advertisements. In addition, high promotional activities such as increasing television commercials, value added packages in the hair care products range, and other offers has led to increased purchase of hair care products across the globe. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsProfessional Hair Care Products Market Volume, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Carlyle Group Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Next PostNext Global Food Robotics Market Witnessed To Take An Uptick In The Forecast Year 2022 Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Ecommerce, syndication * More Tags... Industry News * Advertising * More Industries... News By Place * Amsterdam   Amsterdam   Netherlands * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 4 3 2 1 April 2017 30 29 28 Icecat Full Year 2016 Update: 10% revenues growth Icecat's revenues expanded by 10.3% to 6 million EUR in 2016, and the use of its product database by e-commerce companies grew by 29%.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tag: • Ecommerce, syndication Industry: • Advertising Location: • Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Netherlands Subject: • EarningsAMSTERDAM, Netherlands - May 3, 2017 - PRLog -- 2016 highlights • Icecat prepared its successful IPO at NPEX • Icecat data-sheets downloads soured by 29% to 8.4 billion • 64,736 supported channel partners, an expansion by 21% • Revenues expanded by 10.3 to 6 million EUR • Gross margin grew by 10.8% year-on-year • Expansion to new sectors such as Toys, Do It Yourself and Fast Moving Consumer Goods. During 2016, Icecat management has dedicated itself to the preparation and announcement of Icecat's IPO at the Dutch SME Exchange NPEX.nl, which included among others reporting in IFRS, producing a prospectus for prospective investors, holding investor meetings to explain Icecat's proposition, appointing a second board member, preparing the foundation of a STAK (Stichting Administratiekantoor) for the successfully realized listing of depositary receipts, and further professionalizing the internal organization. At the same time, Icecat focused during 2016 on continued fast-growth of its revenues, +10.3% compared to 2015, at an almost similar profit level, despite the consultancy costs related to the IPO preparation. The gross margin (gross profit) of the company increased by 10.8%, at a similar pace as its revenues. The EBITDA decreased by -22.3% to 766 thousand euro, because of IPO-related costs and attributing less editor costs as prepaid for 2017 (-230 thousand euro). There were no significant changes in number of staff and (ICT) investments during 2016, compared to one year earlier. During 2016, Icecat was able to expand its business in Europe and globally (Rest of the World), and expanded its activities in the Toys, Health & Beauty, Do It Yourself and Fast Moving Consumer Goods sectors, as intended. Non-financial KPIs: fast expansion of Icecat's digital footprint Regarding its non-financial KPIs (Key Performance Indicators), the number of data-sheet downloads expanded by 29% to 8.4 billion downloads, the number of supported manufacturer brands increased by 25% to 15 thousand, the number of supported product categories grew by 40%, and the estimated number of connected channel partners (ecommerce users) expanded by 21%. The number of technical platforms stagnated, due to the concentration of users on popular ecommerce systems, like Magento Commerce, PrestaShop, VirtueMart, Ebay and Amazon. (See also https://www.iceclog.com/magento-prestashop-and-virtuemart-among-most-popular-eshop-platforms-processing-product-data/ ) Some more detailed insights in the 2016 trends by category as measured by Icecat, can be found here: https://www.iceclog.com/do-it-yourself-beauty-toys-lighting-are-fastest-developing-e-commerce-verticals/ Some further insights in trends on manufacturer brand level as measured by Icecat. (https://www.iceclog.com/ecommerce-channel-top-10-2016-ace...) Innovation The ICT innovation of Icecat has been focused during 2016 on improving its PIM-in-the-Cloud (Product Information Management service) for manufacturer clients like L'Oréal, the provisioning of product data through Icecat Live (a JavaScript and JSON based solution), it's API-IN for manufacturers to automatically push it's product data into the Icecat database, and piloting Artificial Intelligence in relation to optimizing editorial processes. Financial KPIs Annual Report 2016 See Annual report 2016 Icecat NV (https://www.iceclog.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Jaarre...) (PDF) for more details. About Icecat NV Icecat NV, which has recently announced its IPO, is a global publisher and syndicator of product information for the e-commerce market. Icecat NV, founded in 2009, works with some 65,000 webshops and hundreds of brands such as Philips, Sony, Samsung, HP, P&G, L'Oréal. Icecat includes the subsidiaries Icecat LLC (Icecat Ukraine) and Icecat Content Sourcing OÜ (Icecat Estonia), and participation Hatch B.V. The cost centers Icecat Ukraine and Icecat Estonia are responsible for hiring editor and software developer capacity. Hatch BV (formerly Iceleads) delivers smart "Buy Now" buttons that help manufacturers to turn their websites into measurable lead generators for their online retailers. Icecat is finalizing its acquisition of Iceshop BV in May, an ecommerce software developer which is also part of the iMerge ecommerce group. Contact Martijn Hoogeveen +31654256476 ***@icecat.com End Source : Icecat nv Email : ***@icecat.com Tags : Ecommerce, syndication Industry : Advertising Location : Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Netherlands Subject : Earnings Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse ICEcat PRs IPO of Icecat successful and trade commences at NPEX Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE) loses trademark case from ICECAT in Europe takeMS and ICEcat co-operate in providing free product info to the channel TakeItNow.com -the first Dutch online computershop- sold to ACES Direct by iMerge.nl Trending News Beacon Media + Marketing Welcomes Dustin Shannon To The Team United Premier Soccer League Announces Pro/Rel in Colorado with Championship Division, GAM United FC Pretty/Creepy: The Dainty Little Freak Show Part 2 heads to Chartreuse Gallery Meet Commissioner Donna Fiala, Contributing Author of "The People's Commissioner" at Sunshine Ace Loop AI Labs Welcomes Tom Davenport to its Board of Advisors Top Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Pro/Rel in Colorado with Championship Division, GAM United FC - 569 views XTECH Equipment, Artist Troy "Kickasso," Cole, Partner On Exclusive 5th Anniversary Pad Design - 558 views Richie Sambora takes one-of-a-kind guitar auction at Barnstable to whole new level - 371 views Triumph Krav Maga Announces Grand Opening Month in Metairie - 221 views ACEC/MA announces WSP/Parsons Brinckerhoff as 2017 winner of Gold Engineering Excellence Award - 216 views Top Weekly News 66 Brilliant Women in Creative Technology - 2603 views Forum Extended Care Services Names Pete Toke Senior VP of Business & Clinical Development - 1105 views Inflight Warning Systems Rapidly Growing with Cathay Pacific Partnership - 933 views SteelHouse Abstract Launches to Bring Exceptional Title Settlement Services to the Lehigh Valley - 830 views Nka Foundation Announces the Winners of 2017 Land Art Competition for Ghana - 705 views Top Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Pro/Rel in Colorado with Championship Division, GAM United FC - 569 views XTECH Equipment, Artist Troy "Kickasso," Cole, Partner On Exclusive 5th Anniversary Pad Design - 558 views Richie Sambora takes one-of-a-kind guitar auction at Barnstable to whole new level - 371 views Triumph Krav Maga Announces Grand Opening Month in Metairie - 221 views ACEC/MA announces WSP/Parsons Brinckerhoff as 2017 winner of Gold Engineering Excellence Award - 216 views Top Weekly News 66 Brilliant Women in Creative Technology - 2603 views Forum Extended Care Services Names Pete Toke Senior VP of Business & Clinical Development - 1105 views Inflight Warning Systems Rapidly Growing with Cathay Pacific Partnership - 933 views SteelHouse Abstract Launches to Bring Exceptional Title Settlement Services to the Lehigh Valley - 830 views Nka Foundation Announces the Winners of 2017 Land Art Competition for Ghana - 705 views PTC News Tovero at Mare Island Grand Opens this Saturday, May 6 - 170 views ICC Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results - 130 views John Cusack To Appear At Wizard World Comic Con Chicago, August 26-27 - 115 views Dalton Place Grand Opens in Covina Saturday, May 13th - 83 views Yes, I want to learn how I can buy my first home! - 37 views May 03, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
240 members of Congress co-sponsor bill to outlaw anti-LGBT discrimination · PinkNews Enter your email address to receive our daily LGBT news roundup Sign up No thanks You're free to unsubscribe at any time. Follow @pinknews News News Home UK US World Trans Politics Education Law Religion Business Entertainment Trans Opinion Travel Life Life Home Health Sport About Advertise Contact Privacy RSS Search Home UK US World Current Affairs Entertainment Opinion Travel Features Trans Current Affairs 240 members of Congress co-sponsor bill to outlaw anti-LGBT discrimination Nick Duffy, PinkNews 2nd May 2017, 5:04 PM Democrats at the previous Equality Act launch 240 members of Congress have put their weight behind a bill to outlaw anti-LGBT discrimination in the United States. There are currently no federal-level protections against discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity in the US. This means that it is legal to fire people or deny them services for being gay in more than 30 states due to patchy state-level protections. The Democrats have repeatedly tried to add LGBT rights protections to existing anti-discrimination civil rights laws, but Republicans in Congress have blocked both the Equality Act and its predecessor, the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). The Democrats today staged a high profile relaunch for the Equality Act legislation, though hopes are not high that the legislation will pass given the Republican majorities in both houses. Senator Cory Booker is one of the bill’s sponsors The Human Rights Campaign describes the bill as “bipartisan legislation”, but in the previous session it was backed by just three Republican lawmakers. HRC says the law would “provide clear and equal protections under federal law for all Americans in vital areas of life, like employment, access to public spaces, housing, credit, education, jury service, and federally-funded programs.” Human Rights Campaign President Chad Griffin said: “No person’s fundamental rights should be determined by which side of a state line they live on. “The Equality Act will once and for all end the unacceptable patchwork of non-discrimination laws across this country that leaves LGBTQ people at risk. “Every American should have a fair chance to earn a living, provide for their families, and live their lives without fear of discrimination. And at its core, that’s what the Equality Act is all about.” HRC points to polling that shows the overwhelming majority of Americans still support anti-discrimination protections for LGBTQ people. Polling released last year by the nonpartisan Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) found that support for a bill like the Equality Act topped 70 percent nationally, including a majority of Democrats, Republicans and Independents. The survey found majority support for the Equality Act in all 50 states. However, on a state level, opponents of LGBT rights have had some success derailing debates around discrimination protections by using scaremongering tactics around transgender people in bathrooms. A horrific ad in support of Republicans in Texas and North Carolina depicted the rape of a little girl in an attack on LGBT rights protections. LGBT activists will be keen to avoid a similar tactic being employed on a national scale, and will emphasise the broad base of corporate support for the law. 90 of America’s most influential corporations have backed the law, including Unilever, Coca-Cola and Google. They are Abercrombie & Fitch Co.; Accenture; Adobe Systems Inc.; Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Airbnb Inc.; Alcoa Inc.; Amazon.com Inc.; American Airlines; American Eagle Outfitters; American Express Global Business Travel; Apple Inc.; Arconic; Automatic Data Processing Inc.; Bank of America; Best Buy Co., Inc.; Biogen; Boehringer Ingelheim USA Corp.; Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.; Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc.; Brown-Forman Corp.; CA Technologies Inc.; Caesars Entertainment Corp.; Capital One Financial Corp.; Cardinal Health Inc.; Cargill Inc.; Chevron Corp.; Choice Hotels International Inc.; Cisco Systems Inc.; The Coca-Cola Co.; Corning Inc.; Cox Enterprises; CVS Health Corp.; Darden Restaurants Inc.; Delhaize America Inc.; Diageo North America; The Dow Chemical Co.; Dropbox Inc.; E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (DuPont); eBay; EMC Corp.; Facebook Inc.; Gap Inc.; General Electric Co.; General Mills Inc.; Google Inc.; The Hershey Company; Hewlett Packard Enterprises; Hilton Worldwide Inc.; HP Inc.; HSN Inc.; Hyatt Hotels Corp.; IBM Corp.; Intel Corp.; InterContinental Hotels Group Americas; Johnson & Johnson; JP Morgan Chase & Co.; Kaiser Permanente; Kellogg Co.; Kenneth Cole Productions; Levi Strauss & Co.; Marriott International Inc.; MasterCard Inc.; McGraw Hill Financial; Microsoft Corp.; Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams; Monsanto Co.; Moody’s Corp.; Nike Inc.; Northrop Grumman Corp.; Office Depot Inc.; Oracle Corp.; Orbitz Worldwide Inc.; PepsiCo Inc.; Procter & Gamble Co.; Pure Storage Inc.; Qualcomm Inc.; Replacements Ltd.; Salesforce; SAP America Inc.; Sodexo Inc.; Symantec Corp.; T-Mobile USA Inc.; Target Corp.; Tech Data Corp.; TIAA; Twitter Inc.; Uber Technologies Inc.; Unilever; Warby Parker; Wedding Wire Inc.; Williams-Sonoma Inc.; and Xerox Corp. Democrat Hillary Clinton had promised to prioritise passing the Equality Act if elected President. Democrats promised the LGBT anti-discrimination bill would be a “top priority,” suggesting it could be discussed in the House within the first 100 days of a Clinton presidency. 6 reader comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More like this One of the only pro-LGBT Republicans is retiring from Congress Theresa May has been asked if she thinks gay sex is a sin President Hillary Clinton celebrates 100 days in office Green Party co-leader Jonathan Bartley: As a Christian, I know gay sex is not a sin Watch: Republican Congressman cries as he begs God to ‘forgive’ America for gay marriage Joe Kennedy leads opposition to Trump’s anti-LGBT Army Secretary Theresa May will not dump vital LGBT rights protection, reports indicate ‘Death to gays’ pastor jailed for 35 years for child molestation More: Gay LGBT US Republican democrat Republicans Congress Equality Act Democrats Members of Congress Trending Trending Now JK Rowling shuts down Trump fan Cynthia Nixon: I didn't really identify as bisexual Chechnya police: Kill your gay children before we do White House to have anti-LGBT religious freedom order signed this week Trending JK Rowling shuts down Trump fan on anniversary of Voldemort’s defeat Sex and the City star Cynthia Nixon: ‘I didn’t really identify as bisexual’ Chechnya police: Kill your gay children before we kill them in torture camps White House set to have anti-LGBT ‘religious freedom’ order signed this week Latest stories This awesome tool lets you access the Gender Free Internet All NYC schools required to have single-stall bathrooms for trans students Alabama just got a law permitting anti-LGBT discrimination in adoption Top Democrat US Senator will vote against Trump’s anti-LGBT Army Sec nominee PinkNews Q&A: Submit your questions for UKIP leader Paul Nuttall 1300 faith leaders urge Trump to drop plans for anti-LGBT ‘religious freedom’ order © 2017 PinkNews Terms Contact Advertise
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Luxury Personal Care and Cosmetics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 – 2025 The demand for luxury personal care and cosmetics market has escalated in the past few years on account of rising purchasing power of consumers. Transition in the lifestyle of the consumers is a key element for the surge in the demand for such products, especially in the developing regions such as Asia Pacific. For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Increasing penchant for a trendy lifestyle is one of the key factors responsible for the growth of the luxury personal care and cosmetics market. This is primarily attributed to the increase in the purchasing power of the consumers coupled with exposure to such kind of products. Although the share for luxury personal care and cosmetics is low at present, the same is expected to witness a steady growth during the forecast period. Increasing foreign direct investments is one of the major factors responsible for the growth of the luxury personal care and cosmetics market at present. The major manufacturers operating in this industry are looking to penetrate potential markets for significant expansion opportunities. For instance, India recently experienced massive penetration by way of foreign direct investments. The country recorded an investment of USD 31 billion in the first half of 2015, much higher as compared to USD 28 billion in China and USD 27 billion in U.S. during the same period. Further government has bolstered Indian luxury brands by easing norms for FDI. However, brief shelf life of the personal care and cosmetics market are restraining the global luxury personal care and cosmetics market over the years. Additionally increasing demands for organic luxury personal care and cosmetics are generating opportunities to the market during the forecast period The global luxury personal care and cosmetics market are segmented on the basis of product type, by end use and by distribution channel. By product type the global luxury personal care and cosmetics market has been segmented into skin care and sun care products, hair care products, deodorants, fragrances, make up or color cosmetics. Sun care and skin care products are anticipated to capture the largest market share due to rising consciousness of proper skin among the population. By end use the market has been segmented on the basis of men and women. Rise in consciousness among men regarding personal grooming are triggering the growth rate of the global luxury personal care and cosmetics market. By distribution channel the global luxury personal care and cosmetics market has been segmented into online distribution channel and offline distribution channel. Offline distribution channel has been further segmented into super markets and hyper markets, independent stores and others. Online distribution channel are anticipated to show the fastest growth rate due to the presence of large number of brands, discounts and easy convenience for the consumers. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/luxury-personal-care-c… In the region wise study the global luxury personal care and cosmetics market has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa and Latin America. Europe which includes Germany, Italy, France, and Russia among the other regions are anticipated to capture the largest market share due to the rising consciousness regarding beautification among the consumers. North America which includes U.S, Canada are also anticipated to capture a significant market share after Europe. Asia Pacific region which includes India, China, Japan and Malaysia, are anticipated to show the fastest growth rate due to increasing number of manufacturers over the years and rising research and development in order to develop new products. High level of discretionary spending, rapid urbanization, and reliance on imported products also fueled the growth rate of the Asia Pacific luxury personal care and cosmetics market. Global key participants in the industry include Unilever plc, Beirsdoef AG, Amway, Procter & Gamble, Avon Products Inc. L’Oréal SA, The Estee Lauders Company Inc., Shiseido Company Limited, Burt’s Bee, Arbonne International, LLC, Aubrey Organics, Oriflame Cosmetics SA, Weleda among others. About TMR TMR is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact TMR 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Halal Cosmetics Industry 2017 Market Size (Volume And Value), And The Segment Markets By Regions, Types, Applications And Companies Next PostNext Global Cosmetic Chemicals Report Industry 2017 Market Size (Volume And Value), And The Segment Markets By Regions, Types, Applications And Companies Search Recent Posts Global Corporate LMS Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Metatron’s ($MRNJ) Secure Chat App Approved and Released on iTunes Hawthorne Global Aviation Services Acquires JetSun Aviaton Centre FBO in Sioux City, Iowa DL-Methionine Market: Impact of Existing and Emerging Flexible Market Trends and Forecast 2017-2022 Irritable Bowel Disease (IBD) Patients Experience Invisible and Life-altering Burdens RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Editorial NEWS 25 mins ago Tip Top launches ‘Tip Top sandwich thins’ with imaginary creature ‘Fuzzles’ 51 mins ago Refraction Media promotes maths based careers launching Careers with Maths magazine 3 hours ago ACCC chair Rod Sims calls for more advertiser feedback as Ooh Media APN Outdoor merger placed in doubt 4 hours ago Uber appoints Special Group as creative agency for Australia and New Zealand 4 hours ago Turnbull Government to offer more than $6m to community radio sector in Tuesday’s Budget OPINION Why Fairfax management aren’t the real villains Fairfax strike disrespects journalism’s supporters JULIE POSETTI UNESCO report: surveillance and data collection are putting journalists and sources at risk Miranda Ward Quitting Facebook Instant Articles and Apple News: unravelling a Faustian pact ALEX PACEY An open letter to myself in the year 2000 FEATURES 1 day ago What do publishers and agencies need to do to change the magazine audience conversation? 1 week ago Campaign Review: The verdict on Metamucil, Fanta, the NRL and Four Seasons 3 weeks ago Remaking Clems Melbourne 3 weeks ago Campaign Review: The verdict on KFC, APIA, NBN and CommBank 3 weeks ago The secrets of customer segmentation strategy DR MUMBO 1 day ago The mystery of NameFest’s curious speaker lineup 2 days ago How do you do, fellow larrikins? 3 weeks ago Handbags and online rags 4 weeks ago How Domain solved the housing affordability crisis 4 weeks ago When is a correction not a correction? When it’s in the AFR F.Y.I. 5 hours ago BCM hires new account service team 6 hours ago Media and Production Partners wins media and planning for Musashi 8 hours ago Freeview FV wins International Grand Prix at the Connie Awards 1 day ago PR agency Agent99 secures Winning Moves gaming account 1 day ago Liquid Ideas expands Beam Suntory PR account 2 days ago News Corp announces Cannes Young Lions finalists 2 days ago Jane Tjokrowidjaja and Anne Lau join DDB Sydney creative team 2 days ago Seven Congratulates Beat Bugs on Emmy Award 3 days ago Bauer Media revamps Bravest Kids Awards for 2017 Events AWARDS June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Awards June 29, 2017 Mumbrella Awards VIEW ALL AWARDS CONFERENCES June 6-8, 2017 Mumbrella360 June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Summit August 10, 2017 Finance Marketing Summit VIEW ALL CONFERENCES TRAINING TBC Mumbrella Digital School TBA Mumbrella Mobile Marketing Masterclass OTHER INDUSTRY EVENTS Jobs More More The Source Business Directory Freelance Directory Company About Mumbrella Advertise Advertise Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Australia Asia Subscribe News Opinion Dr Mumbo F.Y.I. Events Other Industry Events Jobs More About Mumbrella Freelance Directory Business Directory Advertise Subscribe to newsletter News Omnicom’s Annalect beefs up Australian leadership May 3, 2017 10:40 by Miranda Ward 0 Ominicom’s marketing data and technology company Annalect has beefed up its senior team locally with four new hires. Nagendra Jayaram, Daniela Elia, Anthony Tomase, Adam Krass WPP’s programmatic platform Xaxis has seen its head of data and operations Adam Krass move to Annalect to take up the role of head of technology. Krass was with Xaxis for three years and before that worked with eBay. On his new role, Krass said: “Technology and data have the promise of making marketing easier and more effective, but the reality can be something painfully different. “It is a complex landscape and I believe the Annalect heritage and its positioning as a global leader in digital data & technology puts us in a unique place to help clients navigate it, make sense of it and benefit from the opportunity.” Core Logic data scientist Daniela Elia has been named as head of marketing science while  Accenture team lead Nagendra Jayaram has joined as head of reporting and Omincom’s system manager Anthony Tomasello has been appointed as head of ad operations. Elia said: “Annalect is one of the most innovative players in the market today. Joining the company is an exciting opportunity to break new ground in marketing and media. We are on the pinnacle of a data revolution.” The team joins Martin Orliac, general manager Annalect Australia, who has led the company’s entry into the Australian market which came in response to the agency’s success in the US, including their role in Omnicom’s P&G and AT&T wins last year and the creation of the media agency Hearts & Science. Hearts & Science is yet to launch in Asia Pacific. Its founder Scott Hagedorn, who was previously boss of Annelect, will open Mumbrella360 next month. For more program information and to book tickets click here.   Keep up to date with Mumbrella360 Name: Company: Email: Miranda Ward Miranda Ward is the deputy editor at Mumbrella. Miranda joined Mumbrella in September 2013 from Sky News and has covered creative agencies, PR and publishing in her three years with the company and now covers a wider media remit. She also edits the weekly newsletter CommsCon and the weekly publishing newsletter Publish. topics Annalect, Hearts & Science Share Tweet Share Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 48 Comments Why that Pepsi ad isn’t as bad as you think it is 39 Comments 457 visa axing to hurt PR industry with ‘PR manager’ to be removed from temporary visa list 35 Comments Job cuts, one brand and the future: Will Fairfax get it right this time around? 25 Comments Why Fairfax management aren’t the real villains 25 Comments AGL puts sustainability and digital experience at the forefront in brand refresh SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
