Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/30/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/30/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Are Procter & Gamble Co.'s Growth Days Over? P&G is on track for a third straight year of sluggish sales gains. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) May 30, 2017 at 1:34PM It's been two steps forward, one step back for Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) investors so far this year. The consumer products giant posted consecutive solid quarters of growth to begin its fiscal 2017. In fact, the boost was strong enough that it convinced management to raise its operating outlook. But P&G in late April revealed a slowdown and warned that it would likely finish at the low end of its latest guidance. Below, we'll look at the prospects for this struggling business to return to market-beating sales gains. Breaking down the slump Organic growth fell to a 1% rate last quarter after rising by 2% in the prior quarter and by 3% at the start of the year. The drop was broad-based, with the core U.S. market seeing its growth rate cut in half from the prior quarter as developing markets slipped to a 4% increase from 5%. A few negative industry trends contributed to the slump, including delayed tax returns and rising gas prices. As a result, P&G wasn't the only company to take an operating hit. Unilever (NYSE:UL) posted declining sales volumes in its fiscal first quarter and had to rely solely on price increases to boost revenue. And Colgate (NYSE:CL), which competes with P&G's Crest toothpaste brand, lowered its outlook after first-quarter results came in below management's target. "Uncertainty in global markets and slowing category growth worldwide remain challenging," executives said as they predicted underperforming their goal of between 4% and 7% organic growth this year. Image source: Getty Images. Yet P&G also lost market share in some of its most important categories. The grooming business endured a double-digit sales drop in developed markets as the Gillette razor blade franchise struggled against intense competition including from Unilever's Dollar Shave Club. The brand has seen its market share dive to below 65% from 70% in fiscal 2013, and there aren't currently signs that a turnaround has taken hold. Doubling down on what's working On the bright side, P&G has now shed dozens of its weakest brands so that the remaining portfolio enjoys both above-average growth prospects and unusually high profitability. Those advantages are combining with huge cost cuts and efficiency gains to put the company in a great position to plow investments into supporting its key franchises with bigger marketing budgets. It's early to expect major positive impacts from these changes, especially as the industry weakens further, but P&G did manage higher sales volume last quarter, which is more than rival Kimberly-Clark can claim. Among its other key wins was a 30% spike in e-commerce sales that pushed that segment to a respectable 5% of the overall business. Procter & Gamble's earnings are rising, too, allowing the company to return to a more respectable pace of dividend increases. PG Net Income (TTM) data by YCharts. A real growth upgrade -- one that delivers persistent market share gains -- won't happen until P&G ups its innovation game. The good news is that the company has in the recent past introduced products that both sped up the category and generated lasting profits. These include Tide pods and Downy scent beads. The franchises are driving industry-leading revenue and profitability growth more than five years from their introduction. Unless P&G can launch a string of product hits like these in its baby care, fabric care, grooming, and healthcare segments, organic growth is likely to continue lagging the industry. Management says they're working on plenty of ideas with this kind of potential. If a few of the innovations succeed, the company can at least partly offset the weak industry conditions that CEO David Taylor and his team are projecting to seep into the 2018 fiscal year that begins in July. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info May 30, 2017 at 1:34PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $55.30 up $0.17 (0.31%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $87.40 up $0.15 (0.17%) Colgate-Palmolive NYSE:CL $76.09 up $0.64 (0.85%) Read More 10 Companies That Have Paid Dividends for More Than 120 Years 3 Dividend Stocks for Thrifty Investors Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc 4 Key Quotes From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Earnings Call Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Are Procter & Gamble Co.'s Growth Days Over? @themotleyfool #stocks $UL, $PG, $CL
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Vereit Inc (VER) Stake Increased by Capstone Asset Management Co. First PREMIER Bank Boosts Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Maintained by Spirit of America Management Corp NY Brady Corp (BRC) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Sells 305 Shares of Trueblue Inc (TBI) Bank of Montreal Can Sells 258 Shares of ING Groep NV (ING) Bank of Montreal Can Cuts Position in Watsco Inc (WSO) Bank of Montreal Can Raises Stake in Luxottica Group SpA (LUX) Fenimore Asset Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Sold by DAVENPORT & Co LLC Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG Zealand Pharma A/S (ZLDPF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Easterly Government Properties Inc Issued By SunTrust Banks (DEA) MiX Telematics Ltd – (MIXT) Downgraded by TheStreet Axsome Therapeutics Inc (AXSM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sula Iron and Gold PLC’s (SULA) Speculative Buy Rating Reiterated at VSA Capital Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Elegant Hotels Group PLC (EHG) Alexander Mining plc (AXM) Receives “Corporate” Rating from Northland Securities Liberum Capital Reaffirms Under Review Rating for Fastjet PLC (FJET) Fenimore Asset Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fenimore Asset Management Inc. maintained its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 2,880 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Fenimore Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $259,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. State Street Corp increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 117,814,233 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,905,824,000 after buying an additional 1,102,516 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 41,540,032 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,728,219,000 after buying an additional 105,964 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,918,188,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,964,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,343,059,000 after buying an additional 62,847 shares during the period. Finally, Loomis Sayles & Co. L P increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 4.9% in the fourth quarter. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P now owns 8,766,489 shares of the company’s stock worth $737,087,000 after buying an additional 406,412 shares during the period. 68.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) opened at 87.25 on Tuesday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52-week low of $80.74 and a 52-week high of $92.00. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $87.71 and its 200-day moving average price is $87.14. The stock has a market cap of $223.15 billion, a PE ratio of 16.04 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.70 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The company’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.86 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st were issued a $0.6896 dividend. This is a positive change from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.16%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Fenimore Asset Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/fenimore-asset-management-inc-maintains-stake-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on PG shares. B. Riley downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $106.00 to $91.00 in a report on Monday, March 6th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their target price on Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their target price on Procter & Gamble Co from $88.00 to $87.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Vetr raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.80 target price for the company in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.34. In other news, insider Steven D. Bishop sold 2,668 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.34, for a total transaction of $233,023.12. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 43,608 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,808,722.72. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 3,837 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $333,819.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 46,913 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,081,431. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 199,891 shares of company stock valued at $17,276,637. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Discover: Quotes Weather Seedstock 100 Blog: Beef Daily LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness Digital Issues – BEEF Digital Issues – BEEF Vet More Menu Log In or Register Animal Health Beef Quality BEEF Vet Business Genetics/Reproduction Nutrition Pasture/Range Regulatory Quotes Weather Seedstock 100 Blog: Beef Daily LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness Digital Issues – BEEF Digital Issues – BEEF Vet Beef Vet Feeder Focus FFA Chapter Tribute Samuelson Sez Over a Cup Health Ranch Pasture to Pounds Seedstock 100 About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Who won BEEF’s ‘For the love of land & livestock” photo contest? May 30, 2017 6 Trending Headlines: New Yorkers meet South Dakota ranchers; PLUS: Koreans snap up U.S. beef May 30, 2017 Why it’s important to protect calf health prior to birth May 29, 2017 Batista brothers resign from top JBS S.A. posts May 27, 2017 This Week in Agribusiness, May 27, 2017 May 27, 2017 Featured Meat Market Update | Cutout tops out, starts seasonal decline May 25, 2017 4 cattle mineral misconceptions debunked May 19, 2017 How Natural Resources Defense Council got it wrong on beef demand May 25, 2017 Brazilian corruption scandal could impact U.S. beef industry May 25, 2017 Victor Moriyama/Getty Images SAO PAULO, BRAZIL - MARCH 20: Shoppers browse for meat at a public market March 20, 2017 in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Brazilian Federal Police launched a major operation in several Brazilian states with search and arrest warrants for directors of the country's main meat-producing companies, such as JBS and BRF. Thirty-three employees of the Ministry of Agriculture were removed from office for alleged involvement in a corruption scheme and receiving a bribe for allowing spoiled meat to circulate in Brazilian supermarkets. (Photo by Victor Moriyama/Getty Images) Marketing Batista brothers resign from top JBS S.A. posts New board chair announced. May 27, 2017 Compiled by Cheryl Day JBS S.A., the world’s largest meatpacker, announced Friday that Joesley Batista resigned as chairman and member of the board. The Board of Directors unanimously elected Tarek Farahat as Batista’s replacement. Company owners and brothers Joesley and Wesley Batista entered into a plea bargain deal that accused Brazil’s President Michel Temer of endorsing the bribing of a witness in the country’s largest meat scandal. The brothers’ testimony, released last week, unleashed a political crisis, alleging that they bribed hundreds of politicians, reports Reuters. Both brothers resigned from their senior posts effectively immediately. Tarek Farahat has worked for Procter & Gamble for 26 years, serving in a number of leadership positions in several regions around the globe, including the Middle East, Europe and Latin America. From 2006-12, he served as president of P&G Brazil. In 2012, he became president of P&G Latin America and an officer of the company’s executive board. Farahat has been a member of the Board of Directors of JBS since 2013 and has served as global president of Marketing and Innovation since 2015. In the same meeting, José Batista Sobrinho was unanimously elected vice chairman of the Board. The Board also ratified the creation of a Governance Committee, which will be led by Farahat and whose main objective will be to implement global best practices in corporate governance and compliance at JBS. “Governance is my utmost priority. We will work hard to restore trust with the market and protect the more than 235,000 families that are part of JBS. There is a significant amount of work to be done in order to regain the trust of our stakeholders,” states Farahat. “We remain focused on offering consumers the highest quality products and services while maintaining a close partnership with our suppliers and clients, and supporting our more than 235,000 team members worldwide,” adds Farahat. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Weekly Cattle Market Wrap Up: Heavy weight feeders continue to head to townMay 26, 2017 Meat Market Update | Cutout tops out, starts seasonal declineMay 25, 2017 How Natural Resources Defense Council got it wrong on beef demandMay 25, 2017 What’s ahead for beef cow slaughter?May 15, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Contact Us Advertise Sitemap Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, Little Caesars, Smirnoff and More 4 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 6 hours ago Array 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 6 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat Moves to Create a Safer Environment for Brands By Garett Sloane - 7 hours ago Array 0 My Banned Words for 2017 By Shelly Palmer - 8 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 6 hours ago 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 6 hours ago 0 Brace Yourself for Dollar Shave Club's Cringeworthy Ads About Grooming 'Down There' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 days ago 0 Five Things to Expect at Cannes (Not Counting Rosé) By Lindsay Stein - 14 hours ago 0 Video: Mute Melania Is Our Meme of the Week By Simon Dumenco and Nathan Skid - 4 days ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Digital Media's Year in the Crosshairs Published on May 20, 2017. Credit: Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg Most Popular Marketers turned against digital media before January was out. That's when the world's top advertiser, Procter & Gamble, urged a boycott of digital ads that don't meet higher standards. On what? You name it. Then the press spotlighted ads on horrible videos, sending marketers running. Here's your ever-updating timeline to the Year in Digital Hell, newest events up top. Snapchat Moves to Create a Safer Environment for Brands May 30 The app seeks outside help. Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too May 30 Here's the offline channel with awful viewability. YouTube Trots Out Kevin Hart, James Corden to Woo Back Brands May 4 A big pitch puts the safest content center-stage. Forrester Sees Advertiser Revolt as Beginning of the End May 2 This year's pressure will at least bend the rise of digital, an analyst predicts. Alphabet Rides Mobile Ad Binge, YouTube Boycott Leaves No Mark April 27 YouTube may be too big to fail. IAB Chief 'Can't Deal With This Shit,' Demands Members Join TAG April 21 The main digital ad group tries to fight ad fraud. These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check April 19 A toothpaste ad follows a murderer's rant. World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Color? April 17 Advertisers may abandon long-tail territory, changing the internet in the process. YouTube Restricts Ads to Vetted Channels, PewDiePie Declares 'Adpocalypse' April 6 Video channels now need 10,000 lifetime views and an approved application to generate revenue. On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire TV Networks April 5 Turn on YouTube most any morning and see a livestream of CNN or ESPN. YouTube Invites in Safety Inspectors, but Powers Are Limited April 4 "Brand safety vendors are jumping all over this opportunity." YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers April 3 But even the third parties don't know the details. Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate March 31 Machines and sometimes people will score content before putting it on a whitelist. As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars' Videos Lose Money March 30 New filters let brands block clips in categories like "sensational and shocking." Who Wins and Who Loses in YouTube's Falling Out With Brands March 28 Some in the ad industry who are likely a little gleeful about YouTube's mess. J&J and Verizon Join Major Marketers Suspending YouTube Advertising March 22 J&J "takes this matter very seriously." AT&T Halts YouTube Ad Buys Over Brand Safety Concerns March 22 "Our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate." ANA Calls for Audits at Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter and Pinterest March 17 The digital advertising platforms have yet to adopt independent audits of ad campaigns. Havas Freezes All Google and YouTube Ad Spend in the U.K. March 17 Scrunity grows. Can Big Digital Players Meet P&G's Measurement Deadline? March 13 It's no slam dunk. On Snapchat, Nudes Can Be Followed by a Word From Our Sponsor March 6 IHOP and "The Lego Batman Movie" pop up popped up among nude videos. YouTube Promises New Auditing Measures Will Prove Ad Quality Feb. 21 "Progress that will help move the industry forward," P&G's Pritchard says. Super Bowl Ads Show Up With YouTube Videos Promoting Terror Groups Feb. 12 Hyundai's salute to U.S. troops appears as pre-roll to a video supporting Hezbollah. P&G Tells Digital to Clean Up, Lays Down New Rules to Get Paid Jan. 30 "The days of giving digital a pass are over," Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard says. In this article: Ad Tech Digital Digital Video Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, Little Caesars, Smirnoff and More 3 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 4 hours ago Array 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 5 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat Moves to Create a Safer Environment for Brands By Garett Sloane - 5 hours ago Array 0 My Banned Words for 2017 By Shelly Palmer - 7 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 4 hours ago 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 5 hours ago 0 Brace Yourself for Dollar Shave Club's Cringeworthy Ads About Grooming 'Down There' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 days ago 0 Martin Freeman Plays a Crass Wedding Guest in Vodafone's First Work Through Ogilvy By Alexandra Jardine - 4 days ago 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 12 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff. Published on May 30, 2017. A Pepperidge Farm endcap display in a grocery store.  Credit: Rabbit57i_Flicker Most Popular Procter & Gamble lit a brushfire in digital advertising this year when it said it was done paying for ads it couldn't prove were served on-screen. "The days of giving digital a pass are over," P&G Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard said. But another medium with a huge share of marketers' money has a "viewability" problem of its own: Corrugated paper displays in stores. Promotional displays make it out of back rooms and onto display floors -- let's call it "in view" -- less than half the time that they're supposed to, recent studies have found. Unviewable ads IRL are a huge cost. P&G alone spends around $1 billion annually just on corrugated displays around the world, people familiar with the matter said. Last month P&G pegged potential savings from eliminating waste from promotional materials of all sorts, which includes these displays, $500 million annually within five years. That compares to $1 billion in planned savings from media buying and $500 million from agency and production fees. Quri, a retail intelligence company that pays 500,000 people to use their phones to take pictures of store displays, finds compliance rates around promotional plans average around 43%, said CEO David Gottlieb. Another study last year by Shelfbucks, which sensors in stores and RFID chips into cardboard displays to track how they're deployed, found displays were on the sales floor at the start of scheduled promotions only 46% of the time. The study involved 21 brands owned by major marketers including P&G, Unilever, Mondelez and Kraft Heinz. Better compliance with promotion plans could improve sales lift by 30% to 45% Shelfbucks estimated. But another firm that wasn't selling solutions, or expecting to find them a major factor, also found similar results. In a study for an undisclosed marketer in late 2015, Cadent Consulting found that its brands' shelf presence beyond their regular slots were visible 66% of the time, but the corrugated or other shopper-marketing materials intended to go with them were only present 43% of the time, said Managing Partner Don Stuart. "Compliance had a bigger impact on ROI than any other factor," Stuart said. Quri said it has national coverage now as well as a handful of clients, though it declined to name them. A former top P&G sales executive sits on the advisory board. Shelfbucks is in only 300 stores now but said it has signed a deal with a major national retailer that will add thousands more stores by year end, with plans to eventually cover 35,000 at the seven leading national retailers. Cadent's bi-annual survey earlier this year found manufacturer plans for shopper-marketing spending leveling off for the first time ever, and spending plans declining for a broader array of retailer promotions. Concern about whether retailers, brokers or other third parties are really following through on plans may be part of what's driving those intentions, he said. But he also doesn't expect marketers can follow through on their cutbacks. "It was a fairly dismal first quarter for most manufacturers and retailers," Stuart said. "As a result, I think there's going to be back-half catch-up. That means manufacturers are going to be spending aggressively, and retailers are going to be looking for that money." In this article: CMO Strategy Digital Research Retail Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
× Subscribe News Features Events CanPlastics TV Resin Prices Buyers Guide Plastiques et Moules Contacts Advertise Topics Automotive Canadian Plastics Construction Economy Environment Materials Moldmaking Packaging Plastics Processes Research & Development Suppliers/People Sustainability Digital Edition View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Subscribe News Procter & Gamble to shutter Brockville, Ont. plant Nearly 500 employees to be laid off as company moves production to West Virginia. Topics Canadian Plastics Companies Procter & Gamble More News Print this page Tweet May 30, 2017 by Canadian Plastics U.S.-based consumer goods maker and blow molder Procter & Gamble is closing its Brockville, Ont. plant. The Brockville plant – which employs 480 workers – will be permanently closed in late 2020 or early 2021. P&G has operated in Brockville for nearly 40 years. The plant will continue operating normally until early 2020 when P&G will finish shifting production to a new manufacturing plant currently under construction outside Martinsburg, W.V. The Brockville plant – which manufactures Swiffer dusters, fabric softeners and Tide-to-go detergent pens – is one of the company’s four locations in Ontario, including its Canadian head office in Toronto. It will continue operating its manufacturing plant in Belleville as well as its distribution centre in Brantford, Ont. “While this was a difficult decision for the company, the overall redesign efforts will help P&G transform the way it goes to market and revolutionize the way it sources, manufactures and produces across North America,” the company said in a statement. Print this page Tweet Related Procter & Gamble acquires Gillette A. Schulman to shutter Ohio concentrates and additives plant Spartech to shutter Cornwall, Ont., sheet plant ORBIS picks Toronto injection molding plant for annual award Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website Resin Prices Information courtesy www.theplasticsexchange.com. Prices are in US funds and are updated throughout the day. Shred-Tech opening new office in Raleigh, N.C. Services Buyers Guide Update Buyers’ Guide Listing Subscribe Contacts Advertise Magazines View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Trending IPL buys California-based molder Macro Plastics VECTOR INJECTION is worth the drive to Acton Plastics Related Training in Canada Borealis to build dedicated automotive compounding plant in North America ABB opening new Montreal headquarters Quebec molder Deflex setting up shop in New Hampshire Tekni-Plex acquires foam closure liner supplier BrunaSeals Manufacturing Network Sitemap Privacy Policy Copyright Notice © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Temas Viral Aeropuerto de Chinchero Atentado en Manchester Contraloría Copa Libertadores Ollanta Humala Odebrecht Alejandra Aramayo La Contra La Republica La Republica Más Noticias Política Economía Sociedad Mundo Cultural Educación Deportes Tecnología Salud Marketing Autos Empresa Turismo Ed. Impresa Destacados Buenazo Perú Sorprendente La Contra Carlincaturas Infografías Fotogalerías Gaceta Judicial Columnistas Investigación Reportero Ciudadano Video Ground Tendencias Espectáculos Tendencias Sexualidad Horóscopo Club Karaoke Fútbol peruano WWE y lucha libre Champions L. Dota 2 Ciudades Ancash Arequipa Cusco La Libertad Lambayeque Moquegua Piura Puno Tacna POLÍTICA ECONOMÍA SOCIEDAD MUNDO DEPORTES ESPECTÁCULOS Tendencias Ed. Impresa Investigación Áncash Arequipa Cusco La Libertad Lambayeque Moquegua Piura Puno Tacna MENU LAREPUBLICA.PE Compartir Twittear LAREPUBLICA.PE Marketing 30 de Mayo de 2017 | 17:34 h P&G y Yellow vienen trabajando una sólida relación desde hace 15 años Tweet Enviar a un amigo Compartir Twittéalo Foto: Yellow. Yellow y Procter inicial relación en el campo de BTL desde el 2002, con 15 años de trabajo ininterrumpido. La historia está llena de éxitos. En el 2009 Yellow lanzó junto a Procter, Downy libre enjuague de Ariel, por la cual lograron ganar el Gran Effie del 2009.  Otro trabajo resaltante que realizó la agencia fue la campaña “Pampers, sueños y juegos”, que también ganó el Effie de Oro en su categoría en el 2011.  “La relación entre Procter y Yellow durante estos años es muy profesional, siempre estamos en constante comunicación y retándonos con cada nueva iniciativa” comenta Enzo Montalbetti, CEO de Yellow One Step Ahead P&G trabbaja con varias redes transnacionales dependiendo de sus productos: Grey, Saatchu&Saatchi, BBDO, entre otros. Muchos de los comerciales de TV pauteados en Perú vienen también de las oficinas regionales de estas agencias. Para las iniciativas locales en Perú P&G trabaja con cuatro agencias, una de ellas es Yellow. Durante el 2015 y 2016,  Yellow desarrolló  “ACE Palabras”, siento esta una de las campañas que estuvo más tiempo al aire en la historia reciente de P&G. “En el caso de la campaña más reciente, ACE palabras, el proceso creativo se vivió desde nuestros propios hogares, al ver la frustración de nuestras parejas, cuando no cumplimos nuestras promesas”, menciona Montalbetti. Síguenos en Facebook Diario La República CUPONIDAD 81% dscto. Ricardo Gozzing: mechas balayage o iluminación + hidratación + cepillado y más Ricardo Gozzing Mejor precio: s/ 79.90 Antes s/.420.00 VER OFERTA 56% dscto. Cineplanet: Descuento en 2 entradas 2D + combo. Válido para Lima y Provincias Cineplanet Mejor precio: s/ 32.90 Antes s/.75.00 VER OFERTA 50% dscto. Precioso bonsai mamá e hijo en una maceta 3 modelos a elegir Boutique del Bonsai Mejor precio: s/ 26.00 Antes s/.50.00 VER OFERTA 52% dscto. Comixs en promoción: Plato de fondo a elección + bebida para uno, dos o cuatro personas Comixs Food & Drinks Mejor precio: s/ 24.99 Antes s/.52.00 VER OFERTA 65% dscto. Noche romántica en habitación suite con Jacuzzi, decoración y más. Crhistell Hotel Mejor precio: s/ 99.00 Antes s/.280.00 VER OFERTA 45% dscto. San Miguel: Mantenimiento para autos o camionetas + recojo del vehículo a domicilio SAM Taller Automotriz Mejor precio: s/ 156.00 Antes s/.280.00 VER OFERTA Los más vistos Mario Hart toma una drástica decisión tras la eliminación de Korina Rivadeneira de EEG [VIDEO] Esto es guerra: Krayg Peña eliminó a Korina Rivadeneira [VIDEO] En YouTube, reportero de Fox Sports fue sorprendido por joven en plena transmisión en vivo En Facebook, hombre publica video de encuentro íntimo con una mujer Mijael Garrido Lecca reformuló la pregunta a Verónika Mendoza que generó burlas Ofrecen 2500 euros mensuales a voluntarios que quieran viajar por el mundo Año 2017: el nombre por el Buen servicio al ciudadano MÁS NOTICIAS Todos los bebés de Finlandia duermen en cajas de cartón, y cuando sepas por qué ¡Comprarás una! [VIDEO] 30 de Mayo de 2017 Barcelona y su lista de jugadores que dejan el equipo tras la llegada de Ernesto Valverde 30 de Mayo de 2017 Puro Sentimiento: cantante abandona agrupación (FOTOS) 30 de Mayo de 2017 Dragon Ball: Quiso ser igual a Majin Buu solo usando maquillaje, el parecido es impresionante (FOTOS) 30 de Mayo de 2017 Marketing Chatbots vs. Apps ¿Quién sobrevive? 30 de Mayo de 2017 | 17:40 h Quiksilver es ahora Boardriders 30 de Mayo de 2017 | 12:26 h Sin Parar se viraliza #SinParar 30 de Mayo de 2017 | 12:20 h Grupo La República Todos los derechos reservados - 2015 Grupo La República Publicaciones Jr. Camaná 320 Cercado de Lima Teléfono: 711-6000   (Central Telefónica) Términos de uso Todos los derechos reservados - 2015 Tía María Gerald Oropeza Ollanta Humala DINI Congreso del Perú APRA Susana Villarán Alan García Champions League YouTube Facebook Instagram Ligas internacionales Fútbol inglés Espectáculos Esto es guerra Fútbol peruano Videojuegos Seguridad Ciudadana Liga BBVA Gerald Oropeza Rodolfo Orellana FC Barcelona Real Madrid Champions League Alianza Lima Universitario de Deportes AC Milán Alianza Atlético Buenazo Diarios del PAL: Clarín La Tercera El Universal Colombia El Universal Venezuela Vanguardia La Prensa El Salvador La Verdad Diario Libre El diario de hoy El Colombiano
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by mangesh kanase Expected Growth In Razor Blades Market from 2017-2022 to Guide : Trends, Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application The report Razor Bladees Market Research highlights key dynamics of Global Razor Bladees Industry sector. The potential of the Razor Bladees Market has been investigated along with the key challenges. The current Razor Bladees Market scenario and future prospects of the sector has also been studied. Razor Bladees Market Report provides additional information like Sales Channel, Distributors, Traders and Dealers, Sales Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Marketing Channel Future Trend, Distributors, Traders and Dealers Describe Razor Bladees Market sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, appendix and data source. Short Detail About Razor Bladees Market Report: A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Get Sample PDF of Razor Bladees Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10656852 Razor Bladees Market Top Manufacturers : Gillette(P&G), Edgewell Personal Care, BIC, Laser Razor Blades, Lord, DORCO, Supermax, Harry’s (Feintechnik) Razor Bladees Market Regional Analysis : North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Razor Bladees Market Segment by Type : Double Edge Razor Blades, Single Edge Razor Blades Razor Bladees Market Segment by Applications : Men’s razors, Women’s razor Scope of the Razor Bladees Market Report: This report focuses on the Razor Bladees in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Razor Bladees Market Research Report @  http://360marketupdates.com/10656852 Describe Razor Bladees Market Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force. Analyse the top manufacturers of Razor Bladees Industry, with sales, revenue, and price. Razor Bladees market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect four points Manufacturers, regional analysis, Type and Applications and the actual process of whole Razor Bladees market. To show the Razor Bladees market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application. Razor Bladees market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022. Display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share of Razor Bladees Market. To show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market Growth of Razor Bladees Industry, for each region. Razor Bladees Market Report provides additional information like Sales Channel, Distributors, Traders and Dealers, Sales Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Marketing Channel Future Trend, Distributors, Traders and Dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, Appendix, Methodology, Analyst Introduction, Data Source of Razor Bladees Market. Get Full access of Razor Bladees Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10656852 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Razor Bladees, Razor Bladees Market, Razor Bladees Market Analysis, Razor Bladees Market Forecast, Razor Bladees Market Growth, Razor Bladees Market Opportunities, Razor Bladees Market Research, Razor Bladees Market Share, Razor Bladees Market Trends, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Network Analyzer Market Outlook 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Next PostNext New Research Says Wearable Technology and IoT Ecosystems Market will Grow at healthy CAGR by 2022 Search Recent Posts Robert Lee Ahn Campaign Outlines Approach to Provocative North Korean Missile Tests Telfair Museums 2017 Juneteenth Lecture Explores Savannah’s Connection to the Caribbean EffettoVIOLA Transforms Tablets and Phones into Powerful Neurostimulators for Reducing Stress Mooncor Oil & Gas Corp. enters into a binding letter of intent TC PipeLines, LP to Attend 2017 MLPA Investor Conference Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Arun Patil Fatty Amine Sales Market Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Fatty Amine Sales Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Fatty Amine Sales Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Fatty Amine Sales Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Top key players of Fatty Amine Sales Market covered as: Akzo Nobel (NL), Kao Chem (JP), Global Amines (SG), P&G Chem (US), Lonza (CH), Solvay (BE), Evonik (DE), Akema (FR), Ecogreen Oleo (SG), Indo Amines (IN), NOF Corp (JP), Huntsman (US), Temixint (IT), Feixiang Chem (CN), Boxing Huarun (CN), LTH-Tianyu (CN), Tianzhi Fine Chem (CN), Fusite (CN) and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Fatty Amine Sales Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10429846 Next part of the Global Fatty Amine Sales Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Further in the report, Global Fatty Amine Sales Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Industry consumption for major regions is also given. Fatty Amine Sales Market split by Product Type: Primary Fatty Amine, Secondary Fatty Amine, Tertiary Fatty Amine and Market split by Applications: Water Treatment, Agro-chemicals, Oilfield Chemicals, Asphalt Additives, Anti-caking. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10429846 Fatty Amine Sales Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Fatty Amine Sales Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. For Any Query on Fatty Amine Sales market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10429846 Major Topics Covered in Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Research Report Are as Follows: Fatty Amine Sales Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List. Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Forecast 2017-2021: Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Fatty Amine Sales Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Fatty Amine Sales Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Fatty Amine Sales Market before evaluating its feasibility. Get More Market Research Related News, visit http://talkinvestor.com/         CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Fatty Amine Sales Market, Global 1 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Connected Car Ecosystem Technology Advances Growing Proliferation of Embedded in-vehicle Connectivity and Smartphone Integration 2016 – 2030 – Opportunities, Challenges, Strategies & Forecasts Next PostNext Vacuum Insulation Products Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2022 Search Recent Posts Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Do not stand silent while Syrian parties use starvation, fear as ‘methods of war,’ urges UN aid chief PODS Shares How Company Continues to Reimagine the Moving and Storage Industry at Gartner EA & TI Summit M2M Connected Healthcare Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2020 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Investing Trading Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Why Stocks Can't Go Down D.R. Barton, Jr. and I were having yet another of our long strategy chats last week when The 10-Minute Millionaire editor made a statement that pretty much stopped me in my tracks. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades D.R. Barton's10-Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Best Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Bitcoin News Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: 4 Dividend Aristocrats Warren Buffett Owns Message: URL: https://mney.co/2qxB2Kh three  +  8  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: 4 Dividend Aristocrats Warren Buffett Owns Message: URL: https://mney.co/2qxB2Kh  +  6  =  12 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Access Your Profit Alerts Twitter no responses Stocks 4 Dividend Aristocrats Warren Buffett Owns By Jack Delaney, Associate Editor, Money Morning • May 30, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website nine  −   =  two Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK.A) doesn't pay a dividend, but the company and the stock both benefit greatly from owning shares of some of the best dividend aristocrats on the market. CEO Warren Buffett has told investors about the power of compounding interest for decades and referenced it in a 1964 letter to his partners. At the time, he said an investment may start off paying just a few percentage points. For example, PepsiCo Inc. (NYSE: PEP) pays a dividend of $0.81 per share, which is a yield of 2.81%. If you bought $10,000 shares of PEP on May 1, 2016, and reinvested the dividends through a dividend reinvestment program (DRIP), your shares would have been worth $11,172 on May 1, 2017. What Is a Dividend Aristocrat? Dividend aristocrats are companies that have increased their dividend payments for 25 consecutive years. Some of the most well-known dividend aristocrats include: Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) pays a dividend of $0.77, which is a yield of 3.75%. Aflac Inc. (NYSE: AFL) pays a dividend of $0.43, which is a yield of 2.32%. AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) pays a dividend of $0.49, which is a yield of 5.12%. T-Rowe Price Group Inc. (Nasdaq: TROW) pays a dividend of $0.57, which is a yield of 3.27%. Clorox Co. (NYSE: CLX) pays a dividend of $0.84, which is a yield of 2.50%. If you just kept the dividends, your investment would be worth $11,147. That's a difference of only $25. So it may not seem like a big deal at first glance. However, Buffett said in that 1964 letter that the power of compounding interest "mushrooms" over time. According to its website, Pepsi first paid a dividend on Feb. 1, 2001. If you invested $10,000 and reinvested the dividends since then, your shares would have been worth $34,390 on Feb. 1, 2017, according to DividendChannel.com. That's an annual average return of 8.02%. In comparison, an index fund that tracked the S&P 500 would have made just $22,007, for an average annual return of just 5.05%. So you'd have an extra $12,383 in your pocket just from sitting by and having your dividends automatically reinvested for you. Trending Story: The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy in 2017 Best of all, this is a passive investment strategy that doesn't involve timing the market or making risky decisions. And because compounding interest is so powerful, I wanted to dig through Buffett's portfolio of dividend stocks, especially the dividend aristocrats. I wanted Money Morning readers to know exactly what's in Buffett's portfolio. Buffett currently has four dividend aristocrats in his portfolio, and one stands out above the rest. Here are the four dividend aristocrats in Buffet's portfolio, including the best of the bunch… Dividend Aristocrat No. 4: The Coca-Cola Co. According to Fortune, Buffett drinks five 12-ounce cans of Coke a day. He likes the company so much that The Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) is Berkshire's 12th-largest holding. According to its website, Coke has paid a quarterly dividend since 1920 and has increased dividend payments in each of the last 55 years. Today, KO pays shareholders a dividend of $0.37, for a yield of 3.29%. The billionaire zeroed in on KO stock because of its strong business and because of the 1987 stock market crash. Coca-Cola is and was the most well-known soda maker, and Buffett believed the stock was being undervalued at the time. According to Investopedia.com, Buffett purchased more than $1 billion of Coca-Cola stock in 1988, which made him a 6.2% owner of the company. In the beginning of that year, KO shares opened at $2.39 on Jan. 4, 1998. Video U.S. Becoming Warren Buffett On May 24, 2017, shares of KO opened at $44.51. That's an increase of 1,762% in 29 years. Now, Buffett has a 9.32% stake in the company, and his shares of KO are worth $2.2 billion. Dividend Aristocrat No. 3: Procter & Gamble Co. Buffett owned roughly $4 billion in Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) in May 2016, although his stake in the company was not through direct stock purchases. In 1989, Buffett invested $600 million in razor-blade giant Gillette, which gave Berkshire an 11% stake in the company. Like Coca-Cola, razor blades are a product consumers buy no matter what is happening with the company or the market. Sales will always be steady, and this fits Buffett's strategy of investing in what he understands. However, this was an even more profitable investment than Buffett could have originally imagined. Procter & Gamble announced in January 2005 that it would acquire Gillette, which valued Buffett's shares at roughly $5 billion. At the time, the PG stock price was trading at $54.50 per share. On May 24, 2017, the PG stock price opened at $86.45. In 12 years, that's a small increase of 58.62%. However, the dividend has drastically increased since Procter first paid shareholders $0.05 per share in 1990. Today, PG pays a dividend of $0.69, which is a yield of 3.19%. That's an increase of 1,280% over 27 years. He then exchanged most of his PG shares in 2014 when it was trading for roughly $90 per share for ownership of Procter's Duracell battery division. As of Q1 2017, Berkshire has $27.1 million worth of PG stock in its portfolio. Dividend Aristocrat No. 2: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Buffett first bought shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) in 2005. WMT shares traded at roughly $50 per share at the time. Today, Wal-Mart stock trades for $78.56 per share, which is a small increase of 57.12%. But the real wealth builder from WMT stock has been the annual increase in its dividend payout. If you purchased $10,000 worth of WMT stock in 1995, reinvested the dividend, and sold it 20 years later, your WMT shares would be worth $86,437. In comparison, an investment in a fund that tracks the S&P 500 would be worth $50,395, according to DividendChannel.com. Again, that's an extra $36,042 in your pocket with almost no upfront work at all. The WMT dividend payout has increased annually every year since it first paid $0.05 per share in March 1974. Today, the retailer pays $0.51 per share, which is a yield of 2.61%. That's a 920% increase over 43 years. But the dividend payout wasn't good enough to keep Buffett around… According to Fortune, Buffett's shares of WMT were worth $3 billion in the summer of 2016, and Berkshire sold most of its shares in Q4 2016. The company unloaded almost $900 million worth of WMT and now holds just $109.5 million. The reason? Buffett saw the shift in how consumers buy products, using online platforms instead of shopping in stores. At Berkshire's annual meeting in 2016, he reportedly said Amazon.com Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN) is a "big force" and that other companies have not figured out how to counter or effectively participate in online selling. Buffett's sell-off of WMT shows even if a company pays a dividend, the stock isn't always worth owning. However, we do have a new profit opportunity from one dividend aristocrat in Buffett's portfolio. And according Money Morning Director of Tech & Venture Capital Research Michael A. Robinson, this dividend-paying stock should be a foundational holding for our readers… Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Dividends Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website eight  −   =  two Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Why Stocks Can't Go Down Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News May 30, 2017 • By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment THAAD Can't Protect American and South Korean Lives May 30, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Stocks Down as President Trump Feuds with Chancellor Angela Merkel May 30, 2017 • By Dustin Parrett Leave a Comment What Is the Master Settlement Agreement? Trending Posts 4174 Reads 27 Likes Why Stocks Are Climbing in the Middle of Uncertainty News headlines like the ones we've seen lately do not usually lead to smooth sailing in the markets. So everyone's wondering how stocks are going up. Keith Fitz-Gerald appeared on "Varney & Co." to answer that question... 2608 Reads 9 Likes Our "War on Pain" Biotech Put You Up by Double Digits in Just Two Weeks Bill previously recommended this biotech and it brought in profits of more than 10.7% in less than two weeks. But that's just for starters. The biotech just received some great FDA news... Featured Report Here Are the Easy First Steps to Get Started Investing The single worst financial decision you can make is to stay out of the markets altogether, and taking that first step to get invested can have a phenomenal impact on your life. This resource has everything you need to get started. Learn how to open a brokerage account, place buy and sell orders, get the price you want for a stock, and more… Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA -50.81 (0.24%) 21,029.47 NASDAQ -7.00 (0.11%) 6,203.19 S&P -2.91 (0.12%) 2,412.91 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Small-Cap Rocket Alert Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
× Limited offer | FREE How Long is Now? book when you SUBSCRIBE HERE today! × New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password Connect with: Facebook Google Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Home The secret science in your home The secret science in your home 24 May 2017 Sponsored by Skin care gets smart with AI Choosing the cream that best matches your skin is a tricky business. Now Olay has trained a deep learning algorithm to study your face and help you make the best decision Get smart with your skin care When it comes to choice, more is not always better. The all too familiar conundrum of choosing between dozens of chocolate biscuits or hundreds of toothpastes can sometimes induce a kind of decision paralysis, a phenomenon that psychologists call the paradox of choice. Skin care conundrum It’s a problem often seen in the confused faces of customers surrounded by hundreds of products in the skin care section of department stores. A 2013 survey by consumer product giant Procter & Gamble found one third of women were unable to find what they were looking for in facial skin care aisles. Almost two-thirds say they have unused facial products at home. “There’s been an explosion of skin care brands and products in the past 10 years or so,” says Dr Frauke Neuser, principal scientist for P&G brand Olay. “One result is that women are shopping in places where they can get advice. However, that can be intimidating for those who might not want to buy a £150 skin cream recommended for them.” Advertisement P&G says it has the solution. Its web-based Olay Skin Advisor analyses make-up-free selfies uploaded by users to estimate skin age and make personalised product suggestions. It is believed to be the first artificial intelligence-based skin care advice tool. It’s the result of decades of endeavour. P&G scientists have been studying skin for over 60 years and developing improved image capture and analysis technology for almost three decades (see “A history in imaging“). That includes a 2015 clinical study comparing the facial skin of 330 women of different ethnicities. These included a subset judged to look at least 10 years younger than they actually are and who proved to have a common pattern of gene expression. Inspired by this study, P&G scientists wondered whether artificial intelligence could replace the subjective human judgements of age with something more objective. The idea of machines that can perceive the world, learn from examples and understand humans has been around since the 1950s. It is however only in recent years that major strides in building such machines have been made thanks to key advances. These include the rapid growth in large datasets that include images and the ability to store such vast amounts of data. Also important has been a shift to using computer chips known as graphics processing units (GPUs) originally developed for video gaming. These offer enhanced power over normal chips for certain tasks. “There’s a natural fit between the workloads of deep learning models and gaming. Both involve doing very large batches of computations, and doing so in parallel,” says Thomas Bradley, Director of Developer Technology at NVIDIA, which created the GPUs used to train and run the Olay Skin Advisor deep learning algorithm. That algorithm, the result of experimenting with image recognition software, is the outcome. It was developed by the P&G bioinformatics group with artificial neural networks, computer simulations inspired by the way human brains process information. They allow so-called deep learning by a machine. Deep learning models “Human brains learn to estimate people’s ages by building a model that associates features we see in faces with the ages we know those people are,” says Dr Jun Xu, a P&G computational biologist and lead developer of the Olay Skin Advisor’s VizID™ algorithm. “Deep learning mimics this process.” Deep learning models are made up of hierarchies of filters called “layers” designed to detect the presence or absence of features. Each pixel in an image has red, green and blue colour values. By analysing these, a layer can, for example, look for the edge of a feature or the edge of a colour patch. It then passes its finding on to the next layer, which might look at what shapes are formed by those edges. Early layers look at smaller areas and later ones assess larger ones. By going through 20 such layers, VizID™ builds skin age predictions. By comparing these repeatedly with known real ages, it can tweak the weightings it gives to different elements to improve its accuracy. Olay researchers used 50,000 selfies of women of different ages and ethnicities to “train” their model. This included feeding these images back through the algorithm 250 more times, each time with a slight change to lighting, resolution or positioning, for example. This ensures the model learns to predict the right age despite these image variations (a technique called data augmentation). “Deep learning mimics the way the human brain learns to estimate people’s ages” Once trained, the model was tested with a new set of 630 selfies of women aged 18-65. The Olay Skin Advisor’s average age difference was 3.8 years. This compared to an average of 7.3 years for a group of dermatologists. By retracing the model’s calculations, the Olay team found it assigned most weight to eye wrinkles, pigmented age spots and “laughter lines” running between the corners of the mouth and the edge of the nose. These are among key features that humans also use to estimate age. Launched last year, Olay Skin Advisor gives users an estimate of their skin age and tells them which of their forehead, cheeks, mouth, and eye areas are in best shape, as well as which could benefit most from improvement. Based on this and questionnaire answers, it gives personalised product recommendations. More than 1 million women have already used the web-based tool. The images they uploaded are helping further improve its accuracy. A survey of users carried out by P&G found 94 per cent agreed that the products recommended by the algorithm were right for them and 88 per cent were still using the same products four weeks later. “We’re not doing this because deep learning is cool,” says Neuser. “Ultimately the proof is in the pudding. If women buy the recommended products, see results, and keep using those products, then we can say that Olay Skin Advisor is a success.” A history in imaging THE use of deep learning in the Olay Skin Advisor may seem bold, but it is no leap in the dark. In fact P&G has been breaking new ground in skin imaging and analysis for 30 years. These advances were initially designed to assist product development, before later being used in devices that assess skin age by analysing features such as texture, tone and radiance in images. During the 1990s, for example, it developed software to correct colour variations caused by changes in lighting and camera response by comparing them with reference colours incorporated into images. It also standardised facial positioning using “ghost images” from earlier capture sessions to precisely line subjects up in later ones. In 2001, P&G licensed its imaging know how to Canfield Scientific as the basis for its in-store, feature-based skin analysis devices, and later to create VISIA, a similar system for medical professionals. In 2006, P&G automated the assessment of the molecular basis of skin colour using digital cameras and custom software to create maps of melanin and haemoglobin. “Adopting deep learning algorithms hasn’t been as difficult as it might have been, thanks to Olay’s rich heritage in image acquisition and analysis,” says Dr Paul Matts, Olay Research Fellow. Try the Olay Skin Advisor at: skinadvisor.olay.co.uk More at: www.pg.co.uk This article appeared in print under the headline “Skin care gets smart with AI” Advertisement Magazine issue 3127, published 27 May 2017 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Beaver dams keep streams cool and protect sensitive fish Next article Skin care gets smart with AI Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright New Scientist Ltd. Back to top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Washing Powder Market Share, Size, Growth Opportunities, Key Driven Factors, Market Scenario Forecast to 2022 This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies PUNE, INDIA, May 30, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The Global Washing Powder market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Washing Powder in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Washing Powder Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1320392-2017-top-5-washing-powder-manufacturers-in-north-america-europe-asia P&G Unilever Henkel Liby Kao Church & Dwight Lion Clorox NaFine Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into type 1 type 2 type 3 Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Washing Powder in each application, can be divided into Commercial Use Home Use Make an enquiry of this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1320392-2017-top-5-washing-powder-manufacturers-in-north-america-europe-asia Table of Contents 2017 Top 5 Washing Powder Manufacturers/Players in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa 1 Washing Powder Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Washing Powder 1.2 Washing Powder Segment by Types 1.2.1 Global Sales Market Share of Washing Powder by Types in 2016 1.2.2 type 1 1.2.3 type 2 1.2.4 type 3 1.3 Washing Powder Segment by Applications 1.3.1 Washing Powder Consumption Market Share by Applications in 2016 1.3.2 Commercial Use 1.3.3 Home Use 1.4 Washing Powder Market by Regions 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.1.1 North America Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Asia-Pacific Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2.1 Asia-Pacific Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3.1 Europe Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.4 South America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4.1 South America Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Middle East and Africa Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5.1 Middle East and Africa Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Washing Powder (2012-2022) 2 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Players 2.1 Global Washing Powder Sales and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 by Players 2.1.1 Global Washing Powder Sales by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.1.2 Global Washing Powder Sales Market Share (%) by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.2 Global Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.2.1 Global Washing Powder Revenue by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.2.2 Global Washing Powder Revenue Market Share (%) by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.3 Global Washing Powder Average Price by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.4 Global Washing Powder Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types by Players 2.4.1 Global Washing Powder Manufacturing Base Distribution and Sales Area by Players 2.4.2 Players Washing Powder Product Types 2.5 Washing Powder Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Washing Powder Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Washing Powder Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Players 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue (Value) by Regions, Type and Application (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 3.1.1 Global Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 3.1.2 Global Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue, Market Share and Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.2.1 Global Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.2.2 Global Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.2.3 Global Washing Powder Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 3.3.1 Global Washing Powder Sales by Application (2012-2017) 3.3.2 Global Washing Powder Sales Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 North America Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Price 4.1 North America Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 4.1.1 North America Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 4.1.2 North America Top 5 Players Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 4.2 North America Washing Powder Sales, Revenue, Market Share and Price by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.1 North America Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.1.1 North America Washing Powder Sales by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.1.2 North America Washing Powder Sales Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.2 North America Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.2.1 North America Washing Powder Revenue by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.2.2 North America Washing Powder Revenue Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.3 North America Washing Powder Price by Type (2012-2017) 4.3 North America Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 4.3.1 North America Washing Powder Sales by Application (2012-2017) 4.3.2 North America Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 4.4 North America Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Country (US, Canada and Mexico) (2012-2017) 4.4.1 North America Washing Powder Sales by Country (2012-2017) 4.4.2 North America Washing Powder Sales Market Share by Country (2012-2017) 4.5 North America Washing Powder Import & Export (2012-2017) 5 Europe Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Price 5.1 Europe Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1320392 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe’s Cryochambers Market Expected to Account for US$ 65.4 Mn by 2026-end Next PostNext Bio Polymers Market is Expected to Grow at USD 6.37 Billion by 2023 Search Recent Posts Capital Finance International Announces Inseego’s Ctrack as Most Innovative Fleet Management Solutions Specialist in Africa Greenberg Traurig’s Restructuring & Bankruptcy Practice Recognized Nationwide in 2017 Chambers USA Guide Global Assembly Automation Market 2017 – FANUC, ABB, Yaskawa, Kuka, Hanwha, Hirata New Organic Cradle Cap Oil for Babies from Grahams Natural Alternatives Global Greeting Cards Market 2017 – William Arthur, Visant Holding Corporation Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi The Pi Group Appoints International Marketing Executive Peter McDonough to Board of Directors News provided by The Pi Group 30 May, 2017, 08:07 ET Share this article DARIEN, Conn., May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Pi Group, a fast-growing consumer goods talent advisory group , announced that Peter McDonough will join its board of directors. McDonough brings The Pi Group, located in both Darien, CT and New York, NY, fresh insights in transforming business performance from prior executive roles leading the marketing organizations at Diageo, Procter & Gamble, Gillette, and Black & Decker. McDonough most recently was president, chief marketing and innovation officer for Diageo, where he was tasked with overseeing the North America spirits industry's largest portfolio of top selling brands. In this role, Peter transformed and built the marketing and product development organizations with new capabilities, a more focused strategic outlook, and a business plan that delivered accelerated growth and positioned Diageo as the industry leader in product innovation.  As a member of the North America Executive Team, he played a key role in developing organizational strategy and growth targets for Diageo's most important global region.  Peter McDonough formerly of Diageo, joins Board of Directors at The Pi Group. "Peter is a highly accomplished, dynamic leader," says Steve Morrissey, managing partner, The Pi Group. "His proven track record with the C-suite and deep experience in marketing, service proposition direction, customer service, and contact network expansion will be an asset." "I applaud Steve's visionary mindset and the Pi Group's work to transform the recruiting model," says Peter McDonough. Steve and his team are focused on creating a suite of services that enable the Pi Group to serve as a more strategic, long-term partner to clients. It's an incredibly powerful business proposition and I'm excited to help them take the company to the next level." Prior to joining Diageo, McDonough served in a variety of leadership roles within the consumer goods industry in North America and Europe, including vice president of North American marketing for Gillette, vice president of European marketing for Duracell and Braun, and director of North American marketing at Black & Decker Power Tools. The Pi Group is made up of three practices: Perpetual Insights, Pi Executive, and Perpetual Ambition, and focuses exclusively on the consumer goods industry. With a dedication to delivering professional level search and consulting services, tailored to meet clients' needs, The Pi Group is redefining the search industry through innovation and the provision of a full talent lifecycle service. For more information, please visit the website. Contact: Kristin Johnson kristinsjohn@gmail.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-pi-group-appoints-international-marketing-executive-peter-mcdonough-to-board-of-directors-300464801.html SOURCE The Pi Group Related Links http://www.thepi-group.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: The Pi Group Appoints International Marketing Executive Peter McDonough to Board of Directors News provided by The Pi Group 30 May, 2017, 08:07 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Pi Group Appoints International Marketing Executive Peter McDonough to Board of Directors DARIEN, Conn., May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Pi Group, a fast-growing consumer goods talent advisory group , announced that Peter McDonough will join its board of directors. McDonough brings The Pi Group, located in both Darien, CT and New York, NY, fresh insights in transforming business performance from prior executive roles leading the marketing organizations at Diageo, Procter & Gamble, Gillette, and Black & Decker. McDonough most recently was president, chief marketing and innovation officer for Diageo, where he was tasked with overseeing the North America spirits industry’s largest portfolio of top selling brands. In this role, Peter transformed and built the marketing and product development organizations with new capabilities, a more focused strategic outlook, and a business plan that delivered accelerated growth and positioned Diageo as the industry leader in product innovation.  As a member of the North America Executive Team, he played a key role in developing organizational strategy and growth targets for Diageo’s most important global region.  Peter McDonough formerly of Diageo, joins Board of Directors at The Pi Group. „Peter is a highly accomplished, dynamic leader,” says Steve Morrissey, managing partner, The Pi Group. „His proven track record with the C-suite and deep experience in marketing, service proposition direction, customer service, and contact network expansion will be an asset.” „I applaud Steve’s visionary mindset and the Pi Group’s work to transform the recruiting model,” says Peter McDonough. Steve and his team are focused on creating a suite of services that enable the Pi Group to serve as a more strategic, long-term partner to clients. It’s an incredibly powerful business proposition and I’m excited to help them take the company to the next level.” Prior to joining Diageo, McDonough served in a variety of leadership roles within the consumer goods industry in North America and Europe, including vice president of North American marketing for Gillette, vice president of European marketing for Duracell and Braun, and director of North American marketing at Black & Decker Power Tools. The Pi Group is made up of three practices: Perpetual Insights, Pi Executive, and Perpetual Ambition, and focuses exclusively on the consumer goods industry. With a dedication to delivering professional level search and consulting services, tailored to meet clients’ needs, The Pi Group is redefining the search industry through innovation and the provision of a full talent lifecycle service. For more information, please visit the website. Contact: Kristin Johnson kristinsjohn@gmail.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-pi-group-appoints-international-marketing-executive-peter-mcdonough-to-board-of-directors-300464801.html SOURCE The Pi Group Related Links http://www.thepi-group.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Green Energy Enterprises Retires First 150 Million Outstanding Shares of Planned 500 Million Share Reduction Next PostNext Respiratory Disposable Devices Market: Global Industry Size, Share, Analysis, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Squatty Potty CEO Bobby Edwards Issues Statement on Kathy Griffin Managed Security Service Market Estimated to grow at a Healthy CAGR by 2022 Photo Kiosk Market Analysis- Application, Type, Voltage, End-User, Category, Global Trends and Forecast To 2022 Managed File Transfer Software Market to Witness a Pronounce Growth During 2020 : Report Bazzar Energy Department to Fund 19 Indian Tribes to Take the First Steps Toward Developing Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency on Tribal Lands Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
KTN News KTN Home Radio Maisha SDE Evewoman The Nairobian uReport EPaper Corporate HOME KENYA WORLD BUSINESS OPINION SCI & TECH HEALTH Education SPORTS MAGAZINE ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyle Home Kenya Kenya Elections Politics Central Coast Eastern Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western World Africa Asia America Europe Business Business News Financial Standard Stocks Money & Careers Home & Away Smart Harvest Sci & Tech Opinion Opinion Editorial Column Letters Commentary Health Sports Entertainment Education Lifestyle Crazy World Wednesday Life Home & Away Smart Harvest Sunday Magazine Environment Generation Next Environment Kenya Elections Your are here  » Home   » Financial Standard Kenyan retailers fight for middle and low-end shoppers amid growing competition By Gloria Lihavi Aradi | Updated Tue, May 30th 2017 at 13:30 GMT +3 SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Two Rivers Mall, one of the largest retail entertainment and lifestyle centres.  Brian Tirok, 23, a resident of Ruaka town, does most of his shopping at the local mini-supermarket just outside his home. He cites convenience as the main reason behind his shopping habits. At his local supermarket, he can shop when he needs to and get back home easily. “I don’t see the need to go far to shop when I can get the same goods here,” he comments, observing that shopping at his local supermarket saves him time.  “When I want things like electronics, I just buy online,” he further states. Tirok’s shopping habits mirror those of many other Kenyans. It is these habits, influenced by affordability and convenience, which are reshaping the dynamics of the Kenyan retail market and spelling doom for top-tier retailers. Nakumatt, Kenya’s biggest industry player, continues to endure worrisome financial woes while Uchumi, which was once at the helm of the industry, is yet to make a full comeback. As these retailers suffer, the retail spending of Kenyans reached Sh1.8 trillion in 2016, an increase of 13 per cent, according to a study by Procter & Gamble. While one would expect Nakumatt to swim in increased profits as a consequence, its debt has in fact risen from Sh4.7 billion in 2012, to around Sh18 billion at the start of 2017. ALSO READ: Want to supply mbogas to the supermarkets? Prepare to impress Clearly, there exists a sharp disconnect between the industry’s performance and that of its largest player. This could only mean that small and medium-sized retailers are the ones raking in most on the country’s increased retail spending, in the midst of a fast-growing and increasingly competitive retail space. Nakumatt’s recent history has been characterised by empty shelves, closure of branches both locally and regionally and complaints by unpaid suppliers. Uchumi, the once dominant firm in Kenya’s retail sector, underwent an eerily similar fall from grace, clogged by issues identical to those of Nakumatt. The stalled performance of both outlets has been blamed on managerial miscalculations that have meant consequential financial implications. While internal shortcomings are the biggest factor leading to the blow-ups in both cases, Nakumatt and Uchumi have also traditionally appealed to the moneyed middle class. As part of this appeal, Nakumatt has acquired a reputation of offering unique products and pleasant shopping experiences, factors that have helped the retailer distinguish its brand name. The result has been a widespread connotation within the public, associating the outlet with class and costliness. Naturally, low income earners have shied away, preferring to shop from commonplace outlets which they perceive to be cheaper since they offer simpler shopping experiences. According to Nakumatt spokesperson Alfred Ng’ang’a, the widely-held perception by the public that the retail chain sells more expensive goods is a misconception they counteract. “All our prices are benchmarked against the recommended retail prices from various suppliers. At all times we strive to provide value to our loyal customers by meeting their needs cost effectively,” clarifies Ng’ang’a. Mr Ng’ang’a notes that even if pricing by retailers was unregulated, retailers simply do not have the luxury to set prices as they wish. “You have to understand that even middle class consumers are conscious,’’ Mr Ng’ang’a notes, indicating there is no way the middle class will be willing to pay exorbitant prices for the promise of class and elegance. With the recent surge in the number of lavish malls, most of which are strategically positioned in suburbs, high-end retailers such as Nakumatt, Game and French retailer Carrefour have been in a rush to open outlets at these malls, hoping to profit off a dismal and volatile middle class. According to Dr X.N. Iraki, an economic expert and lecturer at the University of Nairobi, this retail business model of exclusively targeting the middle class is doomed to fail. “The big malls and supermarkets are targeting the small group of middle class which is “floating”, they will go for the newest mall, supermarket, then go back to where they normally shop,” says Dr Iraki. “After all, sugar is sugar, it does not matter where you buy it. The small outlets have dedicated shoppers who live in the neighbourhood.” Although there are varying quantification and definitions of the Kenyan middle class, it is agreed that the middle class comprises households that spend at least half their income on goods and services that are not basic necessities. The “floating” middle class, which Dr Iraki mentions, refers to the group of the middle class that can easily recede into the lower class. Inclusive of the floating middle class, the African Development Bank (AfDB) places the Kenyan middle class at 44.9 per cent and excluding them, the real middle class stands at a low of 16.8 per cent. When you walk into upmarket malls such as Garden City and Two Rivers Mall, which house these high-end retail stores, it is critically obvious that many of the so-called ‘shoppers’ are not really shoppers but more of tourists, strolling around casually and taking pictures (selfies), without really buying anything. Success of banks Simply put, appealing to just the moneyed in an increasingly competitive market, where the vast majority of the population falls within the lower class is a tactical mistake. Small and medium-sized retailers such as Tuskys and Naivas have recorded success for focusing their marketing strategies on the large lower class, a strategy that was more famously initiated by Equity Bank and emulated by other banks. “Maybe big malls and supermarkets need to learn from Equity Bank...which saw money in poverty, targeting the lower end as other banks were left fighting for the small high end customers,” notes Dr Iraki. However, just as Equity Bank realised it is more profitable to cater for a wider market segment through creation of a corporate department, so have these retailers. Many of these small and medium retailers have packaged themselves to attract the middle class, mainly by setting up stores in locations convenient to high-end market, as well as offering better shopping experiences meant to attract this market segment. Mr Ng’ang’a says Nakumatt’s scope of diversity on the market sometimes goes unnoticed. “Nakumatt’s target market covers a wide and general scope. It is neither middle nor lower class. This is well illustrated on our branch footprint and also the wide variety of stocks sold at our stores,” stresses Ng’ang’a. “In Kenya, we have branches in 17 counties from Westlands to Kayole, Nanyuki to Diani all stocked with a wide variety of retail products and services that appeal to a broad spectrum of customers.” It is for this reason that upmarket retailers are starting to venture out into the lower class niche and small and medium-sized retailers as they seek to attract the middle class as well. High-end retailers now have separate tills for customers purchasing small amounts of goods. This provides convenience for all types of customers. Large, medium and small retailers are realising they can no longer afford to appeal to just specific segments of the market. With increased competition, retailers are increasingly focusing on both the lower and middle classes. With new dynamics like increased online shopping, especially among the Millennials, retailers are trying to be innovative. Online retailers, notably Jumia, Kilimall and OLX are mounting pressure on the traditional retailers with physical outlets. A December 2016 report by Euromonitor International pointed out that the sales for non-store retailers reached Sh9.6 billion in 2016, signaling a nine per cent rise. Online retailers accounted for 75 per cent of these sales, recording an 11 per cent growth on their own. According to the World Bank report, achieving middle income status by 2030 are implausible and unrealistic as up to 80 per cent of the jobs are in the informal sector. [email protected] RELATED TOPICS: retailers supermarkets shopping malls WATCH THIS Uchumi supamarkets turnaround strategy pays off by 33% SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Do you have something to add to this story? Comment here. ADVERTISEMENT latest News Values of effective parenting. Making a killing: Cold season turns warm with good cash for sex workers Going gets 'huge' for Kisumu sex worker Joho blocked from attending SGR train flag off Comedian apologizes for a photo-shoot that appeared anti-president Court tells teachers to meet employer President mocked and criticised over midnight nonsensical tweet Groundnuts and male potency- 10 myths Nairobians peddle around 60-year-old primary school teacher bags Sh37 million Sportpesa jackpot Of deadbeat mothers-Women with no motherly instincts VIEW ALL Trending Now Meet the glamourous stewards of the new SGR trains Uhuru renews attack on Joho ahead of SGR launch Jesus and Mary 'appear' on rock in Kisumu Court tells teachers to meet employer SGR passengers to pay Sh900 on Nairobi - Mombasa route This is what Sh327 billion SGR means to Kenyans Sh3b goes missing at Interior ministry ADVERTISEMENT KTN News Live Stream Financial Standard Sending home workers fails to fix banks’ rising wage bill costs Meet self-made investor with shares in over 60 listed firms Kenyans once shunned stock market over perception of ‘capitalist, gambling’ From designer clothes to breakfast cereals, Kenyans are surrounded by counterfeits Kenyan retailers fight for middle and low-end shoppers amid growing competition Travelers turn to smartphone for trip planning Boda bodas: Greatest threat to pedestrians Kenya's current account deficit widens to 5.8 pct in February VIEW ALL Comment Policy Entertainment News Kisumu villagers claim to see images of Mary and Jesus on rock Money, champagne poured into grave as Ivan Ssemwanga is laid to rest The sky's the limit! Rolls Royce build Sh1.3 billion car with a glass roof Making a killing: Cold season turns warm with good cash for sex workers Ipsos survey: Uhuru,Raila neck to neck in State House race VIEW ALL Latest videos KTN NEWS / 10 hours ago Meet The President with Dr Ekuru Aukot part 2 KTN NEWS / 10 hours ago Meet The President with Dr Ekuru Aukot KTN NEWS / 10 hours ago Adan Mohammed explains the benefits of the Standard Gauge Railway KTN NEWS / 10 hours ago The RoundTable: Gender equity in parliament News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Lifestyle Special Reports The Nairobian Entertainment Gossip Pulse The Nairobian Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery Crazy Monday More Sites Mobile Standard Digital Music PDS Classifieds RSS Standard e-paper Jobs Games Corporate Other Links Tenders at Standard Group Contact Us Rate Card Vacancies at Standard Group Terms of Service Campus Vibe uReport DCX O.M. Portal RMS Corporate Email © Copyright 2017 - Standard Group Limited
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > American Forest Foundation, International Paper, Procter & Gamble and 3M Announce Carolinas Working Forest Conservation Collaborative American Forest Foundation, International Paper, Procter & Gamble and 3M Announce Carolinas Working Forest Conservation Collaborative Tuesday, 23 May 2017 (1 week ago) DETROIT--(BUSINESS WIRE)--American Forest Foundation (AFF), International Paper, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) and 3M Company announced today the formation of the Carolinas Working Forest Conservation Collaborative a joint initiative in the Coastal Carolinas Plain to educate and engage family woodland owners in sustainable forestry, forest certification, the enhancement of habitat for at-risk species, and the conservation of bottomland hardwood forests. “There is a misconception th » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Procter & Gamble works to make paper supply more sustainableProcter & Gamble has set a goal of obtaining environmental certification from the Forest Stewardship Council for all of its p -More-  SmartBrief 1 week ago - Business Nottingham Forest fans want Hildeberto Pereira back at the RedsNottingham Forest fans would love to see Benfica ace Hildeberto Pereira back at the City Ground. A poll carried out by the Post asked fans whether they would... Nottingham Post 2 days ago - Sports You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases APC INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Notifies Investors of a Class Action Involving Anadarko PETROLEUM Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of July 3, 2017 COMPUTEX 2017 Holds Opening Ceremony Today EUROPE Market Report for Intraoral X-Ray Systems 2017 - Research and Markets SpaceX Confirms Falcon 9 First-Stage Landing Attempt on Land during Upcoming CRS-11 Mission; Central FLORIDA Residents May Experience Sonic Boom GILEAD SCIENCES to Present at the 37th Annual William Blair Growth Stock Conference on Tuesday, June 13 Interest Rates on Connext™ Private STUDENT LOANs Decrease as Federal STUDENT LOAN Rates are Set to Rise Cooper Tire Tupelo and Clarksdale Plants Recognized by MISSISSIPPI Department of Environmental Quality National Geographic, in Partnership with Pereira & O’Dell NY Launches 10 Days of Genius, a FILM FESTIVAL Inspired by GENIUS, the Fascinating and Untold Story about the Life of Albert Einstein EUROPEAN COMMISSION Approves Pfizer’s TRUMENBA® to Help Prevent Meningococcal Group B Disease in Adolescents and Adults ICVR, LLC Established to Create Standard for VR HEADSET Connectivity Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Kathy Griffin Ivanka Trump Chase Utley Scott Pelley Current Topics Orlando International Airport Orlando Airport Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Baywatch Nintendo Shares Hit Their Highest Since 2010 - Is The Switch To Thank? Why Is This Latest McDonald's Commercial Causing Controversy? Forget Pokemon GO - It's Time To Make Your Magikarp Jump Which Popular TV Show Is Getting A Scooby-Doo Crossover? Trump Vows To Punish The Manchester Attack Leaker The Nokia 3310 Revival Has Arrived - But Is It Worth It? Trying To Avoid Trump? Don't Blend In With The Curtains Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, Little Caesars, Smirnoff and More 5 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 7 hours ago Array 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 8 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat Moves to Create a Safer Environment for Brands By Garett Sloane - 8 hours ago Array 0 My Banned Words for 2017 By Shelly Palmer - 10 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 7 hours ago 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 8 hours ago 0 Brace Yourself for Dollar Shave Club's Cringeworthy Ads About Grooming 'Down There' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 days ago 0 Five Things to Expect at Cannes (Not Counting Rosé) By Lindsay Stein - 15 hours ago 0 Video: Mute Melania Is Our Meme of the Week By Simon Dumenco and Nathan Skid - 4 days ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Women to Watch Women To Watch Alumnae: Where Are They Now? Published on May 30, 2017. Most Popular This is the 21st year Ad Age is publishing Women to Watch, and over those two decades our honorees have gone on to even greater things. Here, we check in with 16 of our past Women to Watch to see where they are today. Mary Barra, the first female chairman-CEO of General Motors, was a Woman to Watch in 2012 when she was senior VP-global product development at the automaker. Dawn Hudson, now exec VP-chief marketing officer at the National Football League, made our list in 1997 when she was exec VP-sales and marketing at Frito-Lay. Carol H. Williams, founder of Carol H. Williams Advertising, who made our list in 2002, was inducted into the Advertising Hall of Fame this year. Linda Yaccarino, named to our Women to Watch in 2007 as exec VP-general manager of ad sales and marketing at Turner, is now chairman-ad sales and partnerships at NBC Universal. Donna Speciale, a Woman to Watch in 2001 as exec VP-director of local and national broadcast at MediaCom, is now president of Turner Ad Sales. Fiona Carter, Class of '06 while exec VP-integration director on Bank of America at Omnicom, is now chief brand officer at the nation's second largest advertiser, AT&T. Kathleen Brookbanks, Class of '03 as managing director of OMD Midwest, is now chief operating officer at Hearts & Science. Marla Kaplowitz, the new president-CEO of the 4A's, made the list in 2012 as CEO of MEC North America. Tamara Ingram, named to our Women to Watch list in 2007 as president-Team P&G at WPP Group, is now worldwide CEO at WPP's JWT. Anne Bologna, chief strategy officer at iCrossing, was a Woman to Watch in 2008 when she was a founding partner of Toy. Morgan Flatley, recently named U.S. CMO at McDonald's, was a Woman to Watch in 2014 when she was VP-marketing at Gatorade. In the McDonald's post, she succeeds Deborah Wahl, Women to Watch Class of '02, who was then corporate manager-marketing communications at Toyota Motor Sales USA. Maryam Banikarim, Class of 2011 when she was senior VP-CMO at Gannett, is now global CMO of Hyatt Hotels. And just this month four Women to Watch moved up: Chloe Gottlieb, Class of 2016 as exec VP-exec creative director at R/GA, was promoted to joint chief creative officer for the agency. Lauren Hobart, Class of 2010 when she was CMO-sparkling brands at PepsiCo, became president of Dick's Sporting Goods. Mari Kim Novak, a Woman to Watch last year as CMO of Rubicon Project, was named president of Advertising Week. Lindsay Pattison, named to the Class of 2015 as global CEO of Maxus, was appointed chief transformation officer at Maxus parent GroupM. Credit: file photos In this article: Agencies Automotive Special Report: Women to Watch Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Home» Globe Investor» Globe Advisor Darren Sissons of Campbell Lee & Ross Investment Management recommends investing in a long-term dividend growth strategy. Another option is looking for cyclical growth companies at the bottom of their industries’ economic cycle. (Glenn Lowson/The Globe and Mail) Darren Sissons of Campbell Lee & Ross Investment Management recommends investing in a long-term dividend growth strategy. Another option is looking for cyclical growth companies at the bottom of their industries’ economic cycle. (Glenn Lowson/The Globe and Mail) STRATEGY How would you invest a $10,000 windfall? Add to ... TERRY CAIN Special to The Globe and Mail Published Tuesday, May 30, 2017 7:00PM EDT Last updated Tuesday, May 30, 2017 1:10PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Say you are given $10,000, perhaps from someone’s estate. You already have a decent, well-balanced retirement portfolio, so this money is really the frosting on the cake. How would you invest it? Last September we published a range of opinions on this question. We contacted a different group this time around, and here are some of the most interesting responses. Andy Nasr, vice-president, capital markets, and investment strategist, Sentry Investments Mr. Nasr favours “going international” with the windfall. He notes that valuation risk, policy risk and political risk – issues that every investor faces – can be mitigated through diversification by asset class and geography. His firm has increased its international weighting as it sees diminished political risk and an improvement in European economic growth. Mr. Nasr notes, however, that most international indices are dominated by “old economy” stocks and sectors, such as financials, materials, energy and industrials, with elevated debt and cost structures. Therefore he recommends an actively managed portfolio of large multinationals with strong balance sheets, preferably with little North American exposure, to maximize the benefits of diversification. His first pick is Shenzhou International Group Holdings Ltd., which specializes in manufacturing high-end Flyknit materials used in sneakers. He also likes Kering SA, a French luxury-goods holding company that owns well-known brands such as Gucci, Puma and Saint Laurent. A third choice is Cap Gemini Sogeti SA, the management and consulting firm that is becoming a leader in providing its services through cloud computing. Jeff Hull, senior financial advisor, Manulife Securities Mr. Hull took a different approach to the $10,000 windfall question, using it as a lesson in the power of a “kinetic chain,” which “can accelerate and compound the benefits and the rates of return,” he says. Here’s his example. First, if you can take advantage of a one-for-one employee stock-matching program at your company, your $10,000 to invest suddenly becomes $20,000. Then you can slide those shares over into your RRSP as an in-kind contribution and generate a tax deduction on the full $20,000 amount. Then, if you happen to have children, you can continue the kinetic chain by contributing part of that tax refund to your children’s registered education savings plan (RESP). “You started with $10,000 and now you have $28,400 working for you, which is a known gain in advance of almost 200 per cent – and you haven’t even calculated any gains on the actual investments yet,” says Mr. Hull. He also notes that even without the initial benefit of an employee share-ownership plan, the benefits of the other steps still apply. “People forget to capture these types of opportunities,” he says. “Tactically utilize opportunities and loopholes, and line them up like dominoes in order to take advantage of the momentum of a kinetic chain to accelerate and maximize your money.” Darren Sissons, vice-president and portfolio manager, Campbell Lee & Ross Investment Management Considering the person in this example already has a healthy portfolio, Mr. Sissons recommends considering spending the new funds on travel or other meaningful enjoyment, or donating to charity. But he also has investment options. His first is a long-term dividend growth strategy – that is, investing in market-leading, safe and secure companies that can be held for a long time. This would include firms with a history of dividend growth, such as Enbridge Inc., Nestlé SA or Procter & Gamble Co. Mr. Sissons calls his second option “cyclical alpha trades.” By that he means market-leading cyclical growth companies experiencing the lows of their industries’ economic cycle. He cites oil-field services companies such as Halliburton Co. or companies set to benefit from a rise in mining development, such as Atlas Copco AB. Mr. Sissons has a third investing option for those with a deeper appetite for risk and the ability to actively trade. “Distressed debt and turnaround equity investments would be an interesting segment to target,” he says. He points to the significant rallies in the debt and equity of Home Capital Group Inc. as the company recovered from a serious crisis of confidence. Jennifer Radman, head of North American equities and senior portfolio manager, Caldwell Investment Management Ms. Radman recommends the recipient of the $10,000 windfall use it to invest in a fund that has outperformed the TSX composite index across all major time frames, such as the Caldwell Canadian Value Momentum Fund, which she manages. She says her firm’s proprietary process helps it identify the most attractive stocks to own, while its quantitative analysis points out which stocks to sell. These signals provide discipline to the investment process. Two of the fund’s top performers in April were Calian Group Ltd. and AG Growth International Inc. Two stocks that were added to the portfolio were Martinrea International Inc. and BRP Inc. Greg Newman, senior wealth advisor and portfolio manager, Scotia Wealth Management Mr. Newman chose to take a philosophical approach. “For me it is both permissible and obligatory to try to ‘shoot out the lights’ – but if and only if one actually ‘sees the trade,’” by which he means being completely convinced of the tremendous opportunity of the investment. He notes examples where he has done this, such as recommending Facebook Inc. shares when they were in the range of $20 (U.S.) a share, Apple Inc. in the $70s, and, more recently, Shopify Inc. before it hit $30. Finding these big opportunities is usually a function of experience, hard work and the strength to stay the course through all the ups and downs, he notes. “So if one is looking for the frosting on the cake, I say keep it in cash until the right idea comes along.” Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeInvestor Also on The Globe and Mail Money Monitor: Investing vs. paying down a mortgage (The Canadian Press)   ENB-TEnbridge Inc Latest Price$52.00 0.00 (0.00%) PG-NProcter & Gamble Co Latest Price$87.40 0.00 (0.00%) HCG-THome Capital Group Inc Latest Price$9.14 0.00 (0.00%) HAL-NHalliburton Co Latest Price$45.15 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 30 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Sustainability Investors turn two shades of green in fossil-fuel strategies Advisor Insights Millennial women taking over as household CFOs Stocks Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Strategy If the aging bull market makes you nervous, consider these tips Exchange-traded funds Hybrid ETFs may offer the best of both worlds Exchange-traded funds Looking for potential in commodities Millennials TFSAs are a great tool for millennial savers and investors Topics Energy Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Video: A giant duck is coming to Toronto for Canada 150, and it's ruffling some feathers Life Britain's 'Iron Man' breaks his own jet-suit speed record Sports Tiger Woods arrested on DUI charge News Justin Trudeau exchanges gifts with Pope Francis News North Korea warns of 'bigger gift package' for U.S. Arts Olivia Newton-John reveals she is battling cancer again Report on Business Gen Y Money: What you need to know about owning and buying a condo News Pentagon successfully tests ICBM defence system for first time Life The tiny organism that could help feed the planet News Deadly car bombs hit Ramadan crowds in Baghdad News Weaver: Climate issues key to BC Greens siding with NDP News Trudeau says he will continue to back Kinder Morgan pipeline ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor How would you invest a $10,000 windfall? Life Sampling Tasmania’s unique dining and drinking scene Most popular What will people think of B.C.’s political makeover? May 31: Your daily horoscope Globe editorial: Why Kathleen Wynne has become a great NDP premier Nova Scotia Liberals win second straight majority government Electoral referendum, political donations part of deal between BC NDP, Greens X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hylink Digital’s Humphrey Ho Joins Board Of Directors For Los Angeles Area Chamber Of Commerce LOS ANGELES, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Hylink Digital is pleased to announce that Humphrey Ho, managing director of Hylink Digital US, has been appointed to the board of directors for the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce, one of the leading organizations working to improve the business climate and address policy issues affecting L.A.’s future. His appointment was effective March 15, 2017. L.A. Chamber President & CEO Gary Toebben issued the following today regarding the appointment of Humphrey Ho to the board of directors: „We are delighted that Mr. Ho will be joining the Board of Directors of the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce. Hylink Digital is highly regarded for its expertise in digital marketing and he will be a great connection for Chamber members to Chinese-owned businesses and technology companies.” Ho brings a wealth of experience to the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. Prior to his role at Hylink Digital, he oversaw programmatic efforts in both mobile and video as a Strategic Partnerships Leader at Google China. He previously brought in local partners and clientele as Business Director at Wieden+Kennedy Shanghai and was the Director of Business Operations at one of the top independent boutique advertising agencies, Leagas Delaney Shanghai, which he helped transform from a project-based enterprise to a top-quality strategic, and creative retainer. With achievements recognized by the business world at large, Ho was awarded „Top 30 Under 30” award in 2009, and for the past five years has served as a China lecturer for business schools, where he seeks to empower the next generation of business leaders. At age 23, he founded Speechbobble, a social network enterprise. He holds an MBA from Ryerson University and a bachelor’s degree in Neuroscience from the University of Toronto. „I am honored to serve on the board and carry out the mission of the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce. I look forward to working with the board and management team to continue to give back to the community that has given my family and my business the opportunities of a lifetime,” said Ho. Early last year, Hylink Digital opened its global headquarters in Los Angeles. Hylink Digital opened in 1994 in Beijing, and has since grown to 2,200 employees across eighteen offices, boasting clients such as Shanghai General Motors, Estee Lauder, and Procter & Gamble. Today, Hylink is the largest native digital advertising agency in China. For more information, please contact: Press Contact Madelyn Fitzpatrick, Head of International PR madelyn.f@hylinkgroup.com 1(281) 253-4398 About Hylink Digital Hylink Digital is China’s largest, independent digital full service agency. Ranked #1 Digital Agency by China Internet (CI) Weekly Magazine for eight consecutive years in a row, 2009-2016; and named a multi-year Effie Greater China Most Effective Independent Agency Network of the Year. Hylink Digital is comprised of industry leading units in the following disciplines: digital media, interactive creative, programmatic, SEM, content marketing and investment, EPR/social, research and insights. With headquarters in Beijing, the agency has a total of sixteen offices worldwide. Hylink Digital services Fortune Global 500 companies, both headquartered in the U.S. and abroad. For more information, visit www.hylinkgroup.com, or follow Hylink on Twitter at @hylinkdigital. About Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce The Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce represents the interests of business in L.A. County. Founded in 1888, the Chamber promotes a prosperous economy and quality of life in the Los Angeles region.  For more information, visit www.lachamber.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hylink-digitals-humphrey-ho-joins-board-of-directors-for-los-angeles-area-chamber-of-commerce-300465776.html SOURCE Hylink Digital Related Links http://www.hylinkgroup.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Perrigo Company plc Files First Quarter 2017 Form 10-Q And Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Next PostNext Franchise Services of North America Inc. Announces Financial Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Search Recent Posts Kiwis in the dark about disconnections Third Annual JDA/Centiro Customer Pulse Report Reveals that 70 Percent of Australian Customers Intolerant of Poor Online Experiences Study: Ketamine Doesn’t Affect Delirium or Pain After Surgery Modern Living with kathy ireland® Takes A Closer Look At Revolutionary Dog Treats That Help Improve Pet Health and Performance Modern Living with kathy ireland® Presents A Forever Recovery: Customized Substance Abuse Recovery Treatments Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects /EINPresswire.com/ — ARLINGTON, VA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. „We’re proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process,” said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. „Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach.” The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT’s Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry’s productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry’s thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Analysis 2017-2022 Growth Opportunities, Trends, Forecast to 2017 Next PostNext World Fishing Equipment Market by 2021-Analysis, Product Price, Profit, Capacity, Production, Supply, Demand, Growth Rate, & Forecast Search Recent Posts PODS Shares How Company Continues to Reimagine the Moving and Storage Industry at Gartner EA & TI Summit M2M Connected Healthcare Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2020 Internet Of Things (IoT) In Healthcare Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2024 DNA Sequencing In Drug Discovery Market Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2023 Player’s Network Subsidiary Awarded Medical Marijuana Licenses Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Hylink Digital's Humphrey Ho Joins Board Of Directors For Los Angeles Area Chamber Of Commerce Digital Advertising Executive and Entrepreneur Adds Unparalleled Experience News provided by Hylink Digital 30 May, 2017, 17:14 ET Share this article LOS ANGELES, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hylink Digital is pleased to announce that Humphrey Ho, managing director of Hylink Digital US, has been appointed to the board of directors for the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce, one of the leading organizations working to improve the business climate and address policy issues affecting L.A.'s future. His appointment was effective March 15, 2017. L.A. Chamber President & CEO Gary Toebben issued the following today regarding the appointment of Humphrey Ho to the board of directors: "We are delighted that Mr. Ho will be joining the Board of Directors of the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce. Hylink Digital is highly regarded for its expertise in digital marketing and he will be a great connection for Chamber members to Chinese-owned businesses and technology companies." Ho brings a wealth of experience to the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. Prior to his role at Hylink Digital, he oversaw programmatic efforts in both mobile and video as a Strategic Partnerships Leader at Google China. He previously brought in local partners and clientele as Business Director at Wieden+Kennedy Shanghai and was the Director of Business Operations at one of the top independent boutique advertising agencies, Leagas Delaney Shanghai, which he helped transform from a project-based enterprise to a top-quality strategic, and creative retainer. With achievements recognized by the business world at large, Ho was awarded "Top 30 Under 30" award in 2009, and for the past five years has served as a China lecturer for business schools, where he seeks to empower the next generation of business leaders. At age 23, he founded Speechbobble, a social network enterprise. He holds an MBA from Ryerson University and a bachelor's degree in Neuroscience from the University of Toronto. "I am honored to serve on the board and carry out the mission of the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce. I look forward to working with the board and management team to continue to give back to the community that has given my family and my business the opportunities of a lifetime," said Ho. Early last year, Hylink Digital opened its global headquarters in Los Angeles. Hylink Digital opened in 1994 in Beijing, and has since grown to 2,200 employees across eighteen offices, boasting clients such as Shanghai General Motors, Estee Lauder, and Procter & Gamble. Today, Hylink is the largest native digital advertising agency in China. For more information, please contact: Press Contact Madelyn Fitzpatrick, Head of International PR madelyn.f@hylinkgroup.com 1(281) 253-4398 About Hylink Digital Hylink Digital is China's largest, independent digital full service agency. Ranked #1 Digital Agency by China Internet (CI) Weekly Magazine for eight consecutive years in a row, 2009-2016; and named a multi-year Effie Greater China Most Effective Independent Agency Network of the Year. Hylink Digital is comprised of industry leading units in the following disciplines: digital media, interactive creative, programmatic, SEM, content marketing and investment, EPR/social, research and insights. With headquarters in Beijing, the agency has a total of sixteen offices worldwide. Hylink Digital services Fortune Global 500 companies, both headquartered in the U.S. and abroad. For more information, visit www.hylinkgroup.com, or follow Hylink on Twitter at @hylinkdigital. About Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce The Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce represents the interests of business in L.A. County. Founded in 1888, the Chamber promotes a prosperous economy and quality of life in the Los Angeles region.  For more information, visit www.lachamber.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hylink-digitals-humphrey-ho-joins-board-of-directors-for-los-angeles-area-chamber-of-commerce-300465776.html SOURCE Hylink Digital Related Links http://www.hylinkgroup.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Hylink Digital's Humphrey Ho Joins Board Of Directors For Los Angeles Area Chamber Of Commerce News provided by Hylink Digital 30 May, 2017, 17:14 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Indonesia Halal Hair Care Market is estimated to reach USD 1.27 billion by 2025 ·         Increasing preference among the Islamic population regarding ethical consumption of beauty products has contributed largely to industry growth in recent years. ·         Indonesia also proposed a law stating that all products must be halal certified by 2019. ·         The demographic structure of the country, comprising of over 60% youth, has proved beneficial for importers and manufacturers of hair care products. ·         Young people are attracted to innovative products as they support their ethical beliefs & changing lifestyles. ·         Shampoos were the dominant product category in 2015, with over 33% of the revenue share in 2015 and expected to grow at a rapid pace over the forecast period. ·         Hijab-wearing women often face issues such as dandruff, hair-fall and limp, dull, lifeless hair, which are being targeted using specific shampoos containing natural ingredients. The Indonesia halal haircare market is estimated to reach USD 1.27 billion by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Increasing preference among the Islamic population regarding ethical consumption of beauty products has contributed largely to industry growth in recent years. Additionally, rising demand for organic and vegan-friendly products by the consumers owing to increasing awareness regarding the detrimental impacts of chemical-based products has also driven more positive outlook for halal products in the region and across the globe. Indonesia also proposed a law stating that all products must be halal certified by 2019. This has created huge potential for these personal care products, encouraging numerous multinational cosmetic brands to launch certified products. Expanding middle-class population and their willingness to pay premium prices for quality products has also had a positive influence on industry growth as well. The demographic structure of the country, comprising of over 60% youth, has proved beneficial for importers and manufacturers of hair care products. Young people are attracted to innovative products as they support their ethical beliefs & changing lifestyles. Labels such as organic, animal cruelty-free, and vegan are not only influencing the Islamic, but also the overall population in the country. Shampoos were the dominant product category in 2015, with over 33% of the revenue share in 2015 and expected to grow at a rapid pace over the forecast period. Hijab-wearing women often face issues such as dandruff, hair-fall and limp, dull, lifeless hair, which are being targeted using specific shampoos containing natural ingredients. Further key findings from the report suggest: Conditioners are expected to experience highest growth with a CAGR of 12.2% over the forecast period. Conditioners specially catering to issues regarding covered hair, by improving volume and bounce for flat tresses are expected to drive segment growth. increasing fashion consciousness and entry of multinational companies with extensive product portfolios has also driven growth in the color segment. Men are also latching onto coloring trends, leading to an increase in demand for halal-certified colors with low synthetic content. Key players include Unilever, Loreal, Procter & Gamble, Clara International, Wardah, Sariayu Cosmetics, Iba Halal and Saaf Skincare among others Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04899208/Indonesia-Halal-Hair-Care-Market-Analysis-By-Product-Halal-Shampoo-Hair-Color-Conditioners-Hair-Oil-Market-Potential-Analyses-Insights-Trends-Dynamics-Competitive-Landscape-And-Segment-Forecasts.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/indonesia-halal-hair-care-market-is-estimated-to-reach-usd-127-billion-by-2025-300465771.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Next PostNext Global Ceftazidime Market Forecasts to 2021 and Analysis Search Recent Posts EffettoVIOLA Transforms Tablets and Phones into Powerful Neurostimulators for Reducing Stress Mooncor Oil & Gas Corp. enters into a binding letter of intent TC PipeLines, LP to Attend 2017 MLPA Investor Conference La CTA choisit les Pays-Bas, terre de technologie, pour accueillir le salon CES Unveiled CypressFirst Comments On Latest Admissions In Third Cypress Semiconductor Disclosure Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung 5/30 Akari Therapeutics CEO quits over retracted drug comparison Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Telecommunications Sprint moves media account to Horizon By Alexandra Bruell Published: May 30, 2017 1:26 p.m. ET Share By AlexandraBruell Sprint Corp. has moved its $700 million media agency business from Publicis Groupe's Mediavest Spark to independent media agency Horizon Media in one of the largest account changes of the year. The win gives Horizon Chief Executive Bill Koenigsberg another feather in his cap as he expands his independent media operation. Last year, he joined forces with Hyundai-backed agency Innocean to launch another media agency called Canvas Worldwide. As part of the deal, Canvas also won the media account for Hyundai Motor Group's U.S. brands, including Kia Motors America and Hyundai Motor America. "Horizon Media's innovative ideas and dynamic approach using traditional and emerging channels is a perfect fit for Sprint as we continue on our transformation," said Sprint's marketing chief, Roger Solé, in a statement. "The agency's unique and fresh perspective will support Sprint in an extremely competitive and continually evolving industry." Wireless companies have been locked in a fierce price war that only threatens to get more competitive as cable companies like Comcast and Charter Communications prepare to enter the cutthroat business. Sprint spent just under $700 million on U.S. media in 2016, compared with spending by AT&T Inc. of $1.62 billion and Verizon at $1.3 billion, according to Kantar Media. The spending figure doesn't include some forms of digital advertising. All three spent less on U.S. media in 2016 than in 2015. Sprint, the No. 4 U.S. carrier by subscribers, has aggressively gone after its larger telecom rivals in recent years with offerings like unlimited data. But AT&T and Verizon recently launched unlimited data plans, forcing Sprint to end its longtime offer to charge customers half the price of other rival plans. The intense competition has been clear even in the companies' creative approach to their advertising. Last year Sprint tapped Paul Marcarelli, Verizon's longtime "Can you hear me now?" pitchman, to star in ads in which he boasts about switching to Sprint. Sprint's move to independent media shop Horizon is also in line with the phone company's recent creative agency shift from Interpublic Group of Cos.-owned Deutsch to Droga5, also an independent agency. For Publicis Groupe, the departure of the Sprint account is another blow after a string of large account losses in recent years, including Wal-Mart, Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola and Honda. Publicis also recently won some business, including H&R Block, KFC and P&G in the U.K. "We are proud of the work we've delivered for Sprint during our partnership with them and our team's dedication to the client," according to a statement from Mediavest Spark. "We wish Sprint all the best in the future and will approach this transition with the utmost commitment and collaboration." Write to Alexandra Bruell at alexandra.bruell@wsj.com More from MarketWatch More Coverage 5 stocks beyond Amazon that are ripe for a share split Money milestones: This is how your finances should look in your 60s Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News Networks, Ad Buyers Jostle to Try to Spark TV’s Upfront Market Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of CBS May 30, 2017 | 09:42AM PT TV networks and advertisers have begun early-stage negotiations as part of the industry’s annual “upfront” ad-sales market, according to six people familiar with the pace of discussions. No one is believed to have begun writing business with any degree of earnestness, and several executives caution that marketers have yet to file their full budgets. Indeed, the ultimate shape of the marketplace remains unclear, with buyers suggesting volume of advance ad sales will be down in 2017, while some senior TV executives hint money might be up. “I’m not sure why anyone would rush in and cut pricing if they don’t even know what demand looks like,” said one media-buying executive But the uncertainty hasn’t kept players on either side of the bargaining table from trying to spark an early deal. Billions of dollars are at stake. Each year, as part of the upfront, U.S. TV networks try to sell the bulk of their commercial inventory for the coming programming cycle. In 2016, the nation’s five big English-language broadcast networks secured between $8.41 billion and $9.25 billion in advance ad commitments for primetime, according to Variety estimates –  the first time in three years they’ve managed to break the $9 billion mark. There is strong doubt they’ll be able to the same this year. “No one thinks it’s shaping up to be a market higher than year ago on rate of change or volume,” the media-buying executive said. There has been speculation in the marketplace that Omnicom Media Group, the parent unit representing agencies that buy ad time for Procter & Gamble, Apple, AT&T and Pepsi, among other blue-chip marketers, has been kicking tires to see if specific networks might be willing to do an early deal. A spokesperson for the Omnicom Group unit was not able to make executives immediately available for comment. CBS, NBCUniversal and ABC are among the media companies that have begun having discussions, according to the people familiar with the talks. The haggling is unlikely to be wrapped quickly, people on both sides suggested, owing to a host of issues at play. Marketers need to consider their overall media mix, said one buyer, and determine how much to allocate for traditional TV and how much to earmark for other kinds of video. Advertisers and media companies continue to struggle with measurement of new kinds of video viewing. And many media companies are offering new kinds of data that take time for clients to understand. Media buyers expect CBS or NBCUniversal to set the tone of the market this year, owing to a broad array of new executives put in place to head ad sales at Viacom, Fox Networks Group, Discovery Communications, AMC Networks, and Disney/ABC Television Group. NBCUniversal’s Linda Yaccarino, chairman of advertising sales and client partnerships, and CBS’ Jo Ann Ross, president of advertising sales,  have the most significant properties to sell. Others with experience include Keith Turner, president of ad sales and marketing at Univision and Rob Tuck, executive vice president of national sales, and Turner’s Donna Speciale. She brings with her a unique perspective from her days as a senior buyer at the MediaVest buying agency. Before the market moves significantly, some clouds have to clear.  In the meantime, both sides are engaged in plenty of chatter. Filed Under: Jo Ann Ross Linda Yaccarino Tv Advertising Upfront 2017 Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Film Film Review: ‘Wonder Woman’ TV Kathy Griffin Says Trump Beheading Photo ‘Went Too Far’ TV NBC Moves ‘This Is Us’ Back to Tuesday Nights Film Pierce Brosnan Pens Tribute to Roger Moore Could a Perfect Storm Help Push Elisabeth Moss to Her First Emmy Win? Cannes Awards: Controversial Swedish Satire ‘The Square’ Wins Palme d’Or Cannes: Predicting This Year’s Palme d’Or Winner and Other Awards Why This Year’s Cannes Lineup May Be Too Edgy for Oscar Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More TV News from Variety The Power of Content SPY Guide: The 5 Best Pieces from Dwayne Johnson's "Project… Donald Trump Gives The World "Covfefe"; Twitter Approves 5 Tips to Starting Your Own Business Scott Pelley Out at CBS Evening News 'The Americans' Finale Review: A Solid Theory and A Crazy Choice… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. „We’re proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process,” said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. „Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach.” The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT’s Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry’s productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry’s thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Publication d’une déclaration selon le système d’alerte Next PostNext Industrial Journalist Meets with Manufacturing Media Consortium in Rome in July Search Recent Posts Tetra Bio-Pharma Strengthens its Board with the Appointment of Dr. Bill Cheliak Element Issues US$1.2 Billion of Rated ABS Term Notes Through Chesapeake II SMART Global Holdings, Inc. Announces Closing of its Initial Public Offering Capstone Turbine to Announce Fourth Quarter & Fiscal Year 2017 Results on June 13, 2017 Thermoformed Plastic Is Appraised to Be Valued US $11.2 Billion by 2016 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. „We’re proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process,” said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. „Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach.” The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT’s Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry’s productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry’s thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Journalist Meets with Manufacturing Media Consortium in Rome in July Next PostNext Synchrono Data Historian Combines Context and Process Data for Actionable Information Search Recent Posts Europe Meat Snacks Market is expected to reach USD 4.59 billion by 2025 Computer Aided Engineering (CAE) Market is anticipated to reach USD 12.8 billion by 2025 Ferrero International S.A. has Acquired U.S. Chocolate Confectionery Manufacturer Fannie May MVP REIT and MVP REIT II Announce Definitive Merger Agreement EastGroup Properties Announces Recent Business Activity Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     May 31, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum Spark UP Research Video RSS Downloads Bworldonline.com Weekender Top Story SM Investments counts on logistics for growth Posted on May 31, 2017 ALMOST 60 years after turning a shoe shop in Manila into a banking-to-property conglomerate that’s made him the richest man in the Philippines, billionaire Henry Sy, Sr. has found the next growth engine for his group: logistics. 2GO is the largest provider of so-called end-to-end logistics services in the Philippines.    RELATED STORIES SM Investments profit up 8% as businesses show ‘good growth’ SM Investments earnings reach P31.2 billion amid economic expansion SM Investments 9-month profit hits P22B SM eyes minority stake in dormitory developer Sy-led SM Investments’ profit growth slows in January-March Mr. Sy’s SM Investments Corp. is counting on logistics affiliate 2GO Group, Inc. to fuel earnings growth as e-commerce and economic growth boosts demand for deliveries, Chief Executive Officer Frederic “Ricky” C. DyBuncio, 57, said in an interview. Logistics may even become the company’s fourth business pillar after banking, real estate and retail, he said. “As economic growth spreads nationwide, you will see a more and more increasing need for logistics operations,” Mr. DyBuncio, the first person from outside the Sy family to lead SM Investments, said in a May 25 interview. “It definitely could grow by double digits for many, many years to come.” SM Investments, the country’s most valuable company after Sy-controlled residential and malls builder SM Prime Holdings, Inc., has said it needs to expand in high-growth sectors to complement its main businesses. Investments in logistics will help boost earnings as the core businesses reach a scale that makes double-digit percentage growth no longer the norm, Mr. DyBuncio said. SM stands for Shoemart, the name of the original store Mr. Sy opened in 1958. Mr. DyBuncio, who took over from the founder’s son Harley T. Sy last month, has said he’ll look to the company’s share price as a measure of his performance. He will need fast-growing businesses to continue driving the stock higher as his predecessor oversaw a more than a six-fold increase since the shares began trading in 2005. Logistics can grow at least two times faster than the economy, according to Mr. DyBuncio, who has been looking at investment opportunities in logistics over the past two years. Economic growth is boosting demand for shipping, warehouses and port facilities nationwide. The Philippines plans to spend as much as P9 trillion ($180 billion) on infrastructure from this year to 2022 to boost Southeast Asia’s fastest growing economy. The economy grew 6.4% in the first quarter, its weakest expansion in six quarters and is forecast to grow 6.6% this year, according to economist estimates compiled by Bloomberg. “You can’t have faster economic growth without logistics,” said Gonzalo Bongolan, vice-president at Philippine Commercial Capital, Inc., a Manila-based investment bank. “Logistics and the last mile of distribution will become more critical as commercial activities multiply.” 2GO is the largest provider of so-called end-to-end logistics services in the Philippines, a nation of more than 7,000 islands. The company, which has a fleet of 24 ships, had a 90% passenger market share and cornered 38% of cargo that passed through the ports where it operated. Customers include SM Investments’ department stores and grocers, Procter & Gamble Co., and Lazada Group SA, a Southeast Asian e-commerce operator whose Philippine clients include an SM’s online store. Net income will jump about 14% this year to 35.4 billion pesos, based on the average of seven analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. That would be the fastest growth since the 16% advance in 2012. SM Investments indirectly owns about 30% of 2GO. It’s part of portfolio investments amassed to diversify beyond core businesses that include BDO Unibank, Inc., the biggest Philippine lender by assets, and China Banking Corp. SM Investments’ two other major units are SM Prime, the nation’s largest shopping mall operator, and SM Retail, Inc., the biggest Philippine retailer with 2,303 outlets. Return on equity, which fell to about 11% last year from the 14.3% peak in 2012, will rebound in the next couple of years as returns from its investments, including property assets, improve, Mr. DyBuncio said. As for the logistics business, Mr. DyBuncio said he’s still not certain it will become a core business on the scale of the banking, property and retail mainstays. “Is it going to be big enough that we can say it’s a fourth leg? We need to see what happens in the next few years,” Mr. DyBuncio said. “We might be able to find the fourth leg, but it will probably be a short leg given the size of the group’s three core businesses.” -- Bloomberg Company Profile(Based on 2014 BusinessWorld Top 1000 Corporations) SM Investments Corporation Stock Symbol: SM Ranking: Gross Revenue: Net Income : Net Sale: Total Assets: Total Liabilities: Shareholders Equity: Address: Market Data Volume: 0 Last Traded Price: 0.00 Previous Close: 680.00 Change: -680.00 %Change: -100% Open: 0.00 High: 0.00 Low: 0.00 Note: Data displayed do not reflect real-time market data. These are for general information only and are not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment decisions. E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.    MORE STORIES Casinos soon under dirty-money watch Watered-down tax reform bill worries economic officials SM Investments counts on logistics for growth Work starts on 2nd tax reform package Expectation of slower May inflation mounts Eagle Cement shares ride on ‘positive prospects’ July eyed for higher minimum float PHL banks going from ‘strength to strength’ New PSE head plans to reinvigorate real estate investment trust push State infrastructure spending, other capital outlays weaken in April    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. Casinos soon under dirty-money watch 2. PLDT, Globe complete payments to SMC 3. SM Investments counts on logistics for growth 4. Watered-down tax reform bill worries economic officials 5. Bourse wanders downward amid lack of drivers 1. July eyed for higher minimum float 2. Woods needs help 3. Free-for-all French Open 4. Duterte to ignore Supreme Court on Martial Law 5. Fuel smuggling losses P26.9B a year, DoF says © 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Home Departments Expert Commentary New Consumer Products Food Safety Processing Packaging Formulation Strategies Ingredients Sustainability Regulations Exclusives Processor Profiles Special Reports Top 100 Processors Processor of the Year Plant of the Year Multimedia ProvisionerTV Mobile App Webinars eNewsletters Podcasts eBooks Interactive Product Spotlights News Industry News Supplier News Magazine The National Provisioner Independent Processor Digital Editions IP Digital Editions SourceBook / Buyer's Guide More Associations Calendar Food Safety Summit Classifieds Market Research Modern Deli Provisioner Store Custom Content & Marketing Services White Papers Sponsor Insights Contact Connect Advertise Subscribe Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with the National Provisioner Home » JBS says Joesley Batista resigns as chairman Meat and Poultry Industry News JBS says Joesley Batista resigns as chairman May 30, 2017 Industry News KEYWORDS Board of Directors / jbs Reprints No Comments JBS SA said late last week that brothers Joesley and Wesley Batista have resigned from their senior posts. JBS SA has been mired in the “Operation Weak Flesh” corruption scandal that alleges meat processors bribed state inspectors to allow tainted meat to be exported to foreign countries. Joesley Batista, Reuters reports, entered into a plea bargain deal that accused Brazilian President Michael Temer of endorsing the bribing of a witness. He resigned as chairman of JBS SA and will leave the company’s board. He will be replaced by Tarek Farahat, a former Procter & Gamble Co executive who is also a member of the JBS board. Wesley Batista resigned as vice chairman of the board and will be replaced by his father, Jose Batista Sobrinho, He will remain as CEO and will maintain a seat on the board. Source: Reuters Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to The National Provisioner. Recent Articles by Industry News Beef broth produced without inspection is recalled Beef trimming products recalled due to improper distribution Perdue operations in North Carolina receive NC Department of Labor safety awards Three inducted into BBQ Hall of Fame Related Articles Batista brothers resume positions at JBS SA JBS SA names Wesley Batista CEO BREAKING: JBS CEO suspended from all management posts by court order JBS hog plant seeks “hazardous” truck use lot permit Related Products Poultry Meat Processing, Second Edition Organic Meat Production and Processing Handbook of Poultry Science and Technology, Volume 1, Primary Processing Food Plant Sanitation: Design, Maintenance, and Good Manufacturing Practices, Second Edition Related Events Ontario Food Protection Association Spring Meeting RMC Sponsors Food Safety Sanitation Forum on West Coast Food Plant of the Future: The Future of Wastewater Management Related Directories Bizerba USA Inc. The Austin Co. Blade Kings LLC Pick Heaters Inc. You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with The National Provisioner More Videos Events November 16, 2016 Redefining Clean: Changing Blender Cleaning for Worker Safety In this educational webinar, Packer Sanitation Services, Inc. will cover better ways to maintain food safety with quality equipment while keeping employees safe. New blender cleaning solutions that don't involve energizing will be discussed. Attendees will walk away with knowledge that will help them strive towards improved safety conditions in food processing plants that utilize blenders. June 14, 2017 Global Pouch Forum 2017 This global conference networking event and exhibition, celebrating its 20th year, will again attract the largest target gathering in North America of end users, converters, and suppliers of materials, components, closure, and machinery for all types of pouches. View All Submit An Event Products The National Provisioner Source Book The Sourcebook is an exclusive buyer’s guide and reference tool for product and supplier information in the meat, poultry and seafood marketplace. See More Products The National Provisioner May 2017 The May 2017 issue of The National Provisioner features our cover story on Sanderson Farms' successful expansion, our annual Top 100 Processors report, and much more! View More Subscribe Independent Processor April 2017 Check out the April 2017 issue of Independent Processor, featuring our cover story on Burgers' Smokehouse, how Keystone Meats is changing consumer perceptions about canned meats, and much more. View More Subscribe Proteins Beef Pork Chicken Turkey Burgers Sausage Bacon Deli Seafood Lamb / Veal More List Rental Partners Want More Food | Beverage | Packaging Group Privacy Policy Expert Commentary Editors Viewpoint Fight for Food Safety Legislative Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Lean Construction Institute May 30, 2017 11:08 ET 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA--(Marketwired - May 30, 2017) - Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. "We're proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process," said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. "Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach." The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT's Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry's productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry's thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org Contact Information Contact: Dan Heinemeier Executive Director (423) 760-366 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Lean Construction Institute From this industry Professional Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Consulting Non Profits Construction See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Visit Lean Construction Institute online   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Lean Construction Institute May 30, 2017 11:08 ET 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA--(Marketwired - May 30, 2017) - Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. "We're proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process," said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. "Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach." The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT's Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry's productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry's thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org Contact Information Contact: Dan Heinemeier Executive Director (423) 760-366 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Lean Construction Institute From this industry Professional Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Consulting Non Profits Construction See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Visit Lean Construction Institute online   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
  It looks like there's an issue with JavaScript in your browser. For a better experience, we recommend that you enable JavaScript. Go to https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-javascript/ to learn more. WNYC News Published by WNYC News Rodney Frelinghuysen and the Poisoned Chalice Download this audio Want to embed this player? Use the code below. More info. <iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" height="130" width="100%" src="https://www.wnyc.org/widgets/ondemand_player/wnyc/#file=/audio/json/758478/&share=1"></iframe> Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email a Friend Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.) in 2011. (AP Photo / AP Photo) i May 29, 2017 · by Nancy Solomon It was the scribbled footnote that did it, rippling across social networks from northern New Jersey to Washington, D.C., revealing a bare-knuckled side of a low-key lawmaker. In a fund raising letter to a member of the board of directors of a New Jersey bank, U.S. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, a Republican from Morris County, asked for money to combat well-organized opponents who had sprung up after the election of President Donald Trump. “P.S. — One of the ringleaders works in your bank!” Frelinghuysen, the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, wrote in blue pen.  The activist, a senior vice president and lawyer, resigned after she was confronted with the letter by her boss. The episode has drawn an ethics complaint against Frelinghuysen, a politician who has worked behind the scenes for 22 years and just this year rose to his place in the Republican leadership. “That was very disappointing and very much out of character for Congressman Frelinghuysen,” said Ross K. Baker, distinguished professor of political science at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, N.J.   But the letter was also notable for what it revealed about the pressure Frelinghuysen is under — surprising for a member of Congress who, in 12 elections, has never received less than 58 percent of the vote. Frelinghuysen’s elections have been so easy, his Democratic opposition so weak, that the provocateur filmmaker Michael Moore once ran a ficus tree against him. But now he’s been caught seeking revenge against one of his own constituents. “It seemed a particularly mean-spirited and vengeful thing for Congressman Frelinghuysen to do — a man who never had a reputation of being that kind of a bare knuckles fighter,” Baker said. “I think he senses that the ground is shifting from under him.” That shift, Baker said, was prompted by the election of Trump and the Republican hold on Congress, forcing him to choose between the party’s leadership and moderate constituents back home. “Becoming the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, which of course in some ways is the crown jewel of any House member’s career, has been a bit of a poisoned chalice for Rodney Frelinghuysen,” Baker said. His response to President Trump’s budget proposal this week was tepid. He also opposed the first iteration of the House Republican plan to repeal Obamacare. But, reportedly threatened with losing his chairmanship, he ultimately changed his vote, siding with conservatives in the second round of voting on the American Health Care Act. Back home, the election quickly gave rise to NJ11th for Change, a constituent group opposing Frelinghuysen. Activists have held weekly protests at his office, overloaded his phone lines and called on him to hold a town hall, which he has so far refused to do. The employee he complained about is on the organization’s steering committee. He did hold a telephone town hall recently, which allows him more control to cut off callers when they disagree.  His frustration with the activists showed. “For people who have jammed our lines and made it difficult for us to meet our constituent needs, it would be nice for you to back off,” Frelinghuysen said. “I didn’t even know who he was for years,” said Tom Hilliard, another member of the  steering committee, who helped design the group’s response to Frelinghuysen’s vote on  Obamacare. “And so maybe 20,000 people knew him as the kindly grandpa who shows up at your high school art fair. But now 100,000 people know him as the guy who sold out his constituents.” Former Gov. Tom Kean Sr., possibly the most respected Republican in New Jersey, insists Frelinghuysen is still a moderate — a fiscal conservative who is liberal on social issues, despite the health care vote. “Given the importance of that bill to the Republican Party and the pledges the Republican Party had made, it might have been very difficult to vote against two different bills in health care and say you still want the leadership,” Kean said. The two men have known each other their whole lives, and both come from a long line of leaders dating back to the American Revolution. Frelinghuysen’s father, Peter B. Frelinghuysen, served in the House of Representatives for 22 years. Rodney Frelinghuysen is the great-great-grandson of Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen, who was a U.S. Senator from New Jersey and U.S. Secretary of State in the administration of President Chester A. Arthur. Rodney’s great-great-great-uncle, Theodore Frelinghuysen, was also a U.S. Senator from New Jersey — and the vice-presidential running mate of Henry Clay on the Whig ticket in 1844.   Frelinghuysen's great-great-great-great-grandfather, Frederick Frelinghuysen, was one of the framers of the first Constitution of New Jersey, a soldier in the American Revolution and a U.S. Senator. There is a Frelinghuysen Township in northwestern  New Jersey, a Frelinghuysen Avenue in Newark, a Frelinghuysen Middle School in Morristown, a Frelinghuysen building at Rutgers University and a lovely Frelinghuysen Arboretum on land donated by the family. Frelinghuysen, 71, is also one of the wealthiest members of Congress, with an estimated worth of about $54 million, according to federal financial disclosures.  His great-great-great-grandmother married Peter Ballantine, founder of Ballantine Brewery in Newark, which at its peak was the third largest brewer in America. Several mansions, including one that is part of the Newark Museum, were built by the Ballantines in Newark. On his mother's side, Frelinghuysen is a great-great-grandson of William Procter, co-founder of Procter & Gamble, maker of Charmin tissue, Crest toothpaste, Bounty paper towels, Dawn dish soap and dozens of other products, with annual sales of more than a billion dollars. Frelinghuysen’s 11th Congressional District is what New Jerseyans call “Republican horse country.” It’s one of the richest districts in the country, and one of the best educated.  The gentleman-farmer estates in his home town, Harding Township, make it one of the top 25 richest zip codes in America, according to Forbes Magazine. “A lot of people think of him — or at least those who don't know him think of him — as some kind of blueblood," said William Westhoven, who has covered Morris County politics since 1994 for the Daily Record. “He really, really does not present in public in that way in any way, shape or form. Rodney presents as a very very regular guy — he dresses in simple suits, he drives a simple car. He shows up at event after event after event constantly.” Westhoven said Frelinghuysen has run into unprecedented political problems because redistricting brought more Democratic towns into his district, and he has opted to go with the changing tide in the Republican Party. “I think you started seeing him leaning more and more to the right as his party leaned more and more to the right,” Westhoven said. Frelinghuysen’s lukewarm votes on abortion rights have brought him low ratings from pro-abortion groups, and he opposes regulations to limit greenhouse gases, gun control and gay marriage. Yet Democrat Carolyn Maloney of New York considers him an ally because of his support for funding for 9/11 first responders, disaster relief after Sandy, and the Equal Rights Amendment. “So he is an important voice, an important leader in Congress, and I’m proud to have him as a friend,” Maloney said. But Frelinghuysen has not held a town hall meeting with constituents in four years. Instead, he spends a lot of time attending small events at schools, community groups and veteran organizations. But town halls, observers say, are not  his strong suit. “He's very low key,” said Nicolas Platt,  a neighbor who grew up around the Frelinghuysens and is the former mayor of Harding Township. “I don't know how he does it, but he will be at every pancake breakfast. He will be at every fireman rolling out a new fire truck.” On the other hand, Platt said he has watched every State of the Union speech since Lyndon B. Johnson, “and I have never seen Rodney Frelinghuysen on camera.” Frelinghuysen did not respond to a request to be interviewed for this story. His letter complaining about the activist, first reported by WNYC, shined an unwelcome spotlight on the congressman. After it went viral, the Cook Political Report downgraded Frelinghuysen’s re-election chances next year, rating his district  “lean Republican” after  many years as a  “likely Republican” district. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has added Frelinghuysen to the list of New Jersey Republicans it will challenge with national money. A woman who is a former Navy helicopter pilot and former federal prosecutor , Mikie Sherell, has announced she will run. Republicans Leonard Lance and Tom MacArthur were already on the DCCC list. In November, longtime Rep. Scott Garrett was defeated by a Democrat. That leaves Chris Smith, a veteran congressman from Monmouth and Ocean counties, as the only holder of a safe Republican seat in the state. Smith is also facing new activist groups hounding him in his district. But Kean, the former governor, says it would be foolish for voters to turn Frelinghuysen out of office, especially because New Jersey needs him as Appropriations chair to help secure funding for a new train tunnel into New York City. “You'd lose leverage, which I don't know if we ever had it before — I'd say certainly not in my lifetime,” Kean said. “Nobody would be more helpful to the state than Rodney Frelinghuysen."
  It looks like there's an issue with JavaScript in your browser. For a better experience, we recommend that you enable JavaScript. Go to https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-javascript/ to learn more. WNYC News Published by WNYC News Rodney Frelinghuysen and the Poisoned Chalice Download this audio Want to embed this player? Use the code below. More info. <iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" height="130" width="100%" src="https://www.wnyc.org/widgets/ondemand_player/wnyc/#file=/audio/json/758478/&share=1"></iframe> Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email a Friend Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.) in 2011. (AP Photo / AP Photo) i May 29, 2017 · by Nancy Solomon It was the scribbled footnote that did it, rippling across social networks from northern New Jersey to Washington, D.C., revealing a bare-knuckled side of a low-key lawmaker. In a fund raising letter to a member of the board of directors of a New Jersey bank, U.S. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, a Republican from Morris County, asked for money to combat well-organized opponents who had sprung up after the election of President Donald Trump. “P.S. — One of the ringleaders works in your bank!” Frelinghuysen, the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, wrote in blue pen.  The activist, a senior vice president and lawyer, resigned after she was confronted with the letter by her boss. The episode has drawn an ethics complaint against Frelinghuysen, a politician who has worked behind the scenes for 22 years and just this year rose to his place in the Republican leadership. “That was very disappointing and very much out of character for Congressman Frelinghuysen,” said Ross K. Baker, distinguished professor of political science at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, N.J.   But the letter was also notable for what it revealed about the pressure Frelinghuysen is under — surprising for a member of Congress who, in 12 elections, has never received less than 58 percent of the vote. Frelinghuysen’s elections have been so easy, his Democratic opposition so weak, that the provocateur filmmaker Michael Moore once ran a ficus tree against him. But now he’s been caught seeking revenge against one of his own constituents. “It seemed a particularly mean-spirited and vengeful thing for Congressman Frelinghuysen to do — a man who never had a reputation of being that kind of a bare knuckles fighter,” Baker said. “I think he senses that the ground is shifting from under him.” That shift, Baker said, was prompted by the election of Trump and the Republican hold on Congress, forcing him to choose between the party’s leadership and moderate constituents back home. “Becoming the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, which of course in some ways is the crown jewel of any House member’s career, has been a bit of a poisoned chalice for Rodney Frelinghuysen,” Baker said. His response to President Trump’s budget proposal this week was tepid. He also opposed the first iteration of the House Republican plan to repeal Obamacare. But, reportedly threatened with losing his chairmanship, he ultimately changed his vote, siding with conservatives in the second round of voting on the American Health Care Act. Back home, the election quickly gave rise to NJ11th for Change, a constituent group opposing Frelinghuysen. Activists have held weekly protests at his office, overloaded his phone lines and called on him to hold a town hall, which he has so far refused to do. The employee he complained about is on the organization’s steering committee. He did hold a telephone town hall recently, which allows him more control to cut off callers when they disagree.  His frustration with the activists showed. “For people who have jammed our lines and made it difficult for us to meet our constituent needs, it would be nice for you to back off,” Frelinghuysen said. “I didn’t even know who he was for years,” said Tom Hilliard, another member of the  steering committee, who helped design the group’s response to Frelinghuysen’s vote on  Obamacare. “And so maybe 20,000 people knew him as the kindly grandpa who shows up at your high school art fair. But now 100,000 people know him as the guy who sold out his constituents.” Former Gov. Tom Kean Sr., possibly the most respected Republican in New Jersey, insists Frelinghuysen is still a moderate — a fiscal conservative who is liberal on social issues, despite the health care vote. “Given the importance of that bill to the Republican Party and the pledges the Republican Party had made, it might have been very difficult to vote against two different bills in health care and say you still want the leadership,” Kean said. The two men have known each other their whole lives, and both come from a long line of leaders dating back to the American Revolution. Frelinghuysen’s father, Peter B. Frelinghuysen, served in the House of Representatives for 22 years. Rodney Frelinghuysen is the great-great-grandson of Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen, who was a U.S. Senator from New Jersey and U.S. Secretary of State in the administration of President Chester A. Arthur. Rodney’s great-great-great-uncle, Theodore Frelinghuysen, was also a U.S. Senator from New Jersey — and the vice-presidential running mate of Henry Clay on the Whig ticket in 1844.   Frelinghuysen's great-great-great-great-grandfather, Frederick Frelinghuysen, was one of the framers of the first Constitution of New Jersey, a soldier in the American Revolution and a U.S. Senator. There is a Frelinghuysen Township in northwestern  New Jersey, a Frelinghuysen Avenue in Newark, a Frelinghuysen Middle School in Morristown, a Frelinghuysen building at Rutgers University and a lovely Frelinghuysen Arboretum on land donated by the family. Frelinghuysen, 71, is also one of the wealthiest members of Congress, with an estimated worth of about $54 million, according to federal financial disclosures.  His great-great-great-grandmother married Peter Ballantine, founder of Ballantine Brewery in Newark, which at its peak was the third largest brewer in America. Several mansions, including one that is part of the Newark Museum, were built by the Ballantines in Newark. On his mother's side, Frelinghuysen is a great-great-grandson of William Procter, co-founder of Procter & Gamble, maker of Charmin tissue, Crest toothpaste, Bounty paper towels, Dawn dish soap and dozens of other products, with annual sales of more than a billion dollars. Frelinghuysen’s 11th Congressional District is what New Jerseyans call “Republican horse country.” It’s one of the richest districts in the country, and one of the best educated.  The gentleman-farmer estates in his home town, Harding Township, make it one of the top 25 richest zip codes in America, according to Forbes Magazine. “A lot of people think of him — or at least those who don't know him think of him — as some kind of blueblood," said William Westhoven, who has covered Morris County politics since 1994 for the Daily Record. “He really, really does not present in public in that way in any way, shape or form. Rodney presents as a very very regular guy — he dresses in simple suits, he drives a simple car. He shows up at event after event after event constantly.” Westhoven said Frelinghuysen has run into unprecedented political problems because redistricting brought more Democratic towns into his district, and he has opted to go with the changing tide in the Republican Party. “I think you started seeing him leaning more and more to the right as his party leaned more and more to the right,” Westhoven said. Frelinghuysen’s lukewarm votes on abortion rights have brought him low ratings from pro-abortion groups, and he opposes regulations to limit greenhouse gases, gun control and gay marriage. Yet Democrat Carolyn Maloney of New York considers him an ally because of his support for funding for 9/11 first responders, disaster relief after Sandy, and the Equal Rights Amendment. “So he is an important voice, an important leader in Congress, and I’m proud to have him as a friend,” Maloney said. But Frelinghuysen has not held a town hall meeting with constituents in four years. Instead, he spends a lot of time attending small events at schools, community groups and veteran organizations. But town halls, observers say, are not  his strong suit. “He's very low key,” said Nicolas Platt,  a neighbor who grew up around the Frelinghuysens and is the former mayor of Harding Township. “I don't know how he does it, but he will be at every pancake breakfast. He will be at every fireman rolling out a new fire truck.” On the other hand, Platt said he has watched every State of the Union speech since Lyndon B. Johnson, “and I have never seen Rodney Frelinghuysen on camera.” Frelinghuysen did not respond to a request to be interviewed for this story. His letter complaining about the activist, first reported by WNYC, shined an unwelcome spotlight on the congressman. After it went viral, the Cook Political Report downgraded Frelinghuysen’s re-election chances next year, rating his district  “lean Republican” after  many years as a  “likely Republican” district. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has added Frelinghuysen to the list of New Jersey Republicans it will challenge with national money. A woman who is a former Navy helicopter pilot and former federal prosecutor , Mikie Sherell, has announced she will run. Republicans Leonard Lance and Tom MacArthur were already on the DCCC list. In November, longtime Rep. Scott Garrett was defeated by a Democrat. That leaves Chris Smith, a veteran congressman from Monmouth and Ocean counties, as the only holder of a safe Republican seat in the state. Smith is also facing new activist groups hounding him in his district. But Kean, the former governor, says it would be foolish for voters to turn Frelinghuysen out of office, especially because New Jersey needs him as Appropriations chair to help secure funding for a new train tunnel into New York City. “You'd lose leverage, which I don't know if we ever had it before — I'd say certainly not in my lifetime,” Kean said. “Nobody would be more helpful to the state than Rodney Frelinghuysen."
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, Little Caesars, Smirnoff and More 5 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 7 hours ago Array 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 8 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat Moves to Create a Safer Environment for Brands By Garett Sloane - 8 hours ago Array 0 My Banned Words for 2017 By Shelly Palmer - 10 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 7 hours ago 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 8 hours ago 0 Brace Yourself for Dollar Shave Club's Cringeworthy Ads About Grooming 'Down There' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 days ago 0 Five Things to Expect at Cannes (Not Counting Rosé) By Lindsay Stein - 15 hours ago 0 Video: Mute Melania Is Our Meme of the Week By Simon Dumenco and Nathan Skid - 4 days ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Women to Watch Women To Watch Alumnae: Where Are They Now? Published on May 30, 2017. Most Popular This is the 21st year Ad Age is publishing Women to Watch, and over those two decades our honorees have gone on to even greater things. Here, we check in with 16 of our past Women to Watch to see where they are today. Mary Barra, the first female chairman-CEO of General Motors, was a Woman to Watch in 2012 when she was senior VP-global product development at the automaker. Dawn Hudson, now exec VP-chief marketing officer at the National Football League, made our list in 1997 when she was exec VP-sales and marketing at Frito-Lay. Carol H. Williams, founder of Carol H. Williams Advertising, who made our list in 2002, was inducted into the Advertising Hall of Fame this year. Linda Yaccarino, named to our Women to Watch in 2007 as exec VP-general manager of ad sales and marketing at Turner, is now chairman-ad sales and partnerships at NBC Universal. Donna Speciale, a Woman to Watch in 2001 as exec VP-director of local and national broadcast at MediaCom, is now president of Turner Ad Sales. Fiona Carter, Class of '06 while exec VP-integration director on Bank of America at Omnicom, is now chief brand officer at the nation's second largest advertiser, AT&T. Kathleen Brookbanks, Class of '03 as managing director of OMD Midwest, is now chief operating officer at Hearts & Science. Marla Kaplowitz, the new president-CEO of the 4A's, made the list in 2012 as CEO of MEC North America. Tamara Ingram, named to our Women to Watch list in 2007 as president-Team P&G at WPP Group, is now worldwide CEO at WPP's JWT. Anne Bologna, chief strategy officer at iCrossing, was a Woman to Watch in 2008 when she was a founding partner of Toy. Morgan Flatley, recently named U.S. CMO at McDonald's, was a Woman to Watch in 2014 when she was VP-marketing at Gatorade. In the McDonald's post, she succeeds Deborah Wahl, Women to Watch Class of '02, who was then corporate manager-marketing communications at Toyota Motor Sales USA. Maryam Banikarim, Class of 2011 when she was senior VP-CMO at Gannett, is now global CMO of Hyatt Hotels. And just this month four Women to Watch moved up: Chloe Gottlieb, Class of 2016 as exec VP-exec creative director at R/GA, was promoted to joint chief creative officer for the agency. Lauren Hobart, Class of 2010 when she was CMO-sparkling brands at PepsiCo, became president of Dick's Sporting Goods. Mari Kim Novak, a Woman to Watch last year as CMO of Rubicon Project, was named president of Advertising Week. Lindsay Pattison, named to the Class of 2015 as global CEO of Maxus, was appointed chief transformation officer at Maxus parent GroupM. Credit: file photos In this article: Agencies Automotive Special Report: Women to Watch Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Continue to NJ Spotlight Follow Us: Sign Up / Sign In / Update Profile Sign Out / Update Profile NJ Spotlight Newsletters Budget Education Energy & Environment Healthcare More Issues Opinion MORE▼ Videos Webinars Roundtables Water Immigration Sponsored Primaries 2017 Donate! Who We Are [close] News, Issues and Insight for New Jersey - directly to your inbox Subscribe to NJ Spotlight Newsletters Daily Digest Weekly Editor's Picks Politics Article Comments Your Email Recipient's Email Message (Optional) Send Cancel Republican Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen and the ‘Poisoned Chalice’ Nancy Solomon | WNYC News | May 30, 2017 A scribbled footnote on a fundraising request reveals the bare-knuckled side of a low-key lawmaker U.S. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-11th) It was the scribbled footnote that did it, rippling across social networks from northern New Jersey to Washington, D.C., revealing a bare-knuckled side of a low-key lawmaker. In a fundraising letter to a member of the board of directors of a New Jersey bank, U.S. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, a Republican from Morris County, asked for money to combat well-organized opponents who had sprung up after the election of President Donald Trump. “P.S. — One of the ringleaders works in your bank!” Frelinghuysen, the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, wrote in blue pen. The activist, a senior vice president and lawyer, resigned after she was confronted with the letter by her boss. Ethics complaint The episode has drawn an ethics complaint against Frelinghuysen, a politician who has worked behind the scenes for 22 years and just this year rose to his place in the Republican leadership. “That was very disappointing and very much out of character for Congressman Frelinghuysen,” said Ross K. Baker, distinguished professor of political science at Rutgers University in New Brunswick. But the letter was also notable for what it revealed about the pressure Frelinghuysen is under — surprising for a member of Congress who, in 12 elections, has never received less than 58 percent of the vote. Frelinghuysen’s elections have been so easy, his Democratic opposition so weak, that the provocateur filmmaker Michael Moore once ran a ficus tree against him. But now he’s been caught seeking revenge against one of his own constituents. ‘A bare-knuckles fighter’ “It seemed a particularly mean-spirited and vengeful thing for Congressman Frelinghuysen to do — a man who never had a reputation of being that kind of a bare-knuckles fighter,” Baker said. “I think he senses that the ground is shifting from under him.” That shift, Baker said, was prompted by the election of Trump and the Republican hold on Congress, forcing him to choose between the party’s leadership and moderate constituents back home. “Becoming the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, which of course in some ways is the crown jewel of any House member’s career, has been a bit of a poisoned chalice for Rodney Frelinghuysen,” Baker said. His response to Trump’s budget proposal this week was tepid. He also opposed the first iteration of the House Republican plan to repeal Obamacare. But reportedly threatened with losing his chairmanship, he ultimately changed his vote, siding with conservatives in the second round of voting on the American Health Care Act. NJ11th for Change Back home, the election quickly gave rise to NJ11th for Change, a constituent group opposing Frelinghuysen. Activists have held weekly protests at his office, overloaded his phone lines, and called on him to hold a town hall, which he has so far refused to do. The employee he complained about is on the organization’s steering committee. He did hold a telephone town hall recently, which allows him more control to cut off callers when they disagree. His frustration with the activists showed. “For people who have jammed our lines and made it difficult for us to meet our constituent needs, it would be nice for you to back off,” Frelinghuysen said. “I didn’t even know who he was for years,” said Tom Hilliard, another member of the steering committee, who helped design the group’s response to Frelinghuysen’s vote on Obamacare. “And so maybe 20,000 people knew him as the kindly grandpa who shows up at your high school art fair. But now 100,000 people know him as the guy who sold out his constituents.” Former Gov. Tom Kean Sr., possibly the most respected Republican in New Jersey, insists Frelinghuysen is still a moderate — a fiscal conservative who is liberal on social issues, despite the health care vote. “Given the importance of that bill to the Republican Party and the pledges the Republican Party had made, it might have been very difficult to vote against two different bills in healthcare and say you still want the leadership,” Kean said. The two men have known each other their whole lives, and both come from a long line of leaders dating back to the American Revolution. Lineage of leadership Frelinghuysen’s father, Peter B. Frelinghuysen, served in the House of Representatives for 22 years. Rodney Frelinghuysen is the great-great-grandson of Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen, who was a U.S. Senator from New Jersey and U.S. Secretary of State in the administration of President Chester A. Arthur. Rodney’s great-great-great-uncle, Theodore Frelinghuysen, was also a U.S. Senator from New Jersey — and the vice-presidential running mate of Henry Clay on the Whig ticket in 1844. Frelinghuysen's great-great-great-great-grandfather, Frederick Frelinghuysen, was one of the framers of the first Constitution of New Jersey, a soldier in the American Revolution, and a U.S. Senator. There is a Frelinghuysen Township in northwestern New Jersey, a Frelinghuysen Avenue in Newark, a Frelinghuysen Middle School in Morristown, a Frelinghuysen building at Rutgers University, and a lovely Frelinghuysen Arboretum on land donated by the family. Frelinghuysen, 71, is also one of the wealthiest members of Congress, with an estimated worth of about $54 million, according to federal financial disclosures. His great-great-great-grandmother married Peter Ballantine, founder of Ballantine Brewery in Newark, which at its peak was the third-largest brewer in America. Several mansions, including one that is part of the Newark Museum, were built by the Ballantines in Newark. On his mother's side, Frelinghuysen is a great-great-grandson of William Procter, co-founder of Procter & Gamble, maker of Charmin tissue, Crest toothpaste, Bounty paper towels, Dawn dish soap, and dozens of other products, with annual sales of more than a billion dollars. ‘Republican horse country’ Frelinghuysen’s 11th Congressional District is what New Jerseyans call “Republican horse country.” It’s one of the richest districts in the country, and one of the best educated. The gentleman-farmer estates in his home town, Harding Township, make it one of the top 25 richest ZIP codes in America, according to Forbes Magazine. “A lot of people think of him — or at least those who don't know him think of him — as some kind of blueblood," said William Westhoven, who has covered Morris County politics since 1994 for the Daily Record. “He really, really does not present in public in that way in any way, shape, or form. Rodney presents as a very, very regular guy — he dresses in simple suits, he drives a simple car. He shows up at event after event after event constantly.” Westhoven said Frelinghuysen has run into unprecedented political problems because redistricting brought more Democratic towns into his district, and he has opted to go with the changing tide in the Republican Party. “I think you started seeing him leaning more and more to the right as his party leaned more and more to the right,” Westhoven said. Frelinghuysen’s lukewarm votes on abortion rights have brought him low ratings from pro-abortion groups, and he opposes regulations to limit greenhouse gases, gun control, and gay marriage. Democratic ally Yet Democrat Carolyn Maloney of New York considers him an ally because of his support for funding for 9/11 first responders, disaster relief after Sandy, and the Equal Rights Amendment. “So he is an important voice, an important leader in Congress, and I’m proud to have him as a friend,” Maloney said. But Frelinghuysen has not held a town hall meeting with constituents in four years. Instead, he spends a lot of time attending small events at schools, community groups, and veteran organizations. But town halls, observers say, are not his strong suit. “He's very low key,” said Nicolas Platt, a neighbor who grew up around the Frelinghuysens and is the former mayor of Harding Township. “I don't know how he does it, but he will be at every pancake breakfast. He will be at every fireman rolling out a new fire truck.” On the other hand, Platt said he has watched every State of the Union speech since Lyndon B. Johnson, “and I have never seen Rodney Frelinghuysen on camera.” Frelinghuysen did not respond to a request to be interviewed for this story. Going viral His letter complaining about the activist, first reported by WNYC, shined an unwelcome spotlight on the congressman. After it went viral, the Cook Political Report downgraded Frelinghuysen’s re-election chances next year, rating his district “lean Republican” after many years as a “likely Republican.” The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has added Frelinghuysen to the list of New Jersey Republicans it will challenge with national money. A woman who is a former Navy helicopter pilot and former federal prosecutor, Mikie Sherell, has announced she will run. Republicans Leonard Lance and Tom MacArthur were already on the DCCC list. In November, longtime Rep. Scott Garrett was defeated by a Democrat. That leaves Chris Smith, a veteran congressman from Monmouth and Ocean counties, as the only holder of a safe Republican seat in the state. Smith is also facing new activist groups hounding him in his district. But Kean, the former governor, says it would be foolish for voters to turn Frelinghuysen out of office, especially because New Jersey needs him as appropriations chair to help secure funding for a new train tunnel into New York City. “You'd lose leverage, which I don't know if we ever had it before — I'd say certainly not in my lifetime,” Kean said. “Nobody would be more helpful to the state than Rodney Frelinghuysen." See Comments Read more in Politics Subscribe to NJ Spotlight Newsletters Daily Digest Weekly Editor's Picks In the Shadow of Liberty Sponsors Corporate Supporters All Rights Reserved ©2017 NJSpotlight Budget Education Energy & Environment Healthcare More Issues Opinion Who We Are Donate! Media Kit ×To add this web app to the home screen, tap and then Add to Home Screen. Most Popular Stories « »
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Philippines billionaire Sy's group counts on logistics as next growth engine PublishedMay 30, 2017, 1:25 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Loy Copy MANILA (BLOOMBERG) - Almost 60 years after turning a shoe shop in Manila into a banking-to-property conglomerate that's made him the richest man in the Philippines, billionaire Henry Sy has found the next growth engine for his group: logistics. Mr Sy's SM Investments Corp. is counting on logistics affiliate 2GO Group to fuel earnings growth as e-commerce and economic growth boosts demand for deliveries, chief executive officer Ricky DyBuncio, 57, said in an interview. Logistics may even become the company's fourth business pillar after banking, real estate and retail, he said. The logistics company's shares surged to a record Tuesday in Manila trading. "As economic growth spreads nationwide, you will see a more and more increasing need for logistics operations," Mr DyBuncio, the first person from outside the Sy family to lead SM Investments, said in Manila May 25. "It definitely could grow by double digits for many, many years to come." SM Investments, the country's most valuable company after Sy-controlled residential and malls builder SM Prime Holdings, has said it needs to expand in high-growth sectors to complement its main businesses. Investments in logistics will help boost earnings as the core businesses reach a scale that makes double-digit percentage growth no longer the norm, Mr DyBuncio said. SM stands for Shoemart, the name of the original store Mr Sy opened in 1958. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up Mr DyBuncio, who took over from the founder's son Harley Sy last month, has said he'll look to the company's share price as a measure of his performance. He will need fast-growing businesses to continue driving the stock higher as his predecessor oversaw a more than a six-fold increase since the shares began trading in 2005. Logistics can grow at least two times faster than the economy, according to Mr DyBuncio, who has been looking at investment opportunities in logistics over the past two years. Economic growth is boosting demand for shipping, warehouses and port facilities nationwide. Shares of 2GO climbed as much as 21 per cent to 25 pesos, the highest since the company's 1995 listing, before paring gains to trade at 23.40 pesos as of the midday trading break in Manila on Tuesday. The stock has tripled so far this year. SM Investments fell 0.2 percent to 775.50 pesos. The Philippines plans to spend as much as 9 trillion pesos (S$249.1 billion) on infrastructure from this year to 2022 to boost Southeast Asia's fastest growing economy. The economy grew 6.4 per cent in the first quarter, its weakest expansion in six quarters and is forecast to grow 6.6 per cent this year, according to economist estimates compiled by Bloomberg. "You can't have faster economic growth without logistics," said Gonzalo Bongolan, vice president at Philippine Commercial Capital Inc., a Manila-based investment bank. "Logistics and the last mile of distribution will become more critical as commercial activities multiply." 2GO is the largest provider of so-called end-to-end logistics services in the Philippines, a nation of more than 7,000 islands. The company, which has a fleet of 24 ships, had a 90 percent passenger market share and cornered 38 percent of cargo that passed through the ports where it operated. Customers include SM Investments' department stores and grocers, Procter & Gamble, and Lazada Group, a Southeast Asian e-commerce operator whose Philippine clients include an SM's online store. Net income will jump about 14 per cent this year to 35.4 billion pesos, based on the average of seven analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. That would be the fastest growth since the 16 percent advance in 2012. SM Investments indirectly owns about 30 per cent of 2GO. It's part of portfolio investments amassed to diversify beyond core businesses that include BDO Unibank Inc., the biggest Philippine lender by assets, and China Banking Corp. SM Investments' two other major units are SM Prime, the nation's largest shopping mall operator, and SM Retail Inc., the biggest Philippine retailer with 2,303 outlets. Return on equity, which fell to about 11 percent last year from the 14.3 percent peak in 2012, will rebound in the next couple of years as returns from its investments, including property assets, improve, DyBuncio said. As for the logistics business, DyBuncio said he's still not certain it will become a core business on the scale of the banking, property and retail mainstays. "Is it going to be big enough that we can say it's a fourth leg? We need to see what happens in the next few years," DyBuncio said. "We might be able to find the fourth leg but it will probably be a short leg given the size of the group's three core businesses." Topics:  BILLIONAIRES/MILLIONAIRES PHILIPPINES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Loy Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? starhub-french-open_st-native_300x200.jpg 7 tennis stars you’ll need to know when you watch the French Open ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Billionaire Sy's Group Counts on Logistics Growth, CEO Says by Ian C Sayson More stories by Ian C Sayson and Clarissa Batino More stories by Clarissa Batino May 29, 2017, 6:00 PM EDT May 30, 2017, 12:25 AM EDT Logistics industry growing twice economy’s pace, DyBuncio says DyBuncio is first Sy family outsider to lead SM Investments Almost 60 years after turning a shoe shop in Manila into a banking-to-property conglomerate that’s made him the richest man in the Philippines, billionaire Henry Sy has found the next growth engine for his group: logistics. Sy’s SM Investments Corp. is counting on logistics affiliate  2GO Group Inc. to fuel earnings growth as e-commerce and economic growth boosts demand for deliveries, Chief Executive Officer Ricky DyBuncio, 57, said in an interview. Logistics may even become the company’s fourth business pillar after banking, real estate and retail, he said. The logistics company’s shares surged to a record Tuesday in Manila trading. Ricky DyBuncio Photographer: Veejay Villafranca/Bloomberg “As economic growth spreads nationwide, you will see a more and more increasing need for logistics operations,” DyBuncio, the first person from outside the Sy family to lead SM Investments, said in Manila May 25. “It definitely could grow by double digits for many, many years to come.” SM Investments, the country’s most valuable company after Sy-controlled residential and malls builder SM Prime Holdings Inc., has said it needs to expand in high-growth sectors to complement its main businesses. Investments in logistics will help boost earnings as the core businesses reach a scale that makes double-digit percentage growth no longer the norm, DyBuncio said. SM stands for Shoemart, the name of the original store Sy opened in 1958. DyBuncio, who took over from the founder’s son Harley Sy last month, has said he’ll look to the company’s share price as a measure of his performance. He will need fast-growing businesses to continue driving the stock higher as his predecessor oversaw a more than a six-fold increase since the shares began trading in 2005. Read more about 2GO stakeholder Dennis Uy’s business empire here. Logistics can grow at least two times faster than the economy, according to DyBuncio, who has been looking at investment opportunities in logistics over the past two years. Economic growth is boosting demand for shipping, warehouses and port facilities nationwide. Shares of 2GO climbed as much as 21 percent to 25 pesos, the highest since the company’s 1995 listing, before paring gains to trade at 23.40 pesos as of the midday trading break in Manila on Tuesday. The stock has tripled so far this year. SM Investments fell 0.2 percent to 775.50 pesos. The Philippines plans to spend as much as 9 trillion pesos ($180 billion) on infrastructure from this year to 2022 to boost Southeast Asia’s fastest growing economy. The economy grew 6.4 percent in the first quarter, its weakest expansion in six quarters and is forecast to grow 6.6 percent this year, according to economist estimates compiled by Bloomberg. “You can’t have faster economic growth without logistics,” said Gonzalo Bongolan, vice president at Philippine Commercial Capital Inc., a Manila-based investment bank. “Logistics and the last mile of distribution will become more critical as commercial activities multiply.” The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up 2GO is the largest provider of so-called end-to-end logistics services in the Philippines, a nation of more than 7,000 islands. The company, which has a fleet of 24 ships, had a 90 percent passenger market share and cornered 38 percent of cargo that passed through the ports where it operated. Customers include SM Investments’ department stores and grocers, Procter & Gamble Co., and Lazada Group SA, a Southeast Asian e-commerce operator whose Philippine clients include an SM’s online store. Net income will jump about 14 percent this year to 35.4 billion pesos, based on the average of seven analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. That would be the fastest growth since the 16 percent advance in 2012. SM Investments indirectly owns about 30 percent of 2GO. It’s part of portfolio investments amassed to diversify beyond core businesses that include BDO Unibank Inc., the biggest Philippine lender by assets, and China Banking Corp. SM Investments’ two other major units are SM Prime, the nation’s largest shopping mall operator, and SM Retail Inc., the biggest Philippine retailer with 2,303 outlets. Return on equity, which fell to about 11 percent last year from the 14.3 percent peak in 2012, will rebound in the next couple of years as returns from its investments, including property assets, improve, DyBuncio said. As for the logistics business, DyBuncio said he’s still not certain it will become a core business on the scale of the banking, property and retail mainstays. “Is it going to be big enough that we can say it’s a fourth leg? We need to see what happens in the next few years," DyBuncio said. “We might be able to find the fourth leg but it will probably be a short leg given the size of the group’s three core businesses." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Once Costly Deep-Sea Oil Turns Cheap, to OPEC's Dismay Emirates’ First Class is Becoming Even More Elite China Factory Gauge Holds Up as Global Economic Outlook Improves Chinese Workers Who Probed Ivanka Trump-Linked Factories Missing Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Arc Worldwide Strengthens Capabilities Through Leadership And Regional Expansion CHICAGO, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — To meet the demands of digitally enabled consumers and a rapidly evolving shopper marketing landscape, Arc Worldwide, the shopper marketing agency with the Leo Burnett Group, today announced significant investments in its leadership and geographic footprint that will strengthen its capabilities and drive „Irresistible Commerce” for clients. The agency is growing its national presence by entering the New York City and Northwest Arkansas markets. The expansion follows tremendous growth fueled by substantial new business wins, including the MillerCoors portfolio, which it won in November 2016. Debbie Myszynski, EVP Business Leadership & Director, Commerce; John Lowell, EVP, Chief Intelligence Officer; Scott Fry, SVP, Group Executive Producer; Karl Wenzel, SVP Director, Ops; Nick Jones, EVP, Global Business Development and Innovation; Elizabeth Harris, EVP Director, Strategy; 2nd row: Anna Gomez, Chief Financial Officer; Jenny Cacioppo, EVP Business Leadership; Karuna Rawal, U.S. President; Chris Cancilla, U.S. Chief Creative Officer; Billie Smith, EVP, Director of Talent… To support this growth and bolster the agency’s offerings, Karuna Rawal, U.S. president, Arc Worldwide, has added seven executives to the leadership team. The new appointments will help the agency double down on experiential planning, data-driven shopper insights, and mobile tracking and analytics that will enrich its ability to help clients reach empowered consumers in a 24-7, digitally enabled world. Additions to Arc’s executive team are: Debbie Myszynski, EVP Business Leadership & Director, Commerce Elizabeth Harris, EVP Director, Strategy Jenny Cacioppo, EVP Business Leadership Karl Wenzel, SVP Director, Operations John Lowell, EVP Chief Intelligence Officer Billie Smith, EVP Talent Management & HR Operations Anna Gomez, Chief Financial Officer The moves also represent a deeper alignment in shared capabilities with Leo Burnett. John Lowell will keep his leadership role over The Core, Leo Burnett’s new data and analytics function, while Smith and Gomez will expand their current Leo Burnett roles to encompass Arc.   „As we grow, we are continuing to increase our distribution of Arc operations around the world for the benefit of our clients. This includes the strategic expansion in North America to New York and Northwest Arkansas,” said Bob Raidt, global CEO, Arc Worldwide. „We’re also investing in expertise that will help Arc stay close to consumers in a way that’s unique to the industry.” The moves are all in service of Arc’s new „Irresistible Commerce” positioning. „Today’s shoppers are more empowered than ever. With increasing control over what, when and how they buy,” said Rawal. „To prosper, brands must continually adapt and find ways to become irresistible to consumers. That means using data to uncover meaningful value. Then delivering that value in creative and innovative ways across the total shopper experience. It should all be seamless. Which is why we’re enhancing our offering and realigning the agency to better create those connections.” „More than ever, clients are looking for help understanding consumers as the traditional shopper journey becomes increasingly personal and varied,” said Andrew Swinand, North America CEO, Leo Burnett Group. „Arc’s steps to build on experiential planning, mobile and data perfectly position the agency to deliver a competitive advantage for clients looking to navigate today’s complex, on-demand marketplace.” Arc has been a steady growth engine for Leo Burnett Group, as marketers’ demands for innovative shopper solutions — both on and off-line — have increased. Currently, Arc’s client roster includes Procter & Gamble, MillerCoors, Intel, Bridgestone, Kraft-Heinz, Alcon, Coca-Cola and Walmart. Living at the intersection of creativity and effectiveness, Arc has recently seen its accomplishments recognized at both the Effie and Reggie Awards — winning accolades for diverse work across MillerCoors, Intel, and Procter & Gamble. The agency’s nine finalists at the upcoming Pro Awards represent a significant achievement. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arc-worldwide-strengthens-capabilities-through-leadership-and-regional-expansion-300465476.html SOURCE Arc Worldwide Related Links http://www.arcww.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Expansion, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rocket and Missile Market Worth 70.00 Billion USD by 2022 Next PostNext BJ’s Wholesale Club Announces New Leaders to Drive Digital Innovation and Omnichannel Transformation Search Recent Posts Thermoformed Plastic Is Appraised to Be Valued US $11.2 Billion by 2016 Luxify and 99 Limited Editions Fine Art House Brings What Limited Editions Should Be to Asian Buyers Lifestyle Delivery Systems, Inc. (LDSYF: OTCQB) | Quarterly Report Nuclear Reactor Market: Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2017 EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Hand Cream Market Analysis and Forecast Reveals Constructive CAGR by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
just-food home News & insights Blogs Blog: JBS names board for international spin-off - and one name stands out Dean Best | 31 January 2017 JBS, the Brazil-based meat giant, is in the process of listing of its international business and has this week named a clutch of directors that are set to sit on the spin-off's board. The company set out who would be the independent directors on the board of JBS Foods International, which is to be listed in the US. One of five independent directors will be John Boehner, the US Senator and for four years between 2011 and 2015, one of the most high-ranking politicians in the States as speaker of the House of Representatives. At present, Boehner is a strategic advisor at US-headquartered international law firm Squire Patton Boggs. He also has a directorship at US tobacco giant Reynolds American, which this month saw its board accept a US$49.4bn takeover bid from British American Tobacco. Former ConAgra Foods executive Greg Heckman, Charles Macaluso, the principal at US management consultants Dorchester Capital Advisors, Archer Daniels Midland veteran Steven Mills and Dimitri Panayotopoulos, the former vice chairman of Procter & Gamble are also set for board seats at JBS Foods International after the listing. JBS, which will retain control of the international business, expects the the IPO to be completed in the first half of this year. Brazil's JBS plans US listing for international business Tweet Sectors: Meat & poultry NEWS JBS names Tarek Farahat as new chairman BLOG Barilla puts sustainability centre stage Barilla's 2016 results statement, published last week, makes interesting reading, not because of the Italian food group's commercial performance, but for the emphasis placed on sustainability achievem... NEWS Danish Crown H1 earnings down despite "record" sales BLOG UK M&A deal volumes slide in early months of 2017 Fresh data from Grant Thornton indicates the number of mergers and acquisitions in the UK food and drink sector fell to the lowest level for over two years in the first quarter of in 2017 - but the ac... NEWS Bulgaria starts food quality checks over "double standards" concerns BLOG Food policy returns to focus in Westminster Amid the political turmoil in the UK caused by the EU Referendum, the resignation of a Prime Minister, subsequent burning debates over the Brexit “divorce” settlement and now by the surprise announcem... NEWS UK's Lomond acquires food distribution business Hall’s Direct Glasgow-based Lomond, the owner of the bakery Cake, has acquired Scottish wholesale food distribution business Hall's Direct.... BLOG Danone closes WhiteWave, who will acquire Stonyfield? Danone completed its US$12.5bn acquisition of WhiteWave Foods this week. The move will roughly double Danone's presence in North America, where WhiteWave is a top four dairy player. ... Most Popular Insights India's new GST tax regime comes in for criticism Analysis: Stonyfield race not yet run Column: Why snacking is the new meal The small can be powerful in Australia - analysis Who will buy Danone's Stonyfield business? News Grupo Bimbo gains foothold in India Little Dish eyes 2018 US launch JBS names Tarek Farahat as new chairman Organic food sales in US hit new heights Bell buys 100% of Hilcona, expands production Market research Fruit & Vegetable Markets in the US - Industry Market Research Report Frozen Vegetable Market in the Top 5 European Countries to 2021 - Market Size, Development, and Forecasts Global Packaged Fruit Snacks Market 2017-2021 Sugar: The Fool Proof Target for Obesity or a Can of Worms? Fruits in China Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join Food News & comment Comment Analysis Financials & M&A Interviews Launches & NPD Food Policy & CSR Labelling & Advertising Food safety Health & wellness Sustainability & Environment Food retailing Retail & Retailers Omnichannel Private Label & Own Brand Hot issues Columns The just-food blog Shopper trends Consuming issues What the analysts say Deal or no deal M&A Watch On the move BRICs and beyond Sustainability Watch Editor's viewpoint In the spotlight On the money Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-food blog Regions Europe North America Asia Australia & New Zealand Africa Emerging markets Latin America Middle East All countries Companies Nestle Danone Unilever Mondelez International General Mills PepsiCo JBS Kellogg Mars Premier Foods plc Arla Foods Cadbury Greencore Raisio Aryzta Kraft Heinz Grupo Bimbo Bakkavör Campbell Soup Co. Danish Crown All companies Sectors Snacks & Confectionery Bakery & Baked Goods Dairy & Dairy Foods Frozen Food & Ice Cream Free-From Meat & Poultry Infant & Baby Food Commodities & Ingredients Chilled Foods Fresh Food & Produce Canned Food Fish & Seafood Cereal Natural & Organic Food Condiments, Dressings & Sauces Dried Foods All sectors Food research Food Market Research Food Consultants About About just-food Advertise on just-food Contact just-food Join 31,000 food professionals who get just-food’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Food Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy food market research New food market research Food sector market research Food companies market research Food market research publishers Food industry consultants Food flavourings buyers' guide Food industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-food Subscribe to just-food RSS feeds Site map About just-food ©2017 All content copyright just-food.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-food gives you the widest food market coverage. But only paid just-food members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Dean Best, editor of just-food Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
