SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Talking Points SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Fights break out at Florida airport after Spirit Airlines cancels flights Will Congress step up after Comey firing? New rebel group threatens to intensify South Sudan’s war Donald Trump pulls a Richard Nixon Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Talking points newsletter Gillette fights back with texts, Mass. Budweiser investigation, more E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share AP Images for Gillette Gillette celebrated the launch of Gillette On Demand on Tuesday in Boston.   May 09, 2017 Welcome to Talking Points for Tuesday, May 9. Boston’s Fed chief weighs in on possible interest rate hikes. Trouble is brewing for Budweiser. Meet the newest wind farm player off Martha’s Vineyard. Forget TSA patdowns, but beware the airport brawl. Plus Jon Chesto checks in with Gillette on its latest move in the blade wars. Chesto means business The nick of time: Gillette was famously late to the shaving club party, launching its own subscription service three years ago after being outmaneuvered by the likes of Harry’s and Dollar Shave Club. But now the Boston-based blade maker is striking back, with the industry’s first order-by-text service. Employees gathered at the South Boston factory today to celebrate by watching thousands of colorful dominoes fall in an elaborate,Rube Goldberg-style publicity stunt. The Gillette On Demand texting service was inspired by surveys of people who bailed on these subscription clubs -- Gillette’s and others. One reason they left: They ended up with too many blades. Cartridges piled up, for example, when consumers took vacations and changed their shaving routines. On Demand represents a third way to reach them, a step somewhere between traditional retail sales channels and the shave club. The biggest knock on Gillette blades is the cost. While Gillette may offer a better shave, plenty of consumers would prefer to save money. Toward that end, parent company Procter & Gamble made an average 12 percent price cutacross various Gillette lines this spring. But will it be enough? Gillette’s dominance in the US shaving industry is eroding. The business was P&G’s weak link in its April earnings report, with grooming division salesfalling 6 percent. Analysts peppered CFO Jon Moeller with questions about the decline during the quarterly earnings call. Launching a texting service might be the sort of thing you would expect from a startup. To compete, the executives at P&G know they need to think like one. Jon Chesto is a Globe reporter. Reach him at jon.chesto@globe.com and follow him on Twitter @jonchesto. Executive summary Rosengren talks rates: Can you ever have too much of a good thing? Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren seems to think so. In a speech today, Rosengren said the rapidly dropping US jobless rate could dip below 4 percent. In Rosengren's opinion, the “natural” unemployment rate is 4.7 percent. We're at 4.4 percent nationally. Rosengren said that this sort of super-low unemployment, if it goes below 4 percent, could trigger inflation. In that case, the Fed would have to start immediate and rapid interest rate hikes get the economy back under control. Rosengren does not vote on policy. Rosengren is not the first Fed president to speak on this subject this week. Yesterday, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland president Loretta Mester also said she's concerned the Fed will have to rapidly raise interest rates to tame inflation caused by a super tight labor market. Brewing controversy:adclaim Power play:  acquired a 50 percent stake Cashing out: are Trending pick Advertisement Spirited airport clash: Cell phone video captured a brawl between airline officials, passengers, and police at the Fort Lauderdale airport. Spirit Airlines passengers were fed up after their flight was canceled -- part of a systemwide problem. The airline said a dispute with its pilots has resulted in hundreds of flights being canceled. Line items Hyperloop wants Boston-to-Providence ride in 20 minutes: High-speed electric propulsion pod travel technology backed by Elon Musk -- BostInno Hubspot and iRobot alumni launch Owl Labs with $6m funding: Matrix Partners leads Series A round for video-conferencing startup -- BostInno Hiring and turnover reports steady in March: Jobs reports show economy maintaining momentum -- Wall Street Journal  Taxes on table to pay for $2b TrumpCare shortfall: Dem leader says revenue may be needed to balance budget -- CBS Boston NBC Universal wins 10 yr tax break from Needham: $2m TIF toward headquarters construction -- Boston Business Journal ICYMI Get Today's Headlines in your inbox: The day's top stories delivered every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Drug test: The latest drug to treat multiple sclerosis is good news for patients. But as reported in today’s Globe, Ocrevus may present a serious threat to Cambridge-based Biogen. Ocrevus was developed by San Francisco-based Genentech. It was the first drug approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for patients with primary progressive MS, which is the most severe form of multiple sclerosis. It also was shown to be effective against relapsing MS, the most common type, and the one treated by drugs already available. While good for patients, Ocrevus’ success poses a challenge to Biogen. Less than six weeks after FDA approval, doctors are prescribing Ocrevus. While not tested against Biogen’s drugs, Ocrevus proved effective in trials. And it’s less expensive annually than other drugs on the market. Biogen’s MS drugs are a big part of its business -- $11.4 billion in revenue last year. Ocrevus’s quick success suggests it will eat into Biogen’s market share. Talking Points newsletter is compiled by Edward Mason. Follow him on Twitter at @EBMason. If you like what you've read, please tell your friends to sign up. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Sensex rises over 100 pts, reclaims 30K; Nifty50 nears 9,350; HUL top gainer Buy Capital First, target Rs 830.0 : Manas Jaiswal Buy Axis Bank Ltd. target Rs 550.0 : Kunal Bothra Dollar slips after Trump fires FBI Director Buy Bajaj Finance with a target of Rs 1310: Dr CK Narayan Buy Century Textiles & Industries Ltd. target Rs 1220.0 : Manas Jaiswal Buy Havells India, target Rs 505: Dr CK Narayan Not thinking now about how to change BOJ's policy mix: Kuroda Buy Siemens with a target of Rs 1500 -- Kunal Bothra Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 09:48 AM | 10 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,102168.54 NIFTY 50 9,36446.90 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 27,970-121.0 USD/INR 64.630.32 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Special dividends hint at P&G-Gillette merger? By Jwalit Vyas , ET Bureau | Updated: May 09, 2017, 11.47 AM IST Post a Comment Company Summary NSE BSE Procter & Gamble Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Gillette India Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES By Harsh Kundaria ET Intelligence Group: Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Healthcare and Gillette India, the Indian subsidiaries of NYSE-listed Procter & Gamble, announced special dividends, which some perceive as a precursor to the merger of the two companies. Globally, all P&G brands are under one company , except for in India. In 2015, Al Rajwani was appointed as CEO and MD of both the companies in India. In addition, there are four common names in the top management of the two companies as mentioned in the companies' annual reports. Also over the past few quarters, P&G HH's weak and Gillette India's strong performance have helped converge the valuations of both the companies which were wide apart a year ago. On Monday , after results, Gillette India's shares traded at trailing ear nings multiple of 59 and P&GHH's shares traded at a multiple of 55. A year ago, Gillette and P&G HH shares traded at 73 and 49 times their trailing earnings, respectively . A similarity in valuations would allow a non-controversial swap ratio say analysts, if the companies are merged. “We do not comment on market speculation,“ said a spokesperson for P&GHH and Gillette India. Giving out almost the entire cash on books as dividends would help make the merger process easier in terms of swap ratio, believe experts. Dividends are announced in May before their financial year ends in June. A merger would help the two companies trim costs of staff, marketing and branding thereby improving profitability . Also with a wider portfolio, the merged entity would have a better negotiating power with retailers. On, Monday , Gillette shares traded at `4,820, 9.2% higher over the previous day's close, and P&G HH shares traded 5.1% higher `7,782. The parent group P&G owns 70.64% in Gillette India and 75% in P&GHH. Comments(0)Add Comments Special dividends hint at P&G-Gillette merger? To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONswapSharesProcter & GambleMarketGillette Indiaearningsbrands Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC NEW YORK How Alarm.com Makes the Smart Thermostat Smarter Alarm.com What were the headlines on the day you were born? Newspapers.comMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 10% dividend tax only on dividend income above Rs 10 lakh Balanced mutual funds with monthly dividend draw big money Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times The Amazing Story Of A Woman Who Refused To Let Psoriasis .. HealthCentral.com Perfectly Timed Moments When It All Went Wrong Auto Overload Why These 10 SUVs are the Cream of the Crop Kelley Blue Book Experience Room for the Whole Family in This Minivan Honda 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Flipkart launches own ad platform with 50 brands Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software Mahindra Finance April-June net at Rs 107 crore Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Bharti Airtel Q4 net profit slumps nearly 72% YoY, Jio free offers hurt; ARPU down at Rs 158 In this IT world, smaller players to retain edge over large peers Techno funda: MACD shows 35 stocks are readying for big rally Taming of rates: A tale of how demonetisation did what RBI could not HUDCO IPO subscribed 3 times on Day 2; sees bumper retail demand More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|AAP Crisis BSE Sensex|KXIP vs KKR Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up P&G leads Warc 100 rankings in US News, 10 May 2017 Topics Findings from effectiveness awards NEW YORK: Procter & Gamble was named as the top US advertiser in the WARC 100, an annual ranking of the best marketing campaigns and companies according to their business impact, while Starcom New York claimed the title of top agency. Now in its fourth year, the WARC 100 is built on a rigorous methodology that tracks 2,000 individual award winners across different effectiveness and strategy awards programs held around the world. The US results showed that P&G, the FMCG giant, led the way among brand owners. It was aided by "The Scent of Success" for male-grooming line Old Spice, which took second place in the campaign-specific rankings behind Apple's "World Galley". Unilever occupied the runner up spot in the brand owner contest. And the strong performance of its Dove personal care brand in numerous awards programs was a major contributor to this outcome. "Though Dove didn't place a campaign in the US top ten, it was consistently recognised in competitions, accumulating a points total making it the number one brand in the US," the WARC report on the leading US performers said. "Conversely, although Apple and Old Spice created the top two US campaigns, these points alone were only enough to rank them as fifth and eighth brands respectively." Starcom New York was honored as the top agency, and credited for a "very consistent performance across a wide range of brands and campaigns". Ogilvy & Mather New York claimed second place on the agency rankings. The top five was completed by Mindshare New York, 72andSunny Los Angeles and BBDO New York. Starcom was also named as the top US agency network in the analysis, coming in ahead of BBDO Worldwide, Ogilvy & Mather, FCB and Mindshare Worldwide. Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News adam&eve is top UK agency News Mobile shopping soars in Korea News eSports viewer growth outpaces ad dollars News Marketers anticipate convergence with PR News VR, AR need to 'win hearts and minds' News Youthful optimism buoys ASEAN confidence News Barbie sees success by reaching dads News P&G leads Warc 100 rankings in US View more News and Opinion More from WARC WARC 100 Canada's best campaigns and companies 2017 WARC 100: The world's best marketing campaigns and companies 2017 - Summary of results WARC 100: Lessons from the world's best marketing campaigns 2017 Get a demo Topics Findings from effectiveness awards 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Consumer Goods Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Gillette one ups Dollar Shave Club with on-demand razor ordering service where you text to order Proctor & Gamble and Unilever both are going after a larger slice of the razor market. Gillette's latest service roll-out includes an industry-first on-demand razor purchase option, the company announced Tuesday. Unilever acquired Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion in 2016. Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 9 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES The battle is heating up between consumer packaged goods conglomerates Proctor & Gamble and Unilever, which are both hungry for a larger slice of the razor market. The latest move comes from P&G's Gillette, which is going after Unilever's Dollar Shave Club by revamping its subscription-based service for shaving razors. The new service will be named "Gillette on Demand," and it will allow customers to either text for a shipment on demand or subscribe to get every fourth order free. Gillette's business has been hurt both by popular startups like Dollar Shave Club and Harry's and also by shifting fashion, which has made beards more popular. In its latest earnings report, P&G disclosed that organic sales for its grooming segment fell 6 percent. Since being acquired by Unilever in 2016, Dollar Shave Club has expanded its product offering beyond razors to include shave "butter," post-shave moisturizer, men's wipes — similar to baby wipes — and a men's hair-styling line. What began largely as a joke has evolved into a billion dollar business. Founder Michael Dubin once said he got into the business of selling razors because he was tired of paying for disposable products in a market dominated by so few companies, particularly P&G's Gillette brand. But now Gillette is striking back. With the new service, getting a shipment is as easy as texting "BLADES" to a specific number. "This new service offers the traditional subscription-only option and an additional flexible on-demand purchase option – with an industry-first re-order process that is as simple as sending a one-word text message," the company said. The company said it surveyed men to find out what they wanted in a razor, and "ease of ordering" was mentioned time and again. Gillette said razors ordered through the on-demand service will arrive to customers' doorstep within three business days, and price points will be flexible and "better than the other guys." Your move, Dollar Shave Club. Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change ULVR --- PG ---
null
Retail Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 10 MusicThe Grammy Awards Will Move to New York After a Decade in Los Angeles PoliticsTrump Will Meet Russia’s Foreign Minister at the White House ChinaChinese Premier Sends Foxconn a Reminder After Its CEO Visits the White House Gillette Gillette Is Betting on Texting to Compete With Dollar Shave Club Phil Wahba May 09, 2017 Procter & Gamble's (pg) Gillette is renaming and overhauling its online subscription service in a bid to fend off popular upstarts stealing market share. The company, which competes with Dollar Shave Club and Harry's, said on Tuesday it has changed the name of the service to "Gillette On Demand" from "Gillette Shave Club." It has also added features like the ability to order new cartridges just simply texting the word "BLADES." It is also offering every fourth order free. The move comes just weeks after P&G acknowledged its U.S. grooming business has taken a hit from new competitors. Organic sales in its overall grooming business (of which Gillette is the biggest piece) fell 6% last quarter because of fewer items sold and lower prices in shave care to compete with Dollar Shave Club, which was bought by P&G arch-rival Unilever last year for $1 billion, and Harry's. P&G Chief Financial Officer Jon Moeller told Wall Street analysts on a conference call last month that U.S. grooming products sales have been affected by "silent trends and by increased competition which we're addressing very explicitly." Gillette, a long time global leader in shaving products, still helps P&G command a huge market share, 65% globally, last year. But online rivals have been chipping away at it. Gillette sees an opening with customers who get too many blades in the mail, since it is hard for a shopper to forecast blade need. In a press release, P&G said its research found 41% of former subscription customers said they've gotten more blades than they needed. Mark Jeffreys, Gillette's brand director, said in a statement: "This new service puts them in control without having to choose between convenience and flexibility, or between great quality and value." In February, P&G announce some Gillette prices would fall as much as 20% starting March 20. The company has a lot riding on Gillette withstanding all this young competition: the consumer products giant bought Gillette for $54 billion in 2005. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Fertiliser stocks soar on robust monsoon prediction Bajaj Finance to raise Rs.1k cr from IFC through NCDs Bullish on two spaces in market right now: Abhimanyu Sofat, IIFL Market@record high: UltraTech, HUL among top stocks that hit fresh 52-week high 'One-trick pony' India worth the investment risk for Nomura Hindustan Unilever scales new record high Bharti Airtel wipes off initial losses despite tepid Q4 earnings Expect double digit growth in consumer goods sector: Andrew Holland, Avendus Capital Alternate Strategies Sensex, Nifty50 at fresh record high; Bharti Airtel rallies 4% Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 11:17 AM | 10 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,176242.41 NIFTY 50 9,38567.75 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,090119.00 USD/INR 64.630.32 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Opening Bell: What changed your market while you were sleeping By ETMarkets.com | Updated: May 09, 2017, 07.49 AM IST Post a Comment Company Summary NSE BSE procter & gamble hyg... Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Gillette India Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Procter & Gamble Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Good Morning, Dear ETMarkets Reader! Stock markets across the world breathed a sigh of relief on Monday after Emmanuel Macron secured the French presidency; Japan stocks hit a 16-month high, Kospi hit new record; but S&P500 and Nasdaq Composite ended flattish while European stocks closed slightly lower. The domestic market, too, reflected some relief, but is likely to slip into the consolidation mode again on Tuesday if one were to go by signs on the technical charts. Let’s check out what all might matter to Dalal Street through the day: Cues from Singapore mixed At 7 am this morning, Nifty futures were quoting mildly higher on Singapore Stock Exchange, in indications that the market is likely to remain rangebound, Nifty50 formed Bullish Harami The 50-pack index formed a ‘Bullish Harami’ pattern on the daily chart in Monday’s trade, which indicates indecisiveness and that the bears are not getting a grip on the market. Monday’s session was more of a continuation of the consolidation pattern with a minor uptick. An inside bar occurred, as the Nifty50 formed a lower high and higher low. Market experts see no major surge in the domestic equity indices in the coming sessions. HUDCO IPO subscribed 63% on Day 1 The Rs 1,224 crore initial public offering of state-run Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) kicked off on Monday, with the issue getting bids for over 63 per cent of the issue size on the first day of the bidding process. Data available with NSE showed that the issue had received bids for 129,136,800 shares, compared with 2,04,058,747 shares on the block. Mega merger on the cards? Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Healthcare and Gillette India, the Indian subsidiaries of NYSE-listed Procter & Gamble, announced special dividends, which some perceive as a precursor to the merger of the two companies. Globally, all P&G brands are under one company, except for in India. Traders go for gamma scalping In a situation where declining volatility and range-bound markets have made purchasing or selling plain vanilla options an unattractive proposition, savvy traders are beating the odds by resorting to the gamma scalping strategy. This is done by buying Call or Put options and selling buying underlying stock futures, or through a combination of Call or Put options. IMF says Asia at risk The International Monetary Fund said Asia's economic outlook faces "significant" uncertainty and downside growth risks from any sudden tightening in global financial conditions or rise in protectionist trade policies. The IMF, which in April raised its 2017 Asia-Pacific growth forecast to 5.5 percent from its previous October forecast of 5.4 percent, said loose monetary and fiscal policies across most of the region would underpin domestic demand. Global markets mixed Asian markets were trading mixed on Tuesday morning. Chinese stocks looked weak but Hang Seng and Kospi were ruling higher. European markets turned a bit weak on Monday whole US stocks finishes flattish in overnight trade. The S&P 500 index barely finished in the positive territory, up less than a point, but it was enough to represent a record for the broad-market benchmark at 2,399, after briefly hitting a new intraday record of 2,401 in early trading. The Nasdaq also managed a record at 6,102.66, but finished flat, up 1.90 points. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 5.34 points, or less than 0.1%, at 21,012. Comments(0)Add Comments Opening Bell: What changed your market while you were sleeping To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Sensex now most expensive in the world Most sensex scrips yet to reach previous highs Expect Sensex at 60000 in a few years: Hemendra Kothari, DSP Blackrock Sensex, Nifty start on a positive note; Ambuja Cements rallies Sensex, Nifty50 at fresh record high; Bharti Airtel rallies 4% READ MORE ONvolatilitystocksSensexprocter & gamble hygiene & healthcareProcter & GamblemarketsMarket Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB This game will keep you up all night! Pirates: Free Online Game Experience the New Geometry of Sound Engadget | Master & Dynamic Content Consumption Predictions of 2017 TaboolaMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Mahindra Finance April-June net at Rs 107 crore From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Cool It: Orlando Water Parks, Pools, and Splash Pads Visit Florida Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads How This Meal Kit Saves the Most Time for Its Customers Laundry in Louboutins for Munchery The 10 Most Comfortable Cars On The Market, All Under $30K Kelley Blue Book DCB Bank decides to go slow on expansion plan NMDC stock tumbles nearly 14% as it goes ex-dividend Nation & World Kotak Bank likely to buyout M&M Financial Services Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Bharti Airtel Q4 net profit slumps nearly 72% YoY, Jio free offers hurt; ARPU down at Rs 158 In this IT world, smaller players to retain edge over large peers Techno funda: MACD shows 35 stocks are readying for big rally Taming of rates: A tale of how demonetisation did what RBI could not HUDCO IPO subscribed 3 times on Day 2; sees bumper retail demand More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|AAP Crisis BSE Sensex|KXIP vs KKR Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 3 086 0,6%  Dow 20 976 -0,2%  Nasdaq 5 678 0,3%  Euro 1,0891 0,1%  ATX P 1 557 0,7%  EStoxx50 3 649 0,2%  Nikkei 19 900 0,3%  CHF 1,0956 0,0%  DAX 12 749 0,4%  FTSE100 7 342 0,6%  Öl 49,0 -0,1%  Gold 1 222 0,9%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Airopack Aktie [WKN DE: A1139M / ISIN: CH0242606942] Kurse + Charts + Realtime News + Analysen Fundamental Unternehmen zugeh. Wertpapiere Aktion Kurs + Chart Chart (groß) News + Adhoc Bilanz/GuV Termine Zertifikate Portfolio Times + Sales Chartvergleich Analysen Schätzungen Profil Optionsscheine Watchlist Börsenplätze Realtime Push Kursziele Dividende/GV Knock-Outs Historisch Analysen Ausblick 10.05.2017 07:01:13 A A Teilen Drucken EQS-Ad hoc: Airopack AG Tweet EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches EQS Group-Ad-hoc: Airopack Technology Group AG / Schlagwort(e): Umsatzentwicklung Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 10.05.2017 / 07:01 CET/CEST Veröffentlichung einer Ad-hoc-Mitteilung gemäss Art. 53 KR   Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches Baar, 10May 2017 - Airopack Technology Group AG ("ATG") is pleased to update their shareholders on new product lines using ATG technology that have launched and are now available in retail stores around the world: * Procter & Gamble, Gillette Venus with Olay Ultra Moisturizing, Shave Gel * Beiersdorf, Labellino | Labello - Raspberry & Apple and Fresh Mint, Lip Care * Edgewell, Bulldog Foaming Original Shave Gel Airopack Technology Group AG is extremely pleased to update its shareholders on these product launches. These leading global brands have chosen the patented and planet-friendly ATG packaging technologies of Airopack and Airoball to create a highly distinctive shelf presence, in addition to other commercial and environmental benefits. Business update The new state-of-the-art plant in Waalwijk, The Netherlands, with an initial annual capacity of 80 million pieces of Airopack, has been successfully built within only 168 days, and commenced operations in December 2016. All assets are installed and fully operational according to plan, both in terms of utilization and manufacturing costs. Based on actual run rates so far, the annual capacity of the current production lines can be increased to 100 million pieces annually with only minor additional investments. The Waalwijk plant is now compliant with an AQL level of 0.065 for critical defects, representing the highest quality standards in our industry. ATG is in the advanced stages of preparation for doubling the manufacturing capacity of the plant to 200 million pieces per annum and asset build is provisionally scheduled to start in the second half of 2017. Outlook Based on the strong and successful development of the current customer and sales pipeline, ATG expects an ongoing positive evolution of Airopack sales and results. ATG's Board of Directors and Group Management remains confident that its mid-term goal of a run rate volume of over 700 million pieces annually can be achieved, compared to a total aerosol market of 15.48 billion annual units as of the end of 2015*. * Source: Grand View Research, Inc., U.S.A., publication date: May 2016   For more information: Investors: Airopack Technology Group AG Quint Kelders, CEO / Liebwin van Lil, CFO Zugerstrasse 76b CH-6340 Baar TF: +31 416 300 800 E-Mail: quint.kelders@airopackgroup.com E-Mail: liebwin.vanlil@airopackgroup.com www.airopackgroup.com Airopack Technology Group AG is a leading developer and supplier of mechanical and pressure-controlled dispensing packaging technologies and systems for manufacturers and suppliers of cosmetics, body care, pharmaceutical and food products. The revolutionary and worldwide and solely by ATG patented Airopack(R) technology offers a safe, all-plastic pressurized dispenser that is environmentally and planet friendly Airopack Technology Group operates a Airopack Ready to Fill manufacturing facility in Waalwijk, The Netherlands and a Full-Service Filling operation in Heist-op-den-Berg Belgium, an Global Research and Development Team and the Airopack Global Management and Customer Service Organisation in Waalwijk, The Netherlands. The shares of the company are listed on the Swiss Reporting Standard of the SIX Swiss Exchange since 2010. (Ticker: AIRN / ISIN: CH0242606942). www.airopackgroup.com Ende der Ad-hoc-Mitteilung Sprache: Deutsch Unternehmen: Airopack Technology Group AG Zugerstrasse 76b 6340 Baar Schweiz Telefon: +41 417663500 Fax: +41 417663509 E-Mail: liebwin.vanlil@airopackgroup.com Internet: www.airopackgroup.com ISIN: CH0242606942 Börsen: SIX Swiss Exchange   Ende der Mitteilung EQS Group News-Service 571679  10.05.2017 CET/CEST Nachrichten zu Airopack AGmehr Nachrichten Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen 07:32 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches (Dow Jones) 07:01 DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches (dpa-AFX) 07:01 EQS-Ad hoc: Airopack AG (EQS Group) 05.04.17 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 M... (Dow Jones) 05.04.17 DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 May... (dpa-AFX) 05.04.17 EQS-Ad hoc: Airopack Technology Group AG (EQS Group) 24.03.17 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack -2- (Dow Jones) 24.03.17 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack Technology Group AG successfully begins production in its new plant and announces 2016 results (Dow Jones) Analysen zu Airopack AGmehr Analysen Alle Buy Hold Sell Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Mit Bomben und Granaten "Konjunkturell sind wir vorderhand aus dem Schneider" Immofinanz: Trendwechsel ante portas Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Aktien in diesem Artikel Airopack AG 9,61 1,37% Börse aktuell - Live Ticker ATX vorbörslich im Minus - DAX wohl vor schwachem Start Zum Handelsstart am Mittwoch ist wohl mit schwächeren Tendenzen zu rechnen. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Suche Beliebte SuchenDAX 30 Öl Euro US-Dollar Goldpreis MeistgesuchtCommerzbank Deutsche Bank AG Daimler AG Apple Inc. E.ON SE Volkswagen (VW) AG Vz. Medtronic PLC Tesla Deutsche Telekom AG BMW AG Allianz EVOTEC AG Nordex AG BASF Amazon.com Inc. Fan werdenMobil DAX: 12.749 +0,4%ESt50: 3.649 +0,2%TDax: 2.148 +0,6%Dow: 20.976 -0,2%Nas: 6.121 +0,3%Nikkei: 19.900 +0,3%Euro: 1,0893 +0,1%Öl: 48,95 -0,1%Gold: 1.222 +0,9% finanzen.net Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Depot eröffnen Favoriten Shop News Analysen Videos Experten-Kolumnen Themen Lexikon Private Finanzen Ressorts Aktien Anleihen CFD Devisen ETFs Fonds Private Finanzen Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen Rubriken ad-hoc-Meldungen Aktie im Fokus Anlegen und Sparen Ausland Chartanalyse Dividenden Emittenten News Euro am Sonntag Euro Experten-Kolumnen Hedgefonds Immobilien Interviews KAG-News Konjunktur/Wirtschaft Leitzins Marktberichte Nebenwerte Neuemissionen Pressemitteilungen Standardwerte Versicherungen Quellen Business-Insider Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX EQS Group GlobeNewswire MyDividends Newsaktuell Reuters finanzen.net Indizes DAX 30 TecDAX MDAX Nikkei 225 SMI ATX Dow Jones 30 S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Länder Australien Belgien Deutschland Europa Finnland Frankreich Griechenland Großbritannien Hong Kong Irland Italien Japan Kanada Mexiko Niederlande Norwegen Österreich Portugal Schweden Schweiz Singapur Spanien USA Researchtool Börsenchronik Heute im Fokus Konjunkturdaten Home Aktien Airopack Aktie News zu Airopack DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 10.05.2017 07:01 Bewerten (0) Kommentare DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches FACEBOOK EMAIL DRUCKEN Kommentare Kommentar schreiben Aktien in diesem Artikel Airopack AG 9,61 EUR -1,97% Charts News Analysen Kaufen Verkaufen Top Themen Heute 10 wichtige Fakten zum MittwochshandelHeidelbergCement schwächelt beim operativen ErgebnisEuropa-Fonds: Das sind die Durchstarter für Ihr Depot! Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches ^ EQS Group-Ad-hoc: Airopack Technology Group AG / Schlagwort(e): Umsatzentwicklung Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 10.05.2017 / 07:01 CET/CEST Veröffentlichung einer Ad-hoc-Mitteilung gemäss Art. 53 KR --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches Baar, 10 May 2017 - Airopack Technology Group AG ("ATG") is pleased to update their shareholders on new product lines using ATG technology that have launched and are now available in retail stores around the world: * Procter & Gamble, Gillette Venus with Olay Ultra Moisturizing, Shave Gel * Beiersdorf, Labellino | Labello - Raspberry & Apple and Fresh Mint, Lip Care * Edgewell, Bulldog Foaming Original Shave Gel Airopack Technology Group AG is extremely pleased to update its shareholders on these product launches. These leading global brands have chosen the patented and planet-friendly ATG packaging technologies of Airopack and Airoball to create a highly distinctive shelf presence, in addition to other commercial and environmental benefits. Business update The new state-of-the-art plant in Waalwijk, The Netherlands, with an initial annual capacity of 80 million pieces of Airopack, has been successfully built within only 168 days, and commenced operations in December 2016. All assets are installed and fully operational according to plan, both in terms of utilization and manufacturing costs. Based on actual run rates so far, the annual capacity of the current production lines can be increased to 100 million pieces annually with only minor additional investments. The Waalwijk plant is now compliant with an AQL level of 0.065 for critical defects, representing the highest quality standards in our industry. ATG is in the advanced stages of preparation for doubling the manufacturing capacity of the plant to 200 million pieces per annum and asset build is provisionally scheduled to start in the second half of 2017. Outlook Based on the strong and successful development of the current customer and sales pipeline, ATG expects an ongoing positive evolution of Airopack sales and results. ATG's Board of Directors and Group Management remains confident that its mid-term goal of a run rate volume of over 700 million pieces annually can be achieved, compared to a total aerosol market of 15.48 billion annual units as of the end of 2015*. * Source: Grand View Research, Inc., U.S.A., publication date: May 2016 For more information: Investors: Airopack Technology Group AG Quint Kelders, CEO / Liebwin van Lil, CFO Zugerstrasse 76b CH-6340 Baar TF: +31 416 300 800 E-Mail: quint.kelders@airopackgroup.com E-Mail: liebwin.vanlil@airopackgroup.com www.airopackgroup.com Airopack Technology Group AG is a leading developer and supplier of mechanical and pressure-controlled dispensing packaging technologies and systems for manufacturers and suppliers of cosmetics, body care, pharmaceutical and food products. The revolutionary and worldwide and solely by ATG patented Airopack(R) technology offers a safe, all-plastic pressurized dispenser that is environmentally and planet friendly Airopack Technology Group operates a Airopack Ready to Fill manufacturing facility in Waalwijk, The Netherlands and a Full-Service Filling operation in Heist-op-den-Berg Belgium, an Global Research and Development Team and the Airopack Global Management and Customer Service Organisation in Waalwijk, The Netherlands. The shares of the company are listed on the Swiss Reporting Standard of the SIX Swiss Exchange since 2010. (Ticker: AIRN / ISIN: CH0242606942). www.airopackgroup.com --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Ende der Ad-hoc-Mitteilung --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Sprache: Deutsch Unternehmen: Airopack Technology Group AG Zugerstrasse 76b 6340 Baar Schweiz Telefon: +41 417663500 Fax: +41 417663509 E-Mail: liebwin.vanlil@airopackgroup.com Internet: www.airopackgroup.com ISIN: CH0242606942 Börsen: SIX Swiss Exchange Ende der Mitteilung EQS Group News-Service --------------------------------------------------------------------------- 571679 10.05.2017 CET/CEST ° FACEBOOK Kommentare lesen Nachrichten zu Airopack AG Relevant 3 Alle 3 vom Unternehmen 1 Peer Group ? Sprache: Alle DE EN Sortieren: Datum meistgelesen 07:32 Uhr EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches (Dow Jones) 07:01 Uhr DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches (dpa-afx) 07:01 Uhr EQS-Ad hoc: Airopack AG (EQS Group) 05.04.17 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 M... (Dow Jones) 05.04.17 DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 May... (dpa-afx) 05.04.17 EQS-Ad hoc: Airopack Technology Group AG (EQS Group) 24.03.17 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack -2- (Dow Jones) 24.03.17 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack Technology Group AG successfully begins production in its new plant and announces 2016 results (Dow Jones) Um Ihnen die Übersicht über die große Anzahl an Nachrichten, die jeden Tag für ein Unternehmen erscheinen, etwas zu erleichtern, haben wir den Nachrichtenfeed in folgende Kategorien aufgeteilt: Relevant: Nachrichten von ausgesuchten Quellen, die sich im Speziellen mit diesem Unternehmen befassen Alle: Alle Nachrichten, die dieses Unternehmen betreffen. Z.B. auch Marktberichte die außerdem auch andere Unternehmen betreffen vom Unternehmen: Nachrichten und Adhoc-Meldungen, die vom Unternehmen selbst veröffentlicht werden Peer Group: Nachrichten von Unternehmen, die zur Peer Group gehören mehr Airopack NewsRSS Feed Airopack zu myNews hinzufügen (was ist das?) Analysen zu Airopack AG Alle Buy Hold Sell ? Keine Analysen gefunden. mehr Analysen Newssuche GO Meistgelesene Airopack News Keine Nachrichten gefunden.Weitere Airopack News Anzeige Inside Vontobel: Attraktive Aktienanleihen BNP Paribas: dailyDAX  Kaufsignale noch aktiv. Tendenz: Abwärts USD/JPY  Ausbruch über die Trendlinie HSBC: DAX® (Daily) - Immer weiter Richtung Norden Rücksetzer als Einstiegschance: Zahlreiche wikifolio-Trader kaufen Adva-Aktien Société Générale: 150% p.a. mit Seitwärtstrend beim Goldpreis erzielen UBS: Siemens: "Starke Teamleistung" DZ BANK  Infineon: starkes Q2, anhaltende Marktanteilgewinne, intakter Wachstumspfad Anzeige SAP - Digitalisierung ist eine Goldgrube! Das Softwarehaus aus Walldorf dominiert den globalen Markt für Unternehmenssoftware. Selbst das innovative Silicon Valley kann den Deutschen nicht das Wasser reichen. Das hat mittlerweile auch die Wall Street erkannt. Der DAX-Titel befindet sich auf Rekordjagd. Immer mehr US-Investoren springen auf. Im neuen Anlegermagazin lesen Sie, wie die Digitalisierung die Aktie antreibt und warum SAP für Trader und Investoren interessant ist. Anlegermagazin kostenlos erhalten Mehr zur Airopack-Aktie Kurs + Chart Bilanz/GuV Times + Sales Schätzungen Börsenplätze Orderbuch Vergleich Historisch Ausblick Chart-Analyse Dividende/HV Realtimekurs Termine Analysen Insidertrades Kursziele Profil Fonds Airopack Peer Group News Keine Nachrichten gefunden. News von Das iPhone wird zum Risiko für Apples Billionen-Wette Exporteure erzielen neue Rekorde Der Dax ist nicht kaputt zu bekommen Warum es auf Fidschi jetzt eine 7-Dollar-Note gibt Apples Börsenwert steigt erstmals über 800 Milliarden Dollar News von Diese fünf deutschen Nebenwerte haben Überflieger-Qualitäten DAX: Kurze Pause, oder Anfang vom Ende? SAP-Aktie: Der Softwareriese steuert auf eine turbulente HV zu - Was Anleger wissen müssen BASF-Aktie fällt: Warum Anleger jetzt einsteigen sollten Zehn Aktien für die Ewigkeit News von Weder Auto, Pool noch LuxusTV: Die Deutschen haben ein neues Statussymbol Top-Investor Mark Cuban verrät, was in den nächsten 10 Jahren erfolgreich und wohlhabend machen kann US-Ökonom Rifkin sicher: Europa hängt die USA wirtschaftlich bald schon ab Diese Bank funktioniert komplett nach islamischen Regeln - die meisten Kunden sind Nicht-Muslime Ein Forscher, der zwei Tage mit Warren Buffett verbracht hat, verrät die Gesprächtricks des Milliardärs Heute im Fokus DAX schwächer erwartet -- Asiens Börsen im Plus -- HeidelbergCement schwächelt beim operativen Ergebnis -- HOCHTIEF mit Umsatz- und Gewinnsprung -- Abgeschwächte Prognose torpediert Yelp-Aktie Starker Yen bringt Toyota deutlichen Gewinnrückgang. LEONI verdient deutlich mehr. Axel Springer wächst dank Digitalangeboten kräftig. AXA will US-Geschäft an die Börse bringe. Analyst: Deshalb ist Tesla nicht überbewertet. Brenntag sieht sich nach gutem Jahresstart im Plan. NACHRICHTEN Aktien Alle 09:00 Uhr DAX daily für Mittwoch, 10. Mai 2017 09:00 Uhr Apple steigt mit Übernahme ins Bett der Nutzer 09:00 Uhr GNW-News: Enstar Group Limited legt Ergebnisse für das erste Quartal 2017 vor 09:00 Uhr DGAP-News: UMT erwirbt Mehrheit an PEACHES Mobile GmbH und baut eigene Wertschöpfungskette mit prelado aus 09:00 Uhr Kemira Oyj considers issuance of new notes and announces voluntary tender offer of its outstanding notes maturing in May 2019 09:00 Uhr Enstar Group Limited legt Ergebnisse für das erste Quartal 2017 vor 08:59 Uhr Bavarian Nordic Announces Appointment of Dr. Tommi Kainu as Chief Business Officer 08:55 Uhr AXA will US-Geschäft an die Börse bringen Top-Rankings Qualitätsstandards Diese Länder haben den höchsten Qualitätsstandard Jetzt durchklicken Bestbezahlte Praktikantenstellen Welches Unternehmen bietet am meisten? Jetzt durchklicken KW 18: Analysten-Flops der Woche Diese Aktien stehen auf den Verkauflisten der Experten Jetzt durchklicken Die 5 beliebtesten Top-Rankings EU-Vergleich der Arbeitskosten 2016 So viel kostet eine Stunde Arbeit in Europa Jetzt durchklicken Investmentbanken mit den höchsten Einnahmen Diese Geldhäuser wissen, wie man Geld verdient Jetzt durchklicken Das verdienen die Chefs der Notenbanken Wie hoch sind ihre Gehälter? Jetzt durchklicken Milliardärsdichte besonders hoch Hier wohnen die Superreichen Jetzt durchklicken Die größten Premium-Autobauer der Welt 2016 Wer holt die Krone? Jetzt durchklicken mehr Top Rankings Umfrage In Frankreich hat der Mitte-Links-Politiker die Präsidentschaftswahl gewonnen. Wenn morgen Bundestagswahl wäre, wen würden Sie wählen? CDU / CSU SPD Grüne Linke AfD Abstimmen Direkt zu den Ergebnissen Quicklinks Aktienkurse Beliebteste Aktien Realtimekurse Alle Indizes Top 50 Tops/Flops Insiderdaten Quickcharts Dividenden Portfolio Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus zwei Welten: Handeln Sie für nur 5 Euro Orderprovision* pro Trade unmittelbar aus der Informationswelt von finanzen.net! Jetzt informieren Zur klassischen Ansicht wechseln Kontakt - Impressum - Werben - Pressemehr anzeigen finanzen.net Apps Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus zwei Welten: Handeln Sie für nur 5 Euro Orderprovision* pro Trade unmittelbar aus der Informationswelt von finanzen.net!Jetzt informieren KontaktImpressumWerbenPresseSitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.netDatenschutzDisclaimerNutzungsbedingungen KontaktImpressumWerbenPresseSitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.netDatenschutzDisclaimerNutzungsbedingungen Aktien Prime Standard:Alle 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z DAX MDAX Dow Jones EuroStoxx Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? Problem mit dieser Seite? schlechtsehr gut Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information. Verzögerung Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH News Kurslisten Analysen Devisen Dollarkurs Fonds Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Rohstoffe Themen Aktien kaufen Depot eröffnen Portfolio Aktien China Währungsrechner Gold kaufen CFD Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins IPO Börsenkurse Lexikon Börse App finanznachrichten.de Traderfox Beliebte Suchen DAX 30 Öl Euro US-Dollar Goldpreis Meistgesucht CommerzbankCBK100 Deutsche Bank AG514000 Daimler AG710000 Apple Inc.865985 E.ON SEENAG99 Volkswagen (VW) AG Vz.766403 Medtronic PLCA14M2J TeslaA1CX3T Deutsche Telekom AG555750 BMW AG519000 Allianz840400 EVOTEC AG566480 Nordex AGA0D655 BASFBASF11 Amazon.com Inc.906866
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman How AI is Reinventing the Design of Planes, Trains and Automobiles Deep learning is coming to 3D design. Just ask Dassault Systèmes. The company’s 3DExperience Platform is used for everything from Tesla cars and Boeing airplanes to Procter & Gamble consumer products. Now, it’s amping up 3D design and simulation with deep learning and GPUs. “What people have done with  deep learning for image and speech recognition, we’re doing to transform how products are designed and experienced,” said Patrick Johnson, vice president for corporate research at the 3D modeling software company. AI by Design Traditionally, designers and engineers had to start each new product from scratch. With NVIDIA GPUs and deep learning, Dassault will soon be able to harness the history of previous designs. The system’s 3Dbots use this knowledge to predict and propose a whole new range of designs in a exploratory innovation space. Romain Perron, R&D web apps and services director for Dassault’s flagship CATIA brand, will illustrate those cognitive augmented design 3Dbots in more detail on Thursday at GTC “From there, you just select the ones you want for faster and better design leveraging know-how and past designs,” Johnson said. Engineers can use the company’s software to plan the ideal manufacturing process and see how their design will function in the real world. Shipmaker Meyerwerft used Dassaullt Systemes’ GPU-powered 3D design software to create this ship, which has 300,000 different parts. 3D Design at GTC The company is out in force at the GPU Technology Conference, with three sessions upcoming about how it’s using deep learning, virtual and augmented reality, and NVIDIA Iray rendering software to advance 3D modeling: Enterprise AR: Industry Opportunities and Technology Challenges – Wednesday, May 10, 4:30 p.m., Room 230A Homebyme: How Iray, VCA, Deep Learning and VR Helps You Experience Your New Apartment –  Thursday, May 11, 9 a.m., Room 230C Cognitive Augmented Design with AI-Powered 3DExperience – Thursday, May 11, 11 a.m., Room 230C To learn more about how AI computing is transforming industries, watch for replays of these and other talks from the GPU Technology Conference, May 8-11, in Silicon Valley. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 -2022 Global Gypsum Board Wall Sales Market Trend & Development Study Next PostNext United States Medical Nasal Aspirator Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Barry’s Ticket Service Announces $1,500 All-Rounder Scholarship Program Landport Systems Announces New Spanish Version of Software Dubai24-7 Gives a Feel of What Travelers Should Expect in Dubai Anthony Underwood Automotive announces it is Now a NAPA Certified Repair Center Anthill shopNplay Introduces Play While You Shop Location RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
DAX ®12.749,12+0,43%TecDAX ®2.148,18+0,64%S&P FUTURE2.388,90-0,18%Nasdaq 100 Future5.672,25-0,07% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 10.05.2017 - 07:01 | Quelle: DGAP EQS Group-Ad-hoc: Airopack Technology Group AG / Schlagwort(e): Umsatzentwicklung Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 10.05.2017 / 07:01 CET/CEST Veröffentlichung einer Ad-hoc-Mitteilung gemäss Art. 53 KR   Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches Baar, 10May 2017 - Airopack Technology Group AG ("ATG") is pleased to update their shareholders on new product lines using ATG technology that have launched and are now available in retail stores around the world: * Procter & Gamble, Gillette Venus with Olay Ultra Moisturizing, Shave Gel * Beiersdorf, Labellino | Labello - Raspberry & Apple and Fresh Mint, Lip Care * Edgewell, Bulldog Foaming Original Shave Gel Airopack Technology Group AG is extremely pleased to update its shareholders on these product launches. These leading global brands have chosen the patented and planet-friendly ATG packaging technologies of Airopack and Airoball to create a highly distinctive shelf presence, in addition to other commercial and environmental benefits. Business update The new state-of-the-art plant in Waalwijk, The Netherlands, with an initial annual capacity of 80 million pieces of Airopack, has been successfully built within only 168 days, and commenced operations in December 2016. All assets are installed and fully operational according to plan, both in terms of utilization and manufacturing costs. Based on actual run rates so far, the annual capacity of the current production lines can be increased to 100 million pieces annually with only minor additional investments. The Waalwijk plant is now compliant with an AQL level of 0.065 for critical defects, representing the highest quality standards in our industry. ATG is in the advanced stages of preparation for doubling the manufacturing capacity of the plant to 200 million pieces per annum and asset build is provisionally scheduled to start in the second half of 2017. Outlook Based on the strong and successful development of the current customer and sales pipeline, ATG expects an ongoing positive evolution of Airopack sales and results. ATG's Board of Directors and Group Management remains confident that its mid-term goal of a run rate volume of over 700 million pieces annually can be achieved, compared to a total aerosol market of 15.48 billion annual units as of the end of 2015*. * Source: Grand View Research, Inc., U.S.A., publication date: May 2016   For more information: Investors: Airopack Technology Group AG Quint Kelders, CEO / Liebwin van Lil, CFO Zugerstrasse 76b CH-6340 Baar TF: +31 416 300 800 E-Mail: quint.kelders@airopackgroup.com E-Mail: liebwin.vanlil@airopackgroup.com www.airopackgroup.com Airopack Technology Group AG is a leading developer and supplier of mechanical and pressure-controlled dispensing packaging technologies and systems for manufacturers and suppliers of cosmetics, body care, pharmaceutical and food products. The revolutionary and worldwide and solely by ATG patented Airopack(R) technology offers a safe, all-plastic pressurized dispenser that is environmentally and planet friendly Airopack Technology Group operates a Airopack Ready to Fill manufacturing facility in Waalwijk, The Netherlands and a Full-Service Filling operation in Heist-op-den-Berg Belgium, an Global Research and Development Team and the Airopack Global Management and Customer Service Organisation in Waalwijk, The Netherlands. The shares of the company are listed on the Swiss Reporting Standard of the SIX Swiss Exchange since 2010. (Ticker: AIRN / ISIN: CH0242606942). www.airopackgroup.com Ende der Ad-hoc-Mitteilung Sprache: Deutsch Unternehmen: Airopack Technology Group AG Zugerstrasse 76b 6340 Baar Schweiz Telefon: +41 417663500 Fax: +41 417663509 E-Mail: liebwin.vanlil@airopackgroup.com Internet: www.airopackgroup.com ISIN: CH0242606942 Börsen: SIX Swiss Exchange   Ende der Mitteilung EQS Group News-Service 571679  10.05.2017 CET/CEST AIROPACK TECHN. NAM. SF 5 FSE 9,61 -1,97% EUR 08:02:32 -0,19 1 Woche 3 Monate 1 Jahr zum Kursportrait AdHoc-Meldungen & Insidertrades Werbung Nachrichten zu AIROPACK TECHN. NAM. SF 5 Datum Meldung 07:01 DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches (deutsch) 07:01 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 07:01 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 05.04. DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 May 2017 (deutsch) 05.04. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 May 2017 05.04. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 May 2017 24.03. DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack Technology Group AG successfully begins production in its new plant and announces 2016 results (deutsch) 24.03. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack -2- 24.03. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack Technology Group AG successfully begins production in its new plant and announces 2016 results 27.01. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Strengthens its group management and appoints new CFO weitere Nachrichten zu AIROPACK TECHN. NAM. SF 5 Werbung Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank |Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! 1,00% p.a. aufs Tagesgeld bei monatlicher Zinsgutschrift! |Advanzia-Tagesgeld mit 1,00% p.a.! |Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Der Markt für Unternehmensanleihen könnte bald gefährlich werden - es zeichnet sich eine Blase ab, die platzen könnte. Glauben Sie, dass es wieder zu einer Finanzkrise kommt? Ja Nein Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
DAX ®12.749,12+0,43%TecDAX ®2.148,18+0,64%S&P FUTURE2.388,90-0,18%Nasdaq 100 Future5.672,25-0,07% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 10.05.2017 - 07:01 | Quelle: Dow Jones Newswire Web Dow Jones hat von EQS/DGAP eine Zahlung für die Verbreitung dieser Pressemitteilung über sein Netzwerk erhalten. === EQS Group-Ad-hoc: Airopack Technology Group AG / Schlagwort(e): Umsatzentwicklung Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 2017-05-10 / 07:01 CET/CEST Veröffentlichung einer Ad-hoc-Mitteilung gemäss Art. 53 KR *Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on * *recent customer launches * *Baar, 10May 2017 - Airopack Technology Group AG ("ATG") is pleased to update their shareholders on new product lines using ATG technology that have launched and are now available in retail stores around the world:* ** Procter & Gamble, Gillette Venus with Olay Ultra Moisturizing, Shave Gel* ** Beiersdorf, Labellino | Labello - Raspberry & Apple and Fresh Mint, Lip Care* ** Edgewell, Bulldog Foaming Original Shave Gel* Airopack Technology Group AG is extremely pleased to update its shareholders on these product launches. These leading global brands have chosen the patented and planet-friendly ATG packaging technologies of Airopack and Airoball to create a highly distinctive shelf presence, in addition to other commercial and environmental benefits. *Business update* The new state-of-the-art plant in Waalwijk, The Netherlands, with an initial annual capacity of 80 million pieces of Airopack, has been successfully built within only 168 days, and commenced operations in December 2016. All assets are installed and fully operational according to plan, both in terms of utilization and manufacturing costs. Based on actual run rates so far, the annual capacity of the current production lines can be increased to 100 million pieces annually with only minor additional investments. The Waalwijk plant is now compliant with an AQL level of 0.065 for critical defects, representing the highest quality standards in our industry. ATG is in the advanced stages of preparation for doubling the manufacturing capacity of the plant to 200 million pieces per annum and asset build is provisionally scheduled to start in the second half of 2017. *Outlook* Based on the strong and successful development of the current customer and sales pipeline, ATG expects an ongoing positive evolution of Airopack sales and results. ATG's Board of Directors and Group Management remains confident that its mid-term goal of a run rate volume of over 700 million pieces annually can be achieved, compared to a total aerosol market of 15.48 billion annual units as of the end of 2015*. ** Source: Grand View Research, Inc., U.S.A., publication date: May 2016* *For more information:* *Investors: * Airopack Technology Group AG Quint Kelders, CEO / Liebwin van Lil, CFO Zugerstrasse 76b CH-6340 Baar TF: +31 416 300 800 E-Mail: quint.kelders@airopackgroup.com E-Mail: liebwin.vanlil@airopackgroup.com www.airopackgroup.com [1] Airopack Technology Group AG is a leading developer and supplier of mechanical and pressure-controlled dispensing packaging technologies and systems for manufacturers and suppliers of cosmetics, body care, pharmaceutical and food products. The revolutionary and worldwide and solely by ATG patented Airopack(R) technology offers a safe, all-plastic pressurized dispenser that is environmentally and planet friendly Airopack Technology Group operates a Airopack Ready to Fill manufacturing facility in Waalwijk, The Netherlands and a Full-Service Filling operation in Heist-op-den-Berg Belgium, an Global Research and Development Team and the Airopack Global Management and Customer Service Organisation in Waalwijk, The Netherlands. The shares of the company are listed on the Swiss Reporting Standard of the SIX Swiss Exchange since 2010. (Ticker: AIRN / ISIN: CH0242606942). www.airopackgroup.com Ende der Ad-hoc-Mitteilung Sprache: Deutsch Unternehmen: Airopack Technology Group AG Zugerstrasse 76b 6340 Baar Schweiz Telefon: +41 417663500 Fax: +41 417663509 E-Mail: liebwin.vanlil@airopackgroup.com Internet: www.airopackgroup.com ISIN: CH0242606942 Börsen: SIX Swiss Exchange Ende der Mitteilung EQS Group News-Service 571679 2017-05-10 CET/CEST 1: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=26ec27d0679301fe63ce8a1daf26a8df&application_id=571679&site_id=vwd&application_name=news === (END) Dow Jones Newswires May 10, 2017 01:01 ET (05:01 GMT) AIROPACK TECHN. NAM. SF 5 L&S 10,10 -1,89% EUR 10.04.2017 -0,19 1 Woche 3 Monate 1 Jahr zum Kursportrait AdHoc-Meldungen & Insidertrades Werbung Nachrichten zu AIROPACK TECHN. NAM. SF 5 Datum Meldung 07:01 DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches (deutsch) 07:01 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 07:01 EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG is pleased to share an update on recent customer launches 05.04. DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 May 2017 (deutsch) 05.04. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 May 2017 05.04. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Changes to the Board of Directors and Publication of Invitation to Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 10 May 2017 24.03. DGAP-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack Technology Group AG successfully begins production in its new plant and announces 2016 results (deutsch) 24.03. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack -2- 24.03. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Airopack Technology Group AG successfully begins production in its new plant and announces 2016 results 27.01. EQS-Adhoc: Airopack Technology Group AG: Strengthens its group management and appoints new CFO weitere Nachrichten zu AIROPACK TECHN. NAM. SF 5 Werbung Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung 1,00% p.a. aufs Tagesgeld bei monatlicher Zinsgutschrift! |Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld |Advanzia-Tagesgeld mit 1,00% p.a.! Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! |Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Der Markt für Unternehmensanleihen könnte bald gefährlich werden - es zeichnet sich eine Blase ab, die platzen könnte. Glauben Sie, dass es wieder zu einer Finanzkrise kommt? Ja Nein Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 47°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Wednesday, May 10, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds NewsFeed with Zuri Berry, Joe Dwinell Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Gillette eyes shaving Club’s market share Donna Goodison Wednesday, May 10, 2017 Credit: Faith Ninivaggi BRANDING BLADES: Gillette Brand Manager Mark Jeffreys says the shave giant is now offering ‘text-to-reorder capability.’ comments Gillette yesterday unveiled a move to upend the subscription model of the men’s shave club industry, adding an on-demand option that allows men to reorder razor blades via text when they need them. The Procter & Gamble division says its consumer research found that men using subscription clubs to get blades on a prescheduled basis by mail — be it every month or every three months — accumulate a backlog of blades. “We surveyed people who have left the traditional clubs, and 41 percent of them said the main reason why they left was they were getting too many blades,” Gillette brand director Mark Jeffreys said. “We don’t want the tradeoff between convenience and flexibility.” Gillette’s rebranded offering — Gillette On Demand — maintains its former Gillette Shave Club’s “set it and forget it” subscription option, but adds on-demand reordering by simply texting “BLADES” to its designated number. “We’re the only one — not just in shave, but in consumer packaged goods — who’s offering a text-to-reorder capability,” Jeffreys said. Gillette is trying to boost its 25 percent share of the online men’s blades market, which is second to Dollar Shave Club’s roughly 50 percent share, according to Jeffreys. Unilever bought Dollar Shave Club last July in a reported $1 billion deal to compete against Gillette in the estimated $3 billion U.S. men’s shaving products market. Gillette started selling its blades online through Amazon’s Subscribe & Save program a little more than a decade ago. It launched Gillette Shave Club in June 2015 in response to the increasing consumer shift to e-commerce sales. “Since then, we’ve learned ... what consumers want and what the pain points are with the kind of forced ‘subscription’ models,” Jeffreys said. Gillette announced its new service with an elaborate chain reaction display of 50,000 dominos that included the first Gillette On Demand text from its World Shaving Headquarters in South Boston. More On: Gillette Gillette Shave Club Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories technology Technology technology Relax: Your Amazon Echo isn't recording everything you say janko roettgers business & markets business & markets McDonald’s adds tech to its menu donna goodison Trending Now Judge vacates Aaron Hernandez's murder conviction Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Torrey Smith and wife pay adoption fees for 46 Baltimore-area shelter animals FDA approves Birth Control pill #HeraldArchive May 9th, 1960 #HeraldArchives This Day in History @BostonHerald… Cashman: Sore loser Hillary Clinton taking a page from Donald Trump’s playbook Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman UPDATE – Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data /EINPresswire.com/ — LEXINGTON, MA–(Marketwired – May 9, 2017) – As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list — which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don’t as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone — offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. „A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation,” notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today’s Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon’s operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix’s domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm’s revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the „long tail” of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience — much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world’s biggest ecosystem for digital content — and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm’s digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna’s traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, „value-based” contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an „integrated delivery network” to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients’ total healthcare. The core business — dialysis care — has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology — while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone’s revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be „insider outsiders.” Typically it’s not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the „storyteller in chief.” That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company’s revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.transformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CORRECTING and REPLACING Formula 1 to Present at the Barclays Americas Select Franchise Conference Next PostNext Worldwide Defoaming Coating Additives Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Search Recent Posts JSR Life Sciences erweitert Amsphere™ A3 Produktionskapazität JSR Life Sciences étend la capacité de production d’Amsphere™A3 Glocorp Net Sales Revenue Grew by 100% at end of Q1 2017 Enterprise Data Center Market Future Growth, Forecast And Analysis Report : Radiant Insights,Inc Global Stem Cells Market Research Study 2017-2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data /EINPresswire.com/ — LEXINGTON, MA–(Marketwired – May 9, 2017) – As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list — which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don’t as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone — offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. „A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation,” notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today’s Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon’s operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix’s domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm’s revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the „long tail” of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience — much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world’s biggest ecosystem for digital content — and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm’s digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna’s traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, „value-based” contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an „integrated delivery network” to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients’ total healthcare. The core business — dialysis care — has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology — while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone’s revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be „insider outsiders.” Typically it’s not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the „storyteller in chief.” That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company’s revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.tranformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Outsell Exceeds Sales Goals in Q1 2017 Next PostNext Kornit Digital Reports 2017 First Quarter Results Search Recent Posts EXCO Resources, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Ring Energy Announces Financial and Operating Results for First Quarter 2017 Steel Partners Holdings L.P. Reports First Quarter Financial Results and Outlook Golden Entertainment’s First Quarter Net Revenue Rises 17.1% to a Record $106.6 Million, Net Income Rises 138.6% to $5.3 Million and Adjusted EBITDA Rises 28.6% to $13.6 Million DroneDeploy Partners with DJI to Bring Complete Drone Mapping Solution to Construction RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Standardised truck sizes, packaging ‘key to cutting supply chain costs’ Mamuni Das comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet “Standardisation of truck sizes is extremely important to improve efficiency and reduce losses. We applaud India as they are considering a voluntary truck replacement programme” Kamal Narang New Delhi, May 9:   Reusing packaging material may be normal for Indian households, but doing the same at a macro level — across different firms and countries — counts as one of the top methodologies for sustainability. At a time when India is considering voluntary truck replacement programme, an India-US task force on supply chain, of the US India Business Council, points out the need to have guidelines for sizes of trucks and also of packaging material, a move which can sharply lower the supply chain costs. Improving efficiency “Standardisation of truck sizes is extremely important to improve efficiency and reduce losses. We applaud India as they are considering a voluntary truck replacement programme,” Mike Mullin, Senior Director, Global Government and Public Affairs, Brambles, and head of a task force set up by US India Business Collaboration on supply chain standards and practices, told BusinessLine. Brambles is a packaging solutions company that operates with brand name CHEP and IFCO. Tertiary packaging Mullin said that the India-US task force on supply chain would encourage India to consider standardised truck for commercial vehicles to have efficient loading and unloading, something that most of the modern supply chains have. This also results lowering their cost of supply chain as a percentage of GDP . Mullin also stressed on the need to standardise tertiary packaging, and shared how retailers pool their packaging material to lower costs. “Standardisation in packaging is important. Packaging can be thought of as primary packaging when products are put into boxes and then when they are put into pallets, they are tertiary packaging,” he added. “We provide reusable packaging; reusing is a higher standard of environmental sustainability. For instance, if there are Walmart and P&G; and Walmart calls up P&G and says they want soap, P&G calls us and asks for a box to ship the soaps and we ship the boxes to them. If the pallets don’t go back to the point of origin, they go to the nearest service centre from where they can be picked up by another customer for use the same day,” he said. Longer life “Walmart doesn’t want to compete against firms who have the best pallets — so they share the best pallets in a pool, which is more sustainable environmentally. The pallets are engineered for a ten-year life span, the plastics — in reusable crates — are also sustainable for a long time. They have collapsible sides, and so, when empty, they are easier to stack,” added Mullin. In the context of logistics, India can learn from the US, the UK, Europe and Australia, in terms of standardised truck sizes, which allows for the use of unit load devices — basically pallets and things like that. “You can reduce costs of moving goods by almost half at times having standardized packaging. You also fill the truck to the fullest,” he added. (This article was published on May 9, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS transport and logistics | road transport | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Ennore Oil Spill Two ships collided off the Kamarajar Port, Ennore, tamil Nadu on January 28. One of them carrying 32,813 tonnes of oil, was damaged and this lead to an oil spill. Watch to know more. more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED In jobs push, PM prioritises solar gear manufacture, drives ethanol blending El Nino fears recede as global agencies scale back threat Women already on maternity break also eligible for enhanced leave: govt Justice Karnan sentenced to 6 months imprisonment In Gujarat, it’s been a week of embarassments for Cong, BJP India set to get higher monsoon rains than forecast: IMD International Court of Justice stays Jadhav’s hanging Apex court holds Mallya in contempt for not revealing $40 m given to children Congress, BJP yet to submit audits of poll funding for FY16 Bahubali-2 makes epic debut at box-office Top Gainers / Top Losers Business Wire TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions Business Wire India TSYS® (NYSE: TSS), a leading global payment solutions provider, today announced it has entered into a definitive a... » Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Business Wire India Murex, the distinguished provider of capital markets and treasury solutions, is proud to announce that it has been named as a Lea... » Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Business Wire India Amid global legal changes which affect the transfer of data between countries and in regulated industries, organisations are grap... » Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Business Wire India Foremay, Inc., a leader of technology innovation in rugged solid state drives and one of the world’s » Read More » LATEST NEWS Oil prices rise on expectation of Aramco supply cut to Asia 4 min. ago World’s heaviest man goes under knife in Mexico 12 min. ago Sensex surges 226 points; HUL Bharti Airtel top gainers 13 min. ago Nifty call: Wait for dips and go long near 9,375 with a stop-loss at 9,355 21 min. ago Taranjeet Singh to head Twitter India 27 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in News PM launches integrated case management system of Supreme Court Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched the integrated case management system of the Supreme Court in the presence of the Chief Just... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo AdTech Shopper Marketing Forum Awards CASSIES Shopper Innovation Awards AToMiC Awards Marketing Awards PROMO! Awards Strategy Awards Agency of The Year Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Tech C-Suite    ARCHIVE Home » Shopper Marketing » Small is the new big (and big is the new small) TracyLocke's Craig Jenkins on how niche is king, and how marketers can join the party. By Strategy Staff 14 hours ago   This article appears in the May 2017 issue of strategy. By Craig Jenkins Today’s technology tsunami is ushering in a third industrial revolution – where size no longer matters, scale meets outsourcing and, interestingly, niche has become king. For upstarts, breaking into an established market is now possible. In the highly regulated transport industry, Uber targeted a specific component of a traditional business model – dispatch. The ride services co. is built around a convenient payment system that also results in a service-based meritocracy (try getting a lift with a three-star rating). And its business strategy has spawned no shortage of imitators. In CPG, there is no end to the startups challenging multinational stalwarts like P&G and Unilever. Eschewing traditional marketing plans, The Honest Company reached a nearly US$2 billion valuation in four years. It went from 17 baby-focused items to over 135 line extensions, including household cleaners and cosmetics. With distribution now in mass grocery, it’s competing head-on in traditional bricks-and-mortar. As more subscription-based businesses crop up, marketers need to find ways to join the party (just as Unilever did, purchasing grooming co. Dollar Shave Club last summer for US$1 billion). With the impending launch of Amazon Pantry in Canada, traditional retailers need to find ways to outpace niche industry players and use the same disruptive technology in their favour. While Loblaw doubles down on click-and-collect, others are exploring competitive delivery models like lockers and third-party shipping services. Across the pond, grocer Tesco clearly wants to own the best checkout experience. Ubiquitous in the U.K., it’s rolled out a “Scan as you Shop” program to over 350 stores – allowing shoppers to simply exit the store and avoid the payment bottleneck, just like what Amazon Go is promising. It’s also piloting high-speed and “relaxed” lane checkouts to suit both the rushed and the unhurried. South of our border, Kroger has installed infrared cameras at the front of its stores to predict shopper volume and reduce average checkout wait times from four minutes to 26 seconds – opening additional checkouts before the chaos begins, but with the same amount of labour. Will the grocery store of the future be one with a much less stressed transaction process? Now that technology has levelled the playing field, established brands have to borrow lessons from the new players. Start by thinking niche: startups cultivate their fans and curate their brand message from a grassroots level, engaging consumers (and shoppers) with relevant personal dialogue. Then, go deeper and larger scale: artificial intelligence and machine learning can be used by brands to execute this same strategy and optimize highly targeted messages on the fly. A great example of a brand that is tapping into this new paradigm is Domino’s. Flagging sales in 2005 meant they had to think like a startup to survive – improving pizza recipes and recruiting consumers via clever social media campaigns. They’re also using/creating new technologies, from pizza emojis to smartwatch delivery status updates, as well as ordering via Google Home and Amazon Echo. Taking a simpler route, Wendy’s is also getting a lot of positive attention for its sassy social media presence after responding to trolls with clever, sarcastic tweets. Even the small things count. Bots and natural language interfaces can give brands personality, utility and, ironically, a dose of humanity. They can identify and enlist advocates who can meaningfully amplify your message, establishing credibility and authenticity. So while technology enabled niche enterprises to compete with established ones, it also allows the reverse. Traditional players now have the tools to behave like the startups they once were. Craig Jenkins is a creative director at TracyLocke. Tags: Craig Jenkins, Dollar Shave Club, Kroger, P&G, TracyLocke Canada, unilever Related Articles The future of shopping: Grocery robots and flowers by mail The future of shopping: The changing consumer Don’t discount the dollar store, and other lessons Honey Nut Cheerios wins 2017 SIA Grand Prix Shopper Innovation Awards: Ikea hacks delivery pain points Popular Recent Featured CIBC drops everything to fly Scotiabank’s democratic approach to the arts The Keg wants to mark an occasion with millennials Honey Nut Cheerios wins 2017 SIA Grand Prix CAMH names Zulu Alpha Kilo agency of record Careers » Screening Room » Reitmans taps into style habits Scotiabank’s democratic approach to the arts Ontario Tourism localizes its riddle Aeroplan targets members’ FOMO Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook ﻿ About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman UPDATE – Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data LEXINGTON, MA–(Marketwired – May 9, 2017) – As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list — which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don’t as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone — offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. „A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation,” notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today’s Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon’s operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix’s domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm’s revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the „long tail” of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience — much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world’s biggest ecosystem for digital content — and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm’s digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna’s traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, „value-based” contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an „integrated delivery network” to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients’ total healthcare. The core business — dialysis care — has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology — while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone’s revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be „insider outsiders.” Typically it’s not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the „storyteller in chief.” That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company’s revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.transformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Property Law Requiring Licenses For All Home Inspectors Will Help Thousands Of Homeowners Next PostNext 2022 Global Texture Paint Sales Analysis Forecast – Market Attractiveness & Development With Key Vendors Akzonobel, Nippon Paint, Berger Paints Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning Market 2017- EcolabKimberly-Clark Corporation, Company three, Clorox, Procter & Gamble (PG), Henkel, Reckitt Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning Market Apex Research, recently published a detailed market research study focused on the „Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning Market” across the global, regional and country level. The report provides 360° analysis of „Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning Market” from view of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries. The research report analyses and provides the historical data along with current performance of the global Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning industry, and estimates the future trend of Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning market on the basis of this detailed study. The study shares „Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning Market” performance both in terms of volume and revenue. Get Free Sample Copy of Report Here: goo.gl/dpftPm Top Manufacturers Analysis of This Report Ecolab Kimberly-Clark Corporation Company three, Clorox Procter & Gamble (PG) Henkel Reckitt Benckiser Group (RB) Unilever Zep Church & Dwight Guardian Chemicals PQ Corporation (Carlyle Group) Prayon 3M Spartan Chemical Company Betco Christeyns Bluemoon Liby Pangkam Nice Group The market research report explores the Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning market across the globe along with major regions and countries. The research report provides a detailed study on each and every aspect of „Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning Market”. The research report studies the entire value chain from raw material to end user industries. The report also shares import/export statistics along with production and consumption for all major regions and countries. Moreover, the research study classifies the Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning market based on major product types, application and end users industries of Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning . Besides, the report also covers geographical segmentation for Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning market. The report further provides production, capacity, price per region, gross margin, production cost, for all major regions and countries listed in report. The competitive landscape of the global market for Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning is determined by assessing the major industry participants, production capacity, production capacity utilization rate, Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning market’s production chain, pricing by each manufacturer and the revenue generated by each manufacturer in the Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning market globally. Enquire Before Buying @goo.gl/0H4W3Z The worldwide Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning market 2017 is further analyzed on the basis of product pricing, Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning production volume, data pertaining to demand and Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning supply, and the revenue garnered by the product. The report provides upstream and downstream analysis covering major raw material used in manufacturing of Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning along with detailed manufacturing sources. The report also shares list of major raw material manufacturers along with their manufacturing locations. Detailed raw material price trend analysis along with manufacturing cost analysis is also incorporated into the report. Various methodical tools such as investment returns, feasibility, SWOT analysis and market attractiveness analysis has been implemented in the research study to present a comprehensive, detailed study of the industry for Industrial and Institutional (I&I) Cleaning across the world. About Us “MarketReports.biz” offers elevating market research worldwide. We have collection of various syndicated reports of different fields. Customers can buys different reports across various categories such as Chemical and Material, Biotechnology, Healthcare, Food and beverages, Automobile and various sectors. Our Website offers safe and secure online ordering experience, convenient payment options. Contact Us Frank Valadez 155 North Wacker Drive, Suite 4250 Chicago, IL 60606 Toll Free: +1-855-918-5551 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +17739042683 Web: marketreports.biz/ Email: sales@marketreports.biz This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Turbine Governor Market 2017- ABB, Siemens, Andritz, Hitachi, Ltd, DEIF Group, GE, Voith GmbH, Flovel Energy Private Limited, Woodward, Inc Next PostNext Hyperbaric Oxygen Chambers Market Size, Top Manufacturers, Product Type, Application and Specification, Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Innosight May 09, 2017 11:34 ET UPDATE - Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data The "Transformation 10" Goes Beyond Celebrated Tech Companies, Says Innosight LEXINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list -- which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don't as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone -- offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. "A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation," notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon's operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix's domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm's revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the "long tail" of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience -- much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world's biggest ecosystem for digital content -- and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm's digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna's traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, "value-based" contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an "integrated delivery network" to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients' total healthcare. The core business -- dialysis care -- has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology -- while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone's revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be "insider outsiders." Typically it's not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the "storyteller in chief." That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company's revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.transformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. Contact Information For more information, or to speak with Scott Anthony, please contact: Eric Mosher Sommerfield Communications +1 (212) 255-8386 Eric@sommerfield.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Innosight From this industry Education and Training Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Training/Online Healthcare Non Profits Engineering Other Professional Services Consulting See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Innosight May 09, 2017 11:34 ET UPDATE - Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data The "Transformation 10" Goes Beyond Celebrated Tech Companies, Says Innosight LEXINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list -- which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don't as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone -- offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. "A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation," notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon's operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix's domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm's revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the "long tail" of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience -- much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world's biggest ecosystem for digital content -- and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm's digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna's traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, "value-based" contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an "integrated delivery network" to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients' total healthcare. The core business -- dialysis care -- has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology -- while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone's revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be "insider outsiders." Typically it's not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the "storyteller in chief." That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company's revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.transformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. Contact Information For more information, or to speak with Scott Anthony, please contact: Eric Mosher Sommerfield Communications +1 (212) 255-8386 Eric@sommerfield.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Innosight From this industry Education and Training Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Training/Online Healthcare Non Profits Engineering Other Professional Services Consulting See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Innosight May 09, 2017 10:00 ET Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data The "Transformation 10" Goes Beyond Celebrated Tech Companies, Says Innosight LEXINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list -- which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don't as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone -- offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. "A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation," notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon's operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix's domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm's revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the "long tail" of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience -- much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world's biggest ecosystem for digital content -- and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm's digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna's traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, "value-based" contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an "integrated delivery network" to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients' total healthcare. The core business -- dialysis care -- has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology -- while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone's revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be "insider outsiders." Typically it's not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the "storyteller in chief." That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company's revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.tranformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. Contact Information For more information, or to speak with Scott Anthony, please contact: Eric Mosher Sommerfield Communications +1 (212) 255-8386 Eric@sommerfield.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Innosight From this industry Education and Training Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Training/Online Healthcare Non Profits Engineering Other Professional Services Consulting See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Collegamenti ad aree di contenuto della pagina vai al contenuto principale vai alla navigazione tra le aree tematiche Go to ANSA.it Ansamed italiano عربي Ricerca search Segui ANSAmed su Facebook Segui ANSAmed su Twitter Segui ANSAmed su YouTube Abbonati ad ANSAMed con gli Rss ANSAmred su Dailymotion News Photo Video Media Home Regions Abruzzo | Basilicata | Calabria | Campania | Emilia Romagna | Friuli Venezia Giulia | Lazio | Liguria | Lombardy | Marche Molise | Piedmont | Apulia | Sardinia | Sicily | Tuscany | Trentino-Alto Adige/Suedtirol | Umbria | Aosta Valley | Veneto Countries Albania | Algeria | Bosnia Erzegovina | Croatia | Cyprus | Egypt | Europe | France | Greece | Kosovo | Kuwait | Israel | Italy | Jordan | Lebanon | Libya | Malta | Mauritania | Montenegro | Morocco | Oman | Palestinian N.A. | Portugal | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Serbia | Slovenia | Spain | Syria | Tunisia | Turkey | United Arab Emirates | Yemen | News Analysis Politics Economy Culture Energy Transport Tourism Science Sport Euromed Environment Books You are here: ANSAmed Economy Festival of Media: transparency and inclusion for growth Festival of Media: transparency and inclusion for growth Day II of conference on communication in Rome 09 May, 20:10 Tweet Back Back Send Scrivi alla redazione Suggest prev next prev next Related Associated Festival of Media Awards: prize for best ideas in the sector Festival of Media, the latest on global media thinking  ROME - Transparency, equal opportunities and new communication strategies took centre stage during the second morning of the Festival of Global Media at the Rome Cavalieri hotel in the capital. Gerry D'Angelo, P&G Global Media director, explained how the multinational is planning to make major changes in relation to transparency. "It is an example of how to raise the bar … that requires time and money," he said. It is an investment "in something that really makes a difference in terms of output", D'Angelo added. Kim Kadlec, senior vice president of global marketing at Visa, instead explained how marketing has a decreasing role in company strategies. "Data and technology are changing the sector, these are useful gifts if you know how to use them," even if today "80% of the data is unusable", she said. In order for marketing to resume its strategic role it must change from being "a simple function" to become "an activator of business". Equal opportunities and inclusion can also be an important growth factor in the absence of rules and culturally bound behaviour that hamper progress in this area. Channel 4 has launched the platform Project Diamond to monitor the level of inclusion in companies. "Our idea is to be as diverse as possible," Channel 4 sales director Jonathan Allan said. "Greater diversity leads to greater commercial success," Sam Phillips, Cmo at Omnicom Media Group UK, said. "Not having women in a company creates a disconnect between production and consumers," Hopscotch founder Helen McGuire explained. The question "does not concern only women, it is a global problem," she added. The morning also saw the presentation of innovative business and communication models and examples of the use of geo-behavioral data to create targeted communication campaigns. In addition, space was also given to the continuing importance of customer relations for a successful communications strategy. "If we are focused on the behaviour of the customer our content is sure to be everywhere," Linda Yaccarino, head of Advertising Sales & Client Partnerships at NBCUniversal, said.  © Copyright ANSA - All rights reserved Indietro Home condividi: Business opportunities The information system of business opportunities abroad Select the country: select... Albania Algeria Bosnia Erzegovina Croatia Cyprus Egypt France Greece Kosovo Kuwait Israel Italy Jordan Lebanon Libya Malta Mauritania Montenegro Morocco Oman Palestinian N.A. Portugal Qatar Saudi Arabia Serbia Slovenia Spain Syria Tunisia Turkey United Arab Emirates Yemen European Union and Mediterranean Environment: Enpi ILE project launches eco-volunteer Med net EU's DAEDALUS project to aid job-seeking across Med Ministry of Foreign Affairs Africa cooperation at Taormina G7 - Alfano MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS FARNESINA'S VIDEO Services Diary Ansamed Partners News from Mediterranean Italian Regions Site index News Politics Economy Culture Energy Tourism Science Sport Euromed Environment Books Events from Mediterranean Regions Abruzzo, Basilicata, Calabria, Campania, Emilia Romagna, Friuli Venezia Giulia, Lazio, Liguria, Lombardy, Marche Molise, Piedmont, Apulia, Sardinia, Sicily, Tuscany, Trentino-Alto Adige/Suedtirol, Umbria, Aosta Valley, Veneto Countries Albania, Algeria, Bosnia Erzegovina , Croatia, Cyprus, Egypt, Europe, France, Greece, Kosovo, Kuwait, Israel, Italy, Jordan, Lebanon, Libya, Malta, Mauritania, Montenegro, Morocco, Oman, Palestinian N.A. , Portugal, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Slovenia, Spain, Syria, Tunisia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, Service Agenda ANSAmed Partners ANSAmed live Video Photo © Copyright 2010 ANSAmed Contacts | Disclaimer | Privacy | Copyright
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Innosight May 09, 2017 10:00 ET Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data The "Transformation 10" Goes Beyond Celebrated Tech Companies, Says Innosight LEXINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - As the pace of change accelerates in virtually every industry, a new study has identified the 10 global companies that have done the best job of remaking their businesses. The list -- which includes celebrated tech innovators like Amazon and Netflix as well as standouts from industries that don't as frequently make innovation headlines, including health care company DaVita and food and beverage giant Danone -- offers insights into how market leaders can sustain growth even as disruption threatens their historically successful core business. The Transformation 10, a new report by growth strategy consulting firm Innosight, analyzed 1,000 companies and engaged a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges included former P&G CEO A.G. Lafley, former Boeing Defense CEO Chris Chadwick, and Columbia business professor Rita Gunther McGrath. Online retailer Amazon and entertainment firm Netflix were tied atop the rankings, followed (in order) by travel-technology company Priceline; global tech firm Apple; health insurer Aetna; software company Adobe; health care firm DaVita; computer and software maker Microsoft; food and beverage company Danone; and steel maker ThyssenKrupp. "A company survives and thrives over time based not on its size at any given time, but on its ability to adapt to disruption and to reposition itself to create a new future. We believe that by identifying companies that are transforming successfully, we can gain a better understanding of the dynamics and success factors of transformation," notes Innosight managing partner Scott Anthony, who is the co-author of the just-released Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press). Each company in the Transformation 10 found a way to create new growth while repositioning its traditional business: 1. Online retail giant Amazon developed technology to streamline internal operations, then turned it into a cloud computing platform that Amazon began selling to outside customers as large as the U.S. government. Since beginning what is now Amazon Web Services (AWS) in 2006, the new growth area now delivers about 10% of revenue, and accounted for more than half of Amazon's operating profit in 2015. At the same time, Amazon has steadily fortified its core online retail business with new categories, including a growing library of music, movies and original programming. 2. Video entertainment company Netflix began shifting its business model to include on-demand streaming as well as traditional hard-copy DVD rentals in 2007. That core business of hard-copy rentals continues to exist, albeit in a diminished state. Meanwhile, Netflix's domestic and international streaming business posted almost 90% of the firm's revenue in 2015, and the company has been producing and commissioning its own content since 2013, another potential source of growth. 3. Travel-technology company Priceline was already the world leader in online travel in 2010, when it decided to provide a more complete service that included the "long tail" of travel suppliers beyond the major hotels (e.g., independent hotels, apartment buildings). To capture that new growth, Priceline acquired companies like Bookings.com and KAYAK, and the new growth business generated about 25% of revenue in 2015. Simultaneously, Priceline recalibrated its core business around helping customers plan a complete travel experience -- much like an online concierge. 4. Beginning in 2007, computer giant Apple moved beyond its successful computer hardware business to create the world's biggest ecosystem for digital content -- and then to build on that ecosystem with new devices like the iPhone. Apple continues to be a manufacturer of computers, but the revenue from the firm's digital networks and related products now accounts for 80% of the company. 5. Health insurer Aetna's traditional model of selling health insurance through employers has grown nearly 80% over the last four years. Starting in 2010, the firm also began selling care management directly to consumers, and health care IT services to providers. Revenue from these newer, "value-based" contracts now accounts for about 40% of overall firm revenue. 6. Software company Adobe dominated the market for creating and designing documents and images, thanks to brands like Photoshop, Illustrator and Acrobat. But by 2008, fearing a saturated user base and a shift to cloud-based business models, the firm announced a new focus on digital marketing and analytics through a software as a service (SaaS) business model. The core business of packaged creative software lives on as the Creative Cloud subscription service, and new growth through digital marketing now creates almost half (45%) of overall revenue. 7. Health care firm DaVita specialized in kidney dialysis, making its money on a traditional fee-for-service business model and becoming one of the largest operators in its field. But starting in 2012, DaVita began building an "integrated delivery network" to deliver dialysis care as well as manage patients' total healthcare. The core business -- dialysis care -- has nearly doubled over the last 10 years, while new growth now delivers 30% of total revenue. 8. Computer firm Microsoft continues to sell hardware and software; its legacy business offering still accounts for about half the company. But, starting in 2010, the firm made a bet on embracing cloud-based technology -- while building up its hardware business. Its Intelligent Cloud business, which includes Azure and on-premises server software, reported 2016 revenue of more than $25 billion, almost a third (32%) of the company total. 9. French food and beverage firm Danone moved beyond its traditional yogurt business to grow a portfolio of health brands, including baby foods and other early life nutrition products. Those newer brands now generate 29% of Danone's revenue, up from just 3% in 2006. At the same time, a slimmed-down core business, refocused on healthy yogurts and other nutritional foods, is still profitable and accounts for the majority of the business. 10. German steel maker ThyssenKrupp, under pressure from low-cost producers in Asia, decided to move drastically away from making and selling steel. Instead, in 2012 the firm began investing in industrial solutions, providing capital equipment, software and services to manufacturers, including refineries and automakers. The new growth area already accounts for 47% of total company revenue. The Transformation 10 report highlights a few takeaways and lessons that can help business leaders respond to market disruption and position their companies for the future, including: Transformational CEOs tend to be "insider outsiders." Typically it's not a complete outsider who instigates the change, but a leader who worked at the edges of the organization or in a parallel part of the industry. Transformation involves two separate journeys. The most effective transformation efforts are not monolithic but take a two-pronged approach: repositioning the core business while creating the future growth business. Transformation can only take root if you are constantly telling a story about the future. To transform a company, the CEO must also act as the "storyteller in chief." That means telling different aspects of the same transformation narrative to all the constituencies and stakeholders in and of the company. Develop a roadmap for transformation before disruption takes hold. By the time the need to transform is clear, it is often too late. Leaders need to stay ahead of new technologies and competitors that can derail their business and act before fault lines are entirely clear. ABOUT THE TRANSFORMATION 10 RESEARCH The research focused on 57 companies from the S&P 500 and Global 500 that had made significant public commitments to transformation. The analysis evaluated public companies through three lenses: new growth, success in repositioning the core, and select financial metrics.  To assess areas of new growth, Innosight measured how successful these companies have been at creating new products, services, markets and business models, and in that process determined the percent of revenue that can be attributed to new growth areas. To measure success in repositioning the core business, Innosight examined how effectively these companies adapted their traditional businesses to changes or disruptions in their markets. The financial metrics that Innosight analyzed combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of each company's revenue and stock price, as well as overall profitability, during their respective transformation periods. After narrowing down to a list of 18 companies, Innosight worked with a panel of business leaders to identify the 10 companies whose transformations had the biggest impact on their respective industries and the most potential to be sustained. The judges were: Chris Chadwick, former CEO, Boeing Defense; Clay Christensen, Professor, Harvard Business School and Innosight co-founder; Scott Cook, Founder and Chairman of Intuit; Matthew Eyring, Chief Strategy and Innovation Officer at Vivint; A.G. Lafley, former CEO of Procter & Gamble; Rita McGrath, Professor, Columbia Business School; Teo Ming Kian, Director Temasek and Chairman Vertex Holdings; Theodor Weimer, Country Chairman, UniCredit. To read the Transformation 10 report, please visit: www.tranformationten.com ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. Contact Information For more information, or to speak with Scott Anthony, please contact: Eric Mosher Sommerfield Communications +1 (212) 255-8386 Eric@sommerfield.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Innosight From this industry Education and Training Medical and Healthcare Professional Services From this sub-industry Training/Online Healthcare Non Profits Engineering Other Professional Services Consulting See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Today: May 10, 2017, 9:04 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business Eyeview Expands into Europe to Further its Growth in Leading the Outcome-Based Video Marketing Category PR-Inside.com: 2017-05-09 15:03:01 Appoints Former Criteo and AppNexus Executive Jonathan Setty to Lead European Expansion NEW YORK, May 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Video marketing technology company Eyeview today announced it has opened a UK office to further its growth, building and leading a new category of marketing, outcome-based video marketing.  The European expansion builds upon a 60 percent increase in U.S. client growth and doubling revenue year-over-year.   "The UK is the 2nd fastest growing video market and we are excited to bring Eyeview's outcome based video marketing solution to the client base,"  says Oren Harnevo, CEO and co-founder of Eyeview.  "'Clients first' is our mission and the demand to support campaigns locally in the UK and Europe make for an opportune time to invest.  Whether they are in Europe or the United States, today's marketers must prove a measured return in sales on every dollar they spend. Our differentiated technology, ability to provide proven, incremental sales for our clients set us apart from competition." Across a growing client base including Fortune 1000 brands such as P&G, Walgreens, BMW, and Priceline, Eyeview has shifted the conversation around video beyond media metrics and ad delivery to proving that video can drive sales outcomes.   With the expansion of video consumption, Eyeview is delivering on the long-awaited promise of 1-to-1 video, marrying the engagement and appeal of television quality video advertising with precision targeting and personalised creative to drive sales. To lead the UK expansion, Eyeview has hired Jonathan Setty for the newly-created role of Managing Director, UK, where he will launch the Eyeview London office effective immediately.  Setty will be charged to expand U.S. client demand of outcome-based video marketing across Retail, FMCG, Automotive and Travel segments to marketers across Europe.  Digital video usage is becoming a significant part of UK adults' media consumption. According to eMarketer's first digital video viewing forecast, adults in the UK will spend an average of 53 minutes per day watching digital video this year, which is more than double what it was five years ago. Setty has more than 15 years of digital and ecommerce marketing experience, including seven years at comScore.   Jonathan has also led sales teams across mobile marketing, bid management software and display advertising, including leading sales and partnerships at Criteo from UK market entry in 2010 to its IPO in 2013.  Jonathan joins Eyeview from at AppNexus, where he served as the Director, Advertiser Sales EMEA and prior to AppNexus, Setty was UK's Commercial Director at Sociomantic. "For me, what is most exciting is that Eyeview has proven that video can deliver on the long-awaited promise of marrying the engagement and appeal of television quality video advertising with data and targeting capabilities in order to drive sales," said Setty. "One-to-one marketing across devices, including Facebook and addressable television, presents a new opportunity for marketers.  As an industry we're at a key inflection point across video advertising, where marketers have become frustrated with legacy ad serving platforms and traditional measurement. Clients demand more creative personalisation, financial accountability and quite simply, results." "I'm excited to add a leader with deep digital marketing retail, FMCG, automotive and travel experience to lead our European expansion," said Jason Baadsgaard, Chief Revenue Officer, Eyeview.  "Jonathan joins Eyeview at a point where we're confident he can continue the rapid adoption of 1-to-1 video and outcome-based video success we've had within the US to brands and marketers across Europe.  Jonathan's extensive experience makes him a tremendous addition as we push the video and industry towards more targeted and accountable solutions." About Eyeview Eyeview is a video marketing technology company and the industry leader in outcome-based video marketing. Eyeview delivers superior return on investment through 1-to-1 video. Through proprietary VideoIQ® technology, Eyeview easily leverages brand, product and consumer data to create and deliver 1-to-1 video ads to every consumer and ultimately drive sales. VideoIQ® provides an elemental knowledge of video variables that powers a results-driven decisioning engine, capable of making billions of decisions each day, delivering the most relevant message to every consumer across television, desktop, mobile and Facebook. Headquartered in New York City, with offices in Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, London and Seattle, Eyeview serves the nation's top brands, including P&G, Walgreens, Lowes, Honda, BMW and Priceline. Eyeview was ranked as the 2nd fastest growing company in the New York area by Deloitte's Technology Fast 500TM. Elizabeth Wynnemer (612) 205-3637 lwynnemer@eyeviewdigital.com This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Eyeview via Globenewswire # 975 Words Related Articles More From The Author Speakers Announced for Brussels Cyber Resilience Summit [..] The Consortium for It Software Quality™ : - Professor Georges Ataya, Belgian Cybersecurity Coalition - Paul Bentz, CISQ Director [..] Tophatter Announced as a Catalyst Europe 2017 [..] ChannelAdvisor : Launched in 2013, Tophatter is a unique discovery shopping app, which enables consumers to compete in 90-second auctions [..] InnovMetric releases PolyWorks® 2017, delivering a [..] QUEBEC, QC, Canada, May 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- InnovMetric Software Inc., the leading provider of universal 3D metrology software [..] Travelers Institute Hosts Cybersecurity Education Event [..] The Travelers Institute : “Effective cybersecurity protocols involve all employees, not just the information technology team,” [..] Amenity Forum: Ban on Common Weed Killer [..] New economic figures unveiled today reveal the cost to the local taxpayer of banning common weed killers to keep pavements, [..]   More From Business NJAWBO Northeast Region Networking Breakfast Set for [..] The Northeast Region of the New Jersey Association of Women Business Owners (NJAWBO) is hosting its monthly Networking Breakfast from [..] Essex Stone Floor Cleaner Announces Improved Website [..] MCS Stonecare are an Esssex-based stone cleaning and stone restoration Company. They have achieved a lot in their many years [..] Nexus Gold Identifies Five New Quartz Gold [..] VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA, CANADA, May 3, 2017 -- Nexus Gold Corp. (“Nexus” or the “Company”) (TSX-V: NXS, OTC: NXXGF, [..] Gifts & Premium Fair and Printing & [..] Survey: Over 90% Expect Overall Sales to Grow or Remain Steady; Chinese Mainland Seen as Having Most Growth Potential HONG [..] World's Largest Gifts & Premium Fair Opens [..] Concurrent Printing & Packaging Fair Starts at AsiaWorld Expo HONG KONG, Apr 27, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - The 32nd [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment Opens Los Angeles Office Corey Langworthy Tapped to Run Award-winning Agency’s West Coast Offering (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 09, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Marking the latest addition to the agency’s growing global network, M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment today announced the opening of its new Los Angeles office. The Los Angeles office opening follows the agency’s strong business performance in 2016 and growing needs in the U.S. market, joining its New York office to provide bi-coastal support for M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment clients. Consumer public relations expert Corey Langworthy has joined the firm to manage the office and provide strategic support to existing local clients. Coming to M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment from global PR agency Golin, Corey brings a wealth of consumer, entertainment and sports-related experience from his time leading programs on behalf of Procter & Gamble, Toyota, Shell Oil, Frito-Lay and Wells Fargo. “As the media universe becomes more fractured and brands find it increasingly difficult to reach their key audiences, they’ll turn to the thing consumers won’t walk away from – the things they love,” said M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment Global CEO Steve Martin. “We’re seeing enormous interest from companies looking to deepen their consumer relationships and express their shared passion and support for the sports and entertainment people care about most. Adding an office in the lifestyle capital of the world is a huge step for us and we can’t wait to help more brands creatively engage the public around their marketing investments.” In keeping with the agency’s mission to help brands “make an impact through the things people love,” the Los Angeles office will provide industry insight and creative solutions across sports and entertainment sponsorship and activation, experiential, public relations, content creation and social media. M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment LA joins a network of global offices that includes London, Berlin, Sydney and New York. “Growing up in Los Angeles, you naturally associate sports and entertainment with the Southern California lifestyle,” said M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment LA Managing Director Corey Langworthy. “Los Angeles is home to a fit, active population and more professional teams, action sports brands and entertainment powerhouses than any place on Earth. We can’t wait to showcase our award-winning creative and deliver amazing experiences to fans and clients alike.” The Sport & Entertainment team is part of the M&C Saatchi LA Group, which includes Heavenspot, M&C Saatchi Mobile, CLEAR and M&C Saatchi SHARE, and will be housed in the group’s existing Santa Monica offices. About M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment: M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment work with brands to help them create impact through consumer passions - the things people love. With offices in London, Berlin, Sydney, New York and Los Angeles, a team of 125 sector specialists across the globe deliver the agency’s core disciplines across sport & entertainment, including rights amplification, sponsorship consultancy, PR, branded content creation & experiential production. Their work has been awarded across the board, including recent accolades from the Sport Industry Awards, UK Sponsorship Awards, the Drum Marketing Awards, the Campaign Big Awards, The Lovie Awards and The Event Awards. Current clients include Samsung, O2, adidas, Ballantine’s, Coca-Cola, Martell, Jameson, Reebok, and BNY Mellon. The agency is driven by the philosophy of ‘Brutal Simplicity of Thought,’ which has been the M&C Saatchi (UK) Group’s mantra since birth: simple messages are the most powerful, making Brutal Simplicity of Thought more valid today than ever before. M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment is one of 13 agencies that sit within the M&C Saatchi UK Group. Beyond this, the M&C Saatchi global network is comprised of 25 offices in 21 countries. Contacts For More Information: M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment Andrea Nirsimloo Andrea.Nirsimloo@mcsaatchi.com or M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment LA Corey Langworthy Corey.Langworthy@mcsaatchi-la.com Contacts For More Information: M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment Andrea Nirsimloo Andrea.Nirsimloo@mcsaatchi.com or M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment LA Corey Langworthy Corey.Langworthy@mcsaatchi-la.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment Opens Los Angeles Office LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Marking the latest addition to the agency’s growing global network, M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment today announced the opening of its new Los Angeles office. The Los Angeles office opening follows the agency’s strong business performance in 2016 and growing needs in the U.S. market, joining its New York office to provide bi-coastal support for M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment clients. Consumer public relations expert Corey Langworthy has joined the firm to manage the office and provide strategic support to existing local clients. Coming to M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment from global PR agency Golin, Corey brings a wealth of consumer, entertainment and sports-related experience from his time leading programs on behalf of Procter & Gamble, Toyota, Shell Oil, Frito-Lay and Wells Fargo. “As the media universe becomes more fractured and brands find it increasingly difficult to reach their key audiences, they’ll turn to the thing consumers won’t walk away from – the things they love,” said M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment Global CEO Steve Martin. “We’re seeing enormous interest from companies looking to deepen their consumer relationships and express their shared passion and support for the sports and entertainment people care about most. Adding an office in the lifestyle capital of the world is a huge step for us and we can’t wait to help more brands creatively engage the public around their marketing investments.” In keeping with the agency’s mission to help brands “make an impact through the things people love,” the Los Angeles office will provide industry insight and creative solutions across sports and entertainment sponsorship and activation, experiential, public relations, content creation and social media. M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment LA joins a network of global offices that includes London, Berlin, Sydney and New York. “Growing up in Los Angeles, you naturally associate sports and entertainment with the Southern California lifestyle,” said M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment LA Managing Director Corey Langworthy. “Los Angeles is home to a fit, active population and more professional teams, action sports brands and entertainment powerhouses than any place on Earth. We can’t wait to showcase our award-winning creative and deliver amazing experiences to fans and clients alike.” The Sport & Entertainment team is part of the M&C Saatchi LA Group, which includes Heavenspot, M&C Saatchi Mobile, CLEAR and M&C Saatchi SHARE, and will be housed in the group’s existing Santa Monica offices. About M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment: M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment work with brands to help them create impact through consumer passions – the things people love. With offices in London, Berlin, Sydney, New York and Los Angeles, a team of 125 sector specialists across the globe deliver the agency’s core disciplines across sport & entertainment, including rights amplification, sponsorship consultancy, PR, branded content creation & experiential production. Their work has been awarded across the board, including recent accolades from the Sport Industry Awards, UK Sponsorship Awards, the Drum Marketing Awards, the Campaign Big Awards, The Lovie Awards and The Event Awards. Current clients include Samsung, O2, adidas, Ballantine’s, Coca-Cola, Martell, Jameson, Reebok, and BNY Mellon. The agency is driven by the philosophy of ‘Brutal Simplicity of Thought,’ which has been the M&C Saatchi (UK) Group’s mantra since birth: simple messages are the most powerful, making Brutal Simplicity of Thought more valid today than ever before. M&C Saatchi Sport & Entertainment is one of 13 agencies that sit within the M&C Saatchi UK Group. Beyond this, the M&C Saatchi global network is comprised of 25 offices in 21 countries. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tmunity Therapeutics Names Michael Christiano Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer Next PostNext InCrowd Names New CFO Rob Lubash Search Recent Posts Global Construction Composites Market Will Flourish by 2016 – 2024 Panama Hosts Forum on National Strategy to Prevent Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism ROAM Expands And Becomes ROAMERICA Oligo Medic Appoints Jerett Creed As CEO Consumer Identity Access Management Market: Professional Market Research Report and Forecasts, 2017 – 2025 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Veterinary Healthcare Market Analysis and Forecast 2022 by Products, Diagnostics and Region According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Veterinary Healthcare market is accounted for $24.34 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $40.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.6% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as food safety and improved nutrition, increase in pet ownership, increasing awareness of zoonotic diseases and increasing animal population are driving the market. However, increasing cost of animal testing, increased competition for cultivated land restrictions established by regulatory bodies will challenge the veterinary market. Feed additives held the largest share among the products segment followed by pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Europe is the leading market in veterinary healthcare followed by North America. Asia-pacific and other developing regions will be the major contributors to the market. Some of the key players in global Veterinary Healthcare market are Merck & Co., Inc, MERIAL Limited, Zoetis Inc, Novartis Animal Health Inc, Bayer HealthCare, Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac SA, Elanco Products Company, Vétoquinol SA , Sanofi-Aventis, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Heska Corporation, PetAg Incorporated and Procter & Gamble Company. Browse a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/veterinary-healthcare-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Animals Covered: Farm animals Cattle Swine Fish Sheep Poultry Companion animals Dogs Cats Horses Products Covered: Vaccines Feed Additives Nutritional Feed Additives Medicinal Feed Additives Pharmaceuticals Systemic Agents Parasiticides Antibiotics Other Pharmaceuticals Diagnostics Covered: Immunodiagnostics Molecular diagnostics Diagnostic imaging Clinical chemistry Other diagnostics Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184829 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184829 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsVeterinary Healthcare Market, Veterinary Healthcare Market Demand, Veterinary Healthcare Market share, Veterinary Healthcare Market size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Cryocooler Market Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2022 Next PostNext Global Mobile Photo Printer Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast,2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts DroneDeploy Partners with DJI to Bring Complete Drone Mapping Solution to Construction Digerati Technologies to Acquire T3 Communications, Inc. Kornit Digital Reports 2017 First Quarter Results Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data Outsell Exceeds Sales Goals in Q1 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Big retailers, manufacturers to clear up price hikes | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Business News Big retailers, manufacturers to clear up price hikes 9 May 2017 at 07:55 3,352 viewed1 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: PHUSADEE ARUNMAS (File photo) - + The Commerce Ministry is scheduled to hold a meeting with consumer goods makers and big retailers today to discuss the product price structure and clarify indirect price hikes alleged by consumers. Deputy Commerce Minister Sontirat Sontijirawong said the Internal Trade Department has been tasked with holding the joint meeting after consumers complained about being charged the same prices for products that are smaller in size or volume. The consumer goods companies and retailers include Saha Group, Unilever Thai Trading Ltd, Colgate-Palmolive Thailand, Procter & Gamble Trading Thailand, Big C Supercenter, Home Product Center Plc (the operator of HomePro stores) and Ek-chai Distribution System (the operator of Tesco Lotus hypermarkets). Mr Sontirat said preliminary inspections had found that certain brands of shower gel and liquid detergents have seen size and volume cuts while being sold at the same prices. "But in talks so far, manufacturers have said their prices remain in the range which was previously communicated to the ministry," he said. More importantly, those products are just on the Commerce Ministry's watch list, not the price control list. The price control list covers essential items for daily use such as food, consumer goods, farm-related products, paper, petroleum and medicine. Consumer goods include detergent, sanitary napkins and toilet paper. The government earlier this year raised the number of products and services on the state price control list to 47, up from 45. Delivery charges for online shopping and counter service were added to the list of expenditures that need special supervision by state officials due to growing usage. The three service items that were already on the list are commercial music copyright usage, storage and warehousing services and agricultural services. The number of products on the price control list will stay unchanged at 42. The price control list covers essential items for daily use such as food, consumer products, farm-related products (fertilisers, pesticides, animal feed, tractors and rice harvesters), construction materials, paper, petroleum and medicines. Listed foods include garlic, paddy, milled rice, corn, eggs, cassava, wheat flour, yoghurt, powdered/fresh milk, sugar, vegetable/animal oil and pork. Consumer products include detergents, sanitary napkins and toilet paper. Businesses making or selling listed products are required to inform the authorities of their production costs and seek approval before any price increases. RECOMMENDED STORIES NBTC call for agency on cybersecurity Gold prices fell B50 to B20,150 Standardised QR code imminent B50bn fund for low income approved Asia Aviation hit by Q1 turbulence Chakkrit out as top man at Treasury Honda tantalised by EV promotional privileges Indonesia tries to lure Thais with twin campaigns New entrants flood mineral water market Most Viewed 20,984 Italian Thai hit with criminal suit 19,005 Facebook to block local content 17,659 Elite card bounces back to life 17,518 Ministry denies blocking attempt in ... 17,183 New Suvarnabhumi first-class lounge ... Recent BUSINESS Articles Tokyo property continues to offer safe-haven appeal App lets visitors dodge immigration queues Product price changes to be reported Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 16 liked & 5 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 13:03 Amlo to seize land bought with Klongchan money 12:43 Moon Jae In sworn in as S. Korea's new president 12:28 Vietnam puts pork on menus as farmers face glut, low prices 11:26 Tokyo property continues to offer safe-haven appeal 11:09 App lets visitors dodge immigration queues 11:00 Thai-Belgium Bridge ready to reopen 10:39 Product price changes to be reported 10:26 NBTC call for agency on cybersecurity 1 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
null
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:04 A.M. ET ING shares up 2.6% after profit report 3:04 A.M. ET Barratt Developments rises 2.3% after 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release China's Baby Products Market Remains Vibrant: Over 4,000 brands from 30+ Countries/Regions to Exhibit at CBME China 2017 By Published: May 9, 2017 10:00 p.m. ET Share SHANGHAI, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CBME China 2017 - the world's largest trade fair for child, baby and maternity products and services - announced over 4,000 brands and 2,600 exhibitors from over 30 countries/regions have confirmed participation to this year's fair. They will feature products ranging from maternity and baby care products, baby carriages, car seats and furniture, children, baby and teenager clothing, footwear and accessories, food and health care products, maternity clothing, underwear and accessories, and toys, educational products and souvenirs. Countries/regions represented in this year's fair include Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea (South), Malaysia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam and more. This year's fair is expected to occupy 239,732 sqm at the National Exhibition and Convention Canter (Shanghai), 7.36% increase from 2016. China's baby products market remains dynamic and lucrative. To address the developing and changing habits in the China market, CBME China 2017 is launching four new zones and upgrading the OEM/ODM Zone: Fabulous Mom Zone will showcase health & beauty, health & wellness/fitness, maternity clothing, postpartum care services, prenatal, pregnancy, and postpartum care and more. Fine Food Zone covers eggs, fresh and gluten-free produce, healthy whole foods, rice, seasoning for babies and more. Outdoor Recreation and Sports Zone will showcase bicycles, inline skates & roller skates, manual & electric scooters, and more. Play & Learn Zone will feature early education in form of play, music and movement programs, playground, swimming pool, photography and more. The new Global OEM/ODM Zones. Brand owners, retailers and even distributors from the region can have business matching with OEM/ODM companies across the world to help produce or even design new products. "CBME China is the perfect platform for brand owners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers to meet in one location. It is not only the launching pad for new products for the year, but it is where business is made, new business relationships are formed and where old contacts are renewed. This is also the perfect platform for overseas brands entering China for the first time", said by Athena Gong, General Manager of CBME. Participating companies include: Abbott, Auldey, Ausnutria, Dorel Juvenile, Friesland, Goodbaby, Guangzhou Aico Baby & Kid Necessities, Guangzhou Eton, Hape, iCandy, Joie Children, Kiddy Children, Micro Trading, Munchkin, Nanchang Liangliang, Ningbo INF, Philips Investment, Pigeon, Procter & Gamble (China), Shanghai MarColor, Toyroyal, Vtech (Shenzhen), Wyeth, Yashili, Zhengjiang Tongxiang Maternity & Baby Products and more. Other activities at CBME China 2017 include: Private Buyer Meetings, CBME AWARDS, Industry Summits and Seminars, Product Design Contest Awards, Innovative Product Awards, Best Baby Product Store Sales Contest, CBME China Charity Program and more. Takashi Murata, Sourcing Manager of Nishimatsuya Chain Co., Ltd. (Japan) said: "CBME China helps us to get the new products efficiently, and helps us to choose the products and services which are good for our business." Admission to CBME China 2017 is free to all trade visitors. Register on this page to get your free badge: http://www.cbmexpo.com/en/article.php?id=151. To learn more about CBME China 2017, visit www.cbmexpo.com/en. For press enquiries, please contact: Louise Kathryn Yu Marketing Director Tel: (+852) 2585 6101 louise.yu@ubm.com About CBME China (www.cbmexpo.com/en) Held annually in Shanghai, CBME China is the world's largest sourcing event for baby, child and maternity products. This is the perfect venue for you to meet buyers, manufacturers, distributors and suppliers in the industry. About UBM Asia (www.ubmasia.com) Owned by UBM plc listed on the London Stock Exchange, UBM Asia is the largest trade show organiser in Asia and the largest commercial organiser in China, India, Thailand and Malaysia. Established with its headquarters in Hong Kong and subsidiary companies across Asia and in the US, UBM Asia has a strong global presence in 24 major cities with 32 offices and 1,300 staff. UBM Asia was awarded 'Asia's Most Reliable Trade Show Organizer Award' in Hong Kong's Most Valuable Companies Awards (HKMVCA) 2016. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chinas-baby-products-market-remains-vibrant-over-4000-brands-from-30-countriesregions-to-exhibit-at-cbme-china-2017-300454072.html SOURCE UBM China Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman China’s Baby Products Market Remains Vibrant: Over 4,000 brands from 30+ Countries/Regions to Exhibit at CBME China 2017 SHANGHAI, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — CBME China 2017 – the world’s largest trade fair for child, baby and maternity products and services – announced over 4,000 brands and 2,600 exhibitors from over 30 countries/regions have confirmed participation to this year’s fair. They will feature products ranging from maternity and baby care products, baby carriages, car seats and furniture, children, baby and teenager clothing, footwear and accessories, food and health care products, maternity clothing, underwear and accessories, and toys, educational products and souvenirs. Photo –  https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509542/CBME_China_2016_Onsite.jpg   Logo – https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509543/CBME_CHINA_logo_Logo.jpg   Logo – https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509544/UBM_RGB_Logo.jpg Photo – https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509548/CBME_China_2017_Hall_Plan.jpg Countries/regions represented in this year’s fair include Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea (South), Malaysia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam and more. This year’s fair is expected to occupy 239,732 sqm at the National Exhibition and Convention Canter (Shanghai), 7.36% increase from 2016. China’s baby products market remains dynamic and lucrative. To address the developing and changing habits in the China market, CBME China 2017 is launching four new zones and upgrading the OEM/ODM Zone: Fabulous Mom Zone will showcase health & beauty, health & wellness/fitness, maternity clothing, postpartum care services, prenatal, pregnancy, and postpartum care and more. Fine Food Zone covers eggs, fresh and gluten-free produce, healthy whole foods, rice, seasoning for babies and more. Outdoor Recreation and Sports Zone will showcase bicycles, inline skates & roller skates, manual & electric scooters, and more. Play & Learn Zone will feature early education in form of play, music and movement programs, playground, swimming pool, photography and more. The new Global OEM/ODM Zones. Brand owners, retailers and even distributors from the region can have business matching with OEM/ODM companies across the world to help produce or even design new products. „CBME China is the perfect platform for brand owners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers to meet in one location. It is not only the launching pad for new products for the year, but it is where business is made, new business relationships are formed and where old contacts are renewed. This is also the perfect platform for overseas brands entering China for the first time”, said by Athena Gong, General Manager of CBME. Participating companies include: Abbott, Auldey, Ausnutria, Dorel Juvenile, Friesland, Goodbaby, Guangzhou Aico Baby & Kid Necessities, Guangzhou Eton, Hape, iCandy, Joie Children, Kiddy Children, Micro Trading, Munchkin, Nanchang Liangliang, Ningbo INF, Philips Investment, Pigeon, Procter & Gamble (China), Shanghai MarColor, Toyroyal, Vtech (Shenzhen), Wyeth, Yashili, Zhengjiang Tongxiang Maternity & Baby Products and more. Other activities at CBME China 2017 include: Private Buyer Meetings, CBME AWARDS, Industry Summits and Seminars, Product Design Contest Awards, Innovative Product Awards, Best Baby Product Store Sales Contest, CBME China Charity Program and more. Takashi Murata, Sourcing Manager of Nishimatsuya Chain Co., Ltd. (Japan) said: „CBME China helps us to get the new products efficiently, and helps us to choose the products and services which are good for our business.” Admission to CBME China 2017 is free to all trade visitors. Register on this page to get your free badge: http://www.cbmexpo.com/en/article.php?id=151. To learn more about CBME China 2017, visit www.cbmexpo.com/en. For press enquiries, please contact: Louise Kathryn Yu Marketing Director Tel: (+852) 2585 6101 louise.yu@ubm.com About CBME China (www.cbmexpo.com/en) Held annually in Shanghai, CBME China is the world’s largest sourcing event for baby, child and maternity products. This is the perfect venue for you to meet buyers, manufacturers, distributors and suppliers in the industry. About UBM Asia (www.ubmasia.com) Owned by UBM plc listed on the London Stock Exchange, UBM Asia is the largest trade show organiser in Asia and the largest commercial organiser in China, India, Thailand and Malaysia. Established with its headquarters in Hong Kong and subsidiary companies across Asia and in the US, UBM Asia has a strong global presence in 24 major cities with 32 offices and 1,300 staff. UBM Asia was awarded ‚Asia’s Most Reliable Trade Show Organizer Award’ in Hong Kong’s Most Valuable Companies Awards (HKMVCA) 2016. SOURCE UBM China CategoriesUncategorized TagsChildren, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Flame Retardants Market 2017 – ICL, Albemarle, Clariant, Nabaltec AG, Lanxes AG, Italmatch, Akzo Nobel, Chemtura Corporation Next PostNext Epinephrine Autoinjector Market 2017 – Mylan, Sanofi, Impax, ALK Abello Search Recent Posts NZ guest nights dropped in March Using Mobile Tech to Fight Homelessness Dr. Theodore Suh selected as Top Medical Director of the Year for 2017 by the International Association of Top Professionals (IAOTP). Bert Fields named “Top Entertainment Attorney of the Year” for 2017 by the International Association of Top Professionals (IAOTP). Knoxville Bail Bonds Company Expands Into Multiple Counties RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi China's Baby Products Market Remains Vibrant: Over 4,000 brands from 30+ Countries/Regions to Exhibit at CBME China 2017 News provided by UBM China 09 May, 2017, 22:00 ET Share this article SHANGHAI, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CBME China 2017 - the world's largest trade fair for child, baby and maternity products and services - announced over 4,000 brands and 2,600 exhibitors from over 30 countries/regions have confirmed participation to this year's fair. They will feature products ranging from maternity and baby care products, baby carriages, car seats and furniture, children, baby and teenager clothing, footwear and accessories, food and health care products, maternity clothing, underwear and accessories, and toys, educational products and souvenirs. Countries/regions represented in this year's fair include Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea (South), Malaysia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam and more. CBME China 2016 Onsite UBM logo CBME China 2017 Hall Plan This year's fair is expected to occupy 239,732 sqm at the National Exhibition and Convention Canter (Shanghai), 7.36% increase from 2016. China's baby products market remains dynamic and lucrative. To address the developing and changing habits in the China market, CBME China 2017 is launching four new zones and upgrading the OEM/ODM Zone: Fabulous Mom Zone will showcase health & beauty, health & wellness/fitness, maternity clothing, postpartum care services, prenatal, pregnancy, and postpartum care and more. Fine Food Zone covers eggs, fresh and gluten-free produce, healthy whole foods, rice, seasoning for babies and more. Outdoor Recreation and Sports Zone will showcase bicycles, inline skates & roller skates, manual & electric scooters, and more. Play & Learn Zone will feature early education in form of play, music and movement programs, playground, swimming pool, photography and more. The new Global OEM/ODM Zones. Brand owners, retailers and even distributors from the region can have business matching with OEM/ODM companies across the world to help produce or even design new products. "CBME China is the perfect platform for brand owners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers to meet in one location. It is not only the launching pad for new products for the year, but it is where business is made, new business relationships are formed and where old contacts are renewed. This is also the perfect platform for overseas brands entering China for the first time", said by Athena Gong, General Manager of CBME. Participating companies include: Abbott, Auldey, Ausnutria, Dorel Juvenile, Friesland, Goodbaby, Guangzhou Aico Baby & Kid Necessities, Guangzhou Eton, Hape, iCandy, Joie Children, Kiddy Children, Micro Trading, Munchkin, Nanchang Liangliang, Ningbo INF, Philips Investment, Pigeon, Procter & Gamble (China), Shanghai MarColor, Toyroyal, Vtech (Shenzhen), Wyeth, Yashili, Zhengjiang Tongxiang Maternity & Baby Products and more. Other activities at CBME China 2017 include: Private Buyer Meetings, CBME AWARDS, Industry Summits and Seminars, Product Design Contest Awards, Innovative Product Awards, Best Baby Product Store Sales Contest, CBME China Charity Program and more. Takashi Murata, Sourcing Manager of Nishimatsuya Chain Co., Ltd. (Japan) said: "CBME China helps us to get the new products efficiently, and helps us to choose the products and services which are good for our business." Admission to CBME China 2017 is free to all trade visitors. Register on this page to get your free badge: http://www.cbmexpo.com/en/article.php?id=151. To learn more about CBME China 2017, visit www.cbmexpo.com/en. For press enquiries, please contact: Louise Kathryn Yu Marketing Director Tel: (+852) 2585 6101 louise.yu@ubm.com About CBME China (www.cbmexpo.com/en) Held annually in Shanghai, CBME China is the world's largest sourcing event for baby, child and maternity products. This is the perfect venue for you to meet buyers, manufacturers, distributors and suppliers in the industry. About UBM Asia (www.ubmasia.com) Owned by UBM plc listed on the London Stock Exchange, UBM Asia is the largest trade show organiser in Asia and the largest commercial organiser in China, India, Thailand and Malaysia. Established with its headquarters in Hong Kong and subsidiary companies across Asia and in the US, UBM Asia has a strong global presence in 24 major cities with 32 offices and 1,300 staff. UBM Asia was awarded 'Asia's Most Reliable Trade Show Organizer Award' in Hong Kong's Most Valuable Companies Awards (HKMVCA) 2016. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chinas-baby-products-market-remains-vibrant-over-4000-brands-from-30-countriesregions-to-exhibit-at-cbme-china-2017-300454072.html SOURCE UBM China 04 Apr, 2017, 21:00 ET Preview: Licensing Expo China & LIMA Launch the First China Licensing Awards My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09 Jan, 2017, 00:50 ET Licensing Expo China & LIMA Launch the First China Licensing... 09 Jan, 2017, 00:50 ET LIMA Inks Exclusive Partnership with UBM for Licensing Expo China Explore More news releases in similar topics Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Trade Show News You just read: China's Baby Products Market Remains Vibrant: Over 4,000 brands from 30+ Countries/Regions to Exhibit at CBME China 2017 News provided by UBM China 09 May, 2017, 22:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman China’s Baby Products Market Remains Vibrant: Over 4,000 brands from 30+ Countries/Regions to Exhibit at CBME China 2017 SHANGHAI, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CBME China 2017 - the world's largest trade fair for child, baby and maternity products and services - announced over 4,000 brands and 2,600 exhibitors from over 30 countries/regions have confirmed participation to this year's fair. They will feature products ranging from maternity and baby care products, baby carriages, car seats and furniture, children, baby and teenager clothing, footwear and accessories, food and health care products, maternity clothing, underwear and accessories, and toys, educational products and souvenirs. Countries/regions represented in this year's fair include Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea (South), Malaysia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam and more. This year's fair is expected to occupy 239,732 sqm at the National Exhibition and Convention Canter (Shanghai), 7.36% increase from 2016. China's baby products market remains dynamic and lucrative. To address the developing and changing habits in the China market, CBME China 2017 is launching four new zones and upgrading the OEM/ODM Zone: Fabulous Mom Zone will showcase health & beauty, health & wellness/fitness, maternity clothing, postpartum care services, prenatal, pregnancy, and postpartum care and more. Fine Food Zone covers eggs, fresh and gluten-free produce, healthy whole foods, rice, seasoning for babies and more. Outdoor Recreation and Sports Zone will showcase bicycles, inline skates & roller skates, manual & electric scooters, and more. Play & Learn Zone will feature early education in form of play, music and movement programs, playground, swimming pool, photography and more. The new Global OEM/ODM Zones. Brand owners, retailers and even distributors from the region can have business matching with OEM/ODM companies across the world to help produce or even design new products. "CBME China is the perfect platform for brand owners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers to meet in one location. It is not only the launching pad for new products for the year, but it is where business is made, new business relationships are formed and where old contacts are renewed. This is also the perfect platform for overseas brands entering China for the first time", said by Athena Gong, General Manager of CBME. Participating companies include: Abbott, Auldey, Ausnutria, Dorel Juvenile, Friesland, Goodbaby, Guangzhou Aico Baby & Kid Necessities, Guangzhou Eton, Hape, iCandy, Joie Children, Kiddy Children, Micro Trading, Munchkin, Nanchang Liangliang, Ningbo INF, Philips Investment, Pigeon, Procter & Gamble (China), Shanghai MarColor, Toyroyal, Vtech (Shenzhen), Wyeth, Yashili, Zhengjiang Tongxiang Maternity & Baby Products and more. Other activities at CBME China 2017 include: Private Buyer Meetings, CBME AWARDS, Industry Summits and Seminars, Product Design Contest Awards, Innovative Product Awards, Best Baby Product Store Sales Contest, CBME China Charity Program and more. Takashi Murata, Sourcing Manager of Nishimatsuya Chain Co., Ltd. (Japan) said: "CBME China helps us to get the new products efficiently, and helps us to choose the products and services which are good for our business." Admission to CBME China 2017 is free to all trade visitors. Register on this page to get your free badge: http://www.cbmexpo.com/en/article.php?id=151. To learn more about CBME China 2017, visit www.cbmexpo.com/en. For press enquiries, please contact: Louise Kathryn Yu Marketing Director Tel: (+852) 2585 6101 louise.yu@ubm.com About CBME China (www.cbmexpo.com/en) Held annually in Shanghai, CBME China is the world's largest sourcing event for baby, child and maternity products. This is the perfect venue for you to meet buyers, manufacturers, distributors and suppliers in the industry. About UBM Asia (www.ubmasia.com) Owned by UBM plc listed on the London Stock Exchange, UBM Asia is the largest trade show organiser in Asia and the largest commercial organiser in China, India, Thailand and Malaysia. Established with its headquarters in Hong Kong and subsidiary companies across Asia and in the US, UBM Asia has a strong global presence in 24 major cities with 32 offices and 1,300 staff. UBM Asia was awarded 'Asia's Most Reliable Trade Show Organizer Award' in Hong Kong's Most Valuable Companies Awards (HKMVCA) 2016. SOURCE UBM China CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Te Papa to Sign MOU with Circa Theatre Next PostNext FDA Accepts Aclaris Therapeutics’ New Drug Application for Topical Treatment of Seborrheic Keratosis, a Common Skin Condition Search Recent Posts An age-old problem: age bias in talent management Master Capital Solutions Announces New Loan Services Worldwide Master Capital Solutions Announces New Loan Services Worldwide GETTY RESEARCH INSTITUTE DIRECTOR THOMAS W. GAEHTGENS TO RETIRE IN 2018 Deitz Court Reporting Has Emerged as An Industry Leader for Court Reporting in The United States RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman China’s Baby Products Market Remains Vibrant: Over 4,000 brands from 30+ Countries/Regions to Exhibit at CBME China 2017 SHANGHAI, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CBME China 2017 - the world's largest trade fair for child, baby and maternity products and services - announced over 4,000 brands and 2,600 exhibitors from over 30 countries/regions have confirmed participation to this year's fair. They will feature products ranging from maternity and baby care products, baby carriages, car seats and furniture, children, baby and teenager clothing, footwear and accessories, food and health care products, maternity clothing, underwear and accessories, and toys, educational products and souvenirs.       Countries/regions represented in this year's fair include Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea (South), Malaysia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam and more. This year's fair is expected to occupy 239,732 sqm at the National Exhibition and Convention Canter (Shanghai), 7.36% increase from 2016. China's baby products market remains dynamic and lucrative. To address the developing and changing habits in the China market, CBME China 2017 is launching four new zones and upgrading the OEM/ODM Zone: Fabulous Mom Zone will showcase health & beauty, health & wellness/fitness, maternity clothing, postpartum care services, prenatal, pregnancy, and postpartum care and more. Fine Food Zone covers eggs, fresh and gluten-free produce, healthy whole foods, rice, seasoning for babies and more. Outdoor Recreation and Sports Zone will showcase bicycles, inline skates & roller skates, manual & electric scooters, and more. Play & Learn Zone will feature early education in form of play, music and movement programs, playground, swimming pool, photography and more. The new Global OEM/ODM Zones. Brand owners, retailers and even distributors from the region can have business matching with OEM/ODM companies across the world to help produce or even design new products. "CBME China is the perfect platform for brand owners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers to meet in one location. It is not only the launching pad for new products for the year, but it is where business is made, new business relationships are formed and where old contacts are renewed. This is also the perfect platform for overseas brands entering China for the first time", said by Athena Gong, General Manager of CBME. Participating companies include: Abbott, Auldey, Ausnutria, Dorel Juvenile, Friesland, Goodbaby, Guangzhou Aico Baby & Kid Necessities, Guangzhou Eton, Hape, iCandy, Joie Children, Kiddy Children, Micro Trading, Munchkin, Nanchang Liangliang, Ningbo INF, Philips Investment, Pigeon, Procter & Gamble (China), Shanghai MarColor, Toyroyal, Vtech (Shenzhen), Wyeth, Yashili, Zhengjiang Tongxiang Maternity & Baby Products and more. Other activities at CBME China 2017 include: Private Buyer Meetings, CBME AWARDS, Industry Summits and Seminars, Product Design Contest Awards, Innovative Product Awards, Best Baby Product Store Sales Contest, CBME China Charity Program and more. Takashi Murata, Sourcing Manager of Nishimatsuya Chain Co., Ltd. (Japan) said: "CBME China helps us to get the new products efficiently, and helps us to choose the products and services which are good for our business." Admission to CBME China 2017 is free to all trade visitors. Register on this page to get your free badge: http://www.cbmexpo.com/en/article.php?id=151. To learn more about CBME China 2017, visit www.cbmexpo.com/en. For press enquiries, please contact: Louise Kathryn Yu Marketing Director Tel: (+852) 2585 6101 louise.yu@ubm.com About CBME China (www.cbmexpo.com/en) Held annually in Shanghai, CBME China is the world's largest sourcing event for baby, child and maternity products. This is the perfect venue for you to meet buyers, manufacturers, distributors and suppliers in the industry. About UBM Asia (www.ubmasia.com) Owned by UBM plc listed on the London Stock Exchange, UBM Asia is the largest trade show organiser in Asia and the largest commercial organiser in China, India, Thailand and Malaysia. Established with its headquarters in Hong Kong and subsidiary companies across Asia and in the US, UBM Asia has a strong global presence in 24 major cities with 32 offices and 1,300 staff. UBM Asia was awarded 'Asia's Most Reliable Trade Show Organizer Award' in Hong Kong's Most Valuable Companies Awards (HKMVCA) 2016. Photo - https://photos.prnasia.com/prnh/20170509/1846777-1-a Photo - https://photos.prnasia.com/prnh/20170509/1846777-1-b Logo - https://photos.prnasia.com/prnh/20170509/1846777-1LOGO Logo - https://photos.prnasia.com/prnh/20170509/1846777-1 CategoriesUncategorized TagsChildren-Related News, Household Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Te Papa to Sign MOU with Circa Theatre Next PostNext FDA Accepts Aclaris Therapeutics’ New Drug Application for Topical Treatment of Seborrheic Keratosis, a Common Skin Condition Search Recent Posts An age-old problem: age bias in talent management Master Capital Solutions Announces New Loan Services Worldwide Master Capital Solutions Announces New Loan Services Worldwide GETTY RESEARCH INSTITUTE DIRECTOR THOMAS W. GAEHTGENS TO RETIRE IN 2018 Deitz Court Reporting Has Emerged as An Industry Leader for Court Reporting in The United States RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women China's Baby Products Market Remains Vibrant: Over 4,000 brands from 30+ Countries/Regions to Exhibit at CBME China 2017 News provided by UBM China 03:00 BST Share this article SHANGHAI, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CBME China 2017 - the world's largest trade fair for child, baby and maternity products and services - announced over 4,000 brands and 2,600 exhibitors from over 30 countries/regions have confirmed participation to this year's fair. They will feature products ranging from maternity and baby care products, baby carriages, car seats and furniture, children, baby and teenager clothing, footwear and accessories, food and health care products, maternity clothing, underwear and accessories, and toys, educational products and souvenirs. Photo -  https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509542/CBME_China_2016_Onsite.jpg   Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509543/CBME_CHINA_logo_Logo.jpg   Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509544/UBM_RGB_Logo.jpg Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509548/CBME_China_2017_Hall_Plan.jpg Countries/regions represented in this year's fair include Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea (South), Malaysia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Vietnam and more. This year's fair is expected to occupy 239,732 sqm at the National Exhibition and Convention Canter (Shanghai), 7.36% increase from 2016. China's baby products market remains dynamic and lucrative. To address the developing and changing habits in the China market, CBME China 2017 is launching four new zones and upgrading the OEM/ODM Zone: Fabulous Mom Zone will showcase health & beauty, health & wellness/fitness, maternity clothing, postpartum care services, prenatal, pregnancy, and postpartum care and more. Fine Food Zone covers eggs, fresh and gluten-free produce, healthy whole foods, rice, seasoning for babies and more. Outdoor Recreation and Sports Zone will showcase bicycles, inline skates & roller skates, manual & electric scooters, and more. Play & Learn Zone will feature early education in form of play, music and movement programs, playground, swimming pool, photography and more. The new Global OEM/ODM Zones. Brand owners, retailers and even distributors from the region can have business matching with OEM/ODM companies across the world to help produce or even design new products. "CBME China is the perfect platform for brand owners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers to meet in one location. It is not only the launching pad for new products for the year, but it is where business is made, new business relationships are formed and where old contacts are renewed. This is also the perfect platform for overseas brands entering China for the first time", said by Athena Gong, General Manager of CBME. Participating companies include: Abbott, Auldey, Ausnutria, Dorel Juvenile, Friesland, Goodbaby, Guangzhou Aico Baby & Kid Necessities, Guangzhou Eton, Hape, iCandy, Joie Children, Kiddy Children, Micro Trading, Munchkin, Nanchang Liangliang, Ningbo INF, Philips Investment, Pigeon, Procter & Gamble (China), Shanghai MarColor, Toyroyal, Vtech (Shenzhen), Wyeth, Yashili, Zhengjiang Tongxiang Maternity & Baby Products and more. Other activities at CBME China 2017 include: Private Buyer Meetings, CBME AWARDS, Industry Summits and Seminars, Product Design Contest Awards, Innovative Product Awards, Best Baby Product Store Sales Contest, CBME China Charity Program and more. Takashi Murata, Sourcing Manager of Nishimatsuya Chain Co., Ltd. (Japan) said: "CBME China helps us to get the new products efficiently, and helps us to choose the products and services which are good for our business." Admission to CBME China 2017 is free to all trade visitors. Register on this page to get your free badge: http://www.cbmexpo.com/en/article.php?id=151. To learn more about CBME China 2017, visit www.cbmexpo.com/en. For press enquiries, please contact: Louise Kathryn Yu Marketing Director Tel: (+852) 2585 6101 louise.yu@ubm.com About CBME China (www.cbmexpo.com/en) Held annually in Shanghai, CBME China is the world's largest sourcing event for baby, child and maternity products. This is the perfect venue for you to meet buyers, manufacturers, distributors and suppliers in the industry. About UBM Asia (www.ubmasia.com) Owned by UBM plc listed on the London Stock Exchange, UBM Asia is the largest trade show organiser in Asia and the largest commercial organiser in China, India, Thailand and Malaysia. Established with its headquarters in Hong Kong and subsidiary companies across Asia and in the US, UBM Asia has a strong global presence in 24 major cities with 32 offices and 1,300 staff. UBM Asia was awarded 'Asia's Most Reliable Trade Show Organizer Award' in Hong Kong's Most Valuable Companies Awards (HKMVCA) 2016. SOURCE UBM China 05 Apr, 2017, 02:00 BST Preview: Licensing Expo China & LIMA Launch the First China Licensing Awards My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 05 Dec, 2016, 12:08 GMTCBME China Charity Program 2016 Raises Over US$42,000 for China's... 05 Apr, 2017, 02:00 BSTLicensing Expo China & LIMA Launch the First China Licensing... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Trade Show News You just read: China's Baby Products Market Remains Vibrant: Over 4,000 brands from 30+ Countries/Regions to Exhibit at CBME China 2017 News provided by UBM China 03:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
ADDING MULTIMEDIA Dawn and Whitney Port Take Dish Soap Beyond the Sink The Mom-to-Be and Lifestyle Expert Shares Her Hacks for Using Dawn in Unexpected Ways around the Home Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning jewelry, at an event in New York, Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning jewelry, at an event in New York, Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares her top home life hacks and the many ways to use Dawn dish soap in the kitchen and beyond, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares her top home life hacks and the many ways to use Dawn dish soap in the kitchen and beyond, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning makeup brushes, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares her top home life hacks and the many ways to use Dawn dish soap in the kitchen and beyond, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning makeup brushes, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 09, 2017 06:36 PM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--When it comes to cleaning, most people don’t realize the multi-purpose magic that Dawn dish soap can perform. It not only cuts through grease in the sink, but it’s also the ultimate secret weapon for cleaning a variety of things throughout your home. To help illustrate this, the Dawn brand has teamed up with Whitney Port to offer tips, tricks and hacks for using Dawn all around the house. “I love that Dawn can be used outside of the kitchen,” said Whitney Port. “I am always looking to simplify my life, so the idea of a multi-purpose dish soap is perfect. I actually keep my jewelry sparkling by concocting a cleaning solution with Dawn! I mix a bit of Dawn with warm water and let my rings soak for two minutes and then I gently scrub and rinse… they come out looking all shiny and new.” A soon-to-be mom, television personality, fashion designer and author, Whitney Port came into the spotlight after being cast in the reality television series “The Hills” and "The City" which chronicled the personal and professional life of Port. Just over ten years since the show’s premier, Whitney Port has become synonymous with chic California style and design. Whitney Port is not the only one looking to repurpose products already in her cleaning supply cabinet. 61% of Americans use dish soap for other purposes besides cleaning dishes and 31% of Americans think grease stains on clothes are the worst grease mess to clean beyond the sink. Dawn is perfect for pre-treating laundry stains as well as cleaning kitchen surfaces, hand tools, jewelry and even makeup brushes because it’s designed to cut grease and get rid of dirt fast. Thanks to its powerful formula, Dawn cleans three times more greasy dishes in every drop than its non-concentrated competitor. For more information about the Dawn family of products, visit www.dawn-dish.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ADDING MULTIMEDIA Dawn and Whitney Port Take Dish Soap Beyond the Sink CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–When it comes to cleaning, most people don’t realize the multi-purpose magic that Dawn dish soap can perform. It not only cuts through grease in the sink, but it’s also the ultimate secret weapon for cleaning a variety of things throughout your home. To help illustrate this, the Dawn brand has teamed up with Whitney Port to offer tips, tricks and hacks for using Dawn all around the house. “I love that Dawn can be used outside of the kitchen,” said Whitney Port. “I am always looking to simplify my life, so the idea of a multi-purpose dish soap is perfect. I actually keep my jewelry sparkling by concocting a cleaning solution with Dawn! I mix a bit of Dawn with warm water and let my rings soak for two minutes and then I gently scrub and rinse… they come out looking all shiny and new.” A soon-to-be mom, television personality, fashion designer and author, Whitney Port came into the spotlight after being cast in the reality television series “The Hills” and „The City” which chronicled the personal and professional life of Port. Just over ten years since the show’s premier, Whitney Port has become synonymous with chic California style and design. Whitney Port is not the only one looking to repurpose products already in her cleaning supply cabinet. 61% of Americans use dish soap for other purposes besides cleaning dishes and 31% of Americans think grease stains on clothes are the worst grease mess to clean beyond the sink. Dawn is perfect for pre-treating laundry stains as well as cleaning kitchen surfaces, hand tools, jewelry and even makeup brushes because it’s designed to cut grease and get rid of dirt fast. Thanks to its powerful formula, Dawn cleans three times more greasy dishes in every drop than its non-concentrated competitor. For more information about the Dawn family of products, visit www.dawn-dish.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Q&A: Exposing the realities of eviction Next PostNext Utility-scale solar has grown rapidly over the past five years Search Recent Posts COMMONWEALTH TRANSPORTATION BOARD SEEKS INPUT ON PROJECTS – The public is invited to provide their feedback on projects that are scored and recommended for funding “ROAD WORK AHEAD” TRAINING SYMPOSIUM PROPELS DBE FIRMS – The Virginia Department of Transportation promotes partnerships to create contract opportunities Global Ursodeoxycholic Acid Market 2017 – Zhangshanbelling, Suzhou Tianlu West Corporation Enters Into Definitive Agreement to be Acquired by Certain Funds Affiliated With Apollo Global Management for $23.50 per share in Cash Global Shower Cubicles Market 2017 – Roda, Ritec, Porcelanosa RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
ADDING MULTIMEDIA Dawn and Whitney Port Take Dish Soap Beyond the Sink The Mom-to-Be and Lifestyle Expert Shares Her Hacks for Using Dawn in Unexpected Ways around the Home Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning jewelry, at an event in New York, Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning jewelry, at an event in New York, Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares her top home life hacks and the many ways to use Dawn dish soap in the kitchen and beyond, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares her top home life hacks and the many ways to use Dawn dish soap in the kitchen and beyond, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning makeup brushes, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares her top home life hacks and the many ways to use Dawn dish soap in the kitchen and beyond, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning makeup brushes, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 09, 2017 06:36 PM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--When it comes to cleaning, most people don’t realize the multi-purpose magic that Dawn dish soap can perform. It not only cuts through grease in the sink, but it’s also the ultimate secret weapon for cleaning a variety of things throughout your home. To help illustrate this, the Dawn brand has teamed up with Whitney Port to offer tips, tricks and hacks for using Dawn all around the house. “I love that Dawn can be used outside of the kitchen,” said Whitney Port. “I am always looking to simplify my life, so the idea of a multi-purpose dish soap is perfect. I actually keep my jewelry sparkling by concocting a cleaning solution with Dawn! I mix a bit of Dawn with warm water and let my rings soak for two minutes and then I gently scrub and rinse… they come out looking all shiny and new.” A soon-to-be mom, television personality, fashion designer and author, Whitney Port came into the spotlight after being cast in the reality television series “The Hills” and "The City" which chronicled the personal and professional life of Port. Just over ten years since the show’s premier, Whitney Port has become synonymous with chic California style and design. Whitney Port is not the only one looking to repurpose products already in her cleaning supply cabinet. 61% of Americans use dish soap for other purposes besides cleaning dishes and 31% of Americans think grease stains on clothes are the worst grease mess to clean beyond the sink. Dawn is perfect for pre-treating laundry stains as well as cleaning kitchen surfaces, hand tools, jewelry and even makeup brushes because it’s designed to cut grease and get rid of dirt fast. Thanks to its powerful formula, Dawn cleans three times more greasy dishes in every drop than its non-concentrated competitor. For more information about the Dawn family of products, visit www.dawn-dish.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Just In 13mins Kapil Mishra begins hunger strike 33mins Twitter elevates Taranjeet Singh as Country Director for India 38mins Punjab face Mumbai in another ‘do-or-die’ clash 46mins Railways to acquire EoTT system to run trains without guards 1hr Fire breaks out in Antriksh Bhawan 1hr Cast asunder by triple talaq, Muslim women see hope in Supreme Court 2hrs Apple tops $800 billion market cap for first time 2hrs Sensex, Nifty hit lifetime highs on normal monsoon forecast 2hrs Juventus beats Monaco to reach Champions League final 2hrs One arrested after brawl aboard Southwest jet during deplaning 3hrs Schedule and squads for the Champions Trophy 3hrs AP Minister's son dies in road accident 3hrs Democrats slam Trump sacking of FBI chief 4hrs Army officer found killed in Shopian district 4hrs Moon Jae-in elected South Korea President; begins duties Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD ITC aims for top slots in new FMCG businesses in two years Share On JUST IN 13mins Kapil Mishra begins hunger strike 33mins Twitter elevates Taranjeet Singh as Country Director for India 38mins Punjab face Mumbai in another ‘do-or-die’ clash 46mins Railways to acquire EoTT system to run trains without guards 1hr Fire breaks out in Antriksh Bhawan 1hr Cast asunder by triple talaq, Muslim women see hope in Supreme Court 2hrs Apple tops $800 billion market cap for first time 2hrs Sensex, Nifty hit lifetime highs on normal monsoon forecast 2hrs Juventus beats Monaco to reach Champions League final 2hrs One arrested after brawl aboard Southwest jet during deplaning 3hrs Schedule and squads for the Champions Trophy 3hrs AP Minister's son dies in road accident 3hrs Democrats slam Trump sacking of FBI chief 4hrs Army officer found killed in Shopian district 4hrs Moon Jae-in elected South Korea President; begins duties CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Celebrating Tyagaraja Business Industry Industry ITC aims for top slots in new FMCG businesses in two years Indrani Dutta KOLKATA, May 09, 2017 22:22 IST Updated: May 09, 2017 22:24 IST Share Article PRINT A A A ITC is chasing a 1 lakh crore turnover target by 2030 in its non-cigarette FMCG business.   Indrani Dutta KOLKATA, May 09, 2017 22:22 IST Updated: May 09, 2017 22:24 IST more-in The firm is the third-largest company in the overall FMCG space ITC plans to emerge as one of the top players in the non-cigarette business that it refers to as the ‘new FMCG segment’ and a market leader in the foods business, which is the main growth-driver in its new business foray. As per Nielsen’s latest report, ITC is the third-largest company in the overall FMCG space (excluding cigarettes) and the third-largest in the foods space. In the fourth quarter of 2016-17, its overall FMCG business grew 9% by value, while the foods business grew by 8.9%. “As per Nielsen, ITC has registered the highest growth-rate among the top FMCG companies”, B. Sumant, President and head of ITC’s FMCG businesses said. “ITC is well-poised to become the largest player in the foods segment in the next two years and the second-largest player in the overall FMCG segment excluding cigarettes. ITC is the fastest growing FMCG company in India. We are a relatively new-entrant in all categories but are competing against well-entrenched players”, he told The Hindu. The major players in the FMCG space are HUL, P&G, Parle and Britannia. The foods space players include Mondelez and Adani besides ITC, Parle and Britannia. Non-cigarette business ITC is chasing a ₹1 lakh crore turnover target by 2030 in its non-cigarette FMCG business. There are three FMCG segments around which the cigarette-major is trying to grow. These are foods, personal-care products, stationery and education products and agarbattis. “The new FMCG businesses have been profitable over the last three years despite large investments in new categories that we have forayed into including luxury chocolates, coffee, juices, dairy and others. ITC has registered ₹14,000 crore of consumer spends in the new FMCG segment,” Mr. Sumant said. Post a Comment More In Business Kolkata Newsletter Industry Related Articles << Previous Story Canara Bank fourth quarter net profit at ₹214.18 crore Next Story >> Supreme Court finds Vijay Mallya guilty of contempt Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 10, 2017 12:32:10 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/Industry/itc-aims-for-top-slots-in-new-fmcg-businesses-in-two-years/article18415663.ece © The Hindu Hybrids, crossover concept cars steal the show The Auto Shanghai 2017 show was held at the National Exhibition and Convention Center in Shanghai, China on April 19, 2017. This is the global Top Picks in The Hindu today Middle stump uprooted, but bails remain ‘Tallest bridge built can withstand blasts’ Eye-catching art out of ordinary automobile scrap Twitter finds amusement as Shashi Tharoor hits back at Arnab Goswami Bishnoi farmers fill troughs of water for deer Karnataka MLA’s social media post causes uproar Now, turn any surface into a touch screen Poll: 'Genderless' cine awards ‘Baahubali 2’ collects Rs. 1,000 crore worldwide Mapped: China's 'One Belt, One Road' initiative Close X Next Story >> Supreme Court finds Vijay Mallya guilty of contempt CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     May 10, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum Spark UP Research Video RSS Downloads Breaking News :   Factory output growth slows in March Bworldonline.com Weekender Opinion DO 174: More than meets the eye Amicus Curiae Ma. Clarissa Excelsis S. Villanueva Posted on May 10, 2017 Finally the long wait is over. After almost nine (9) months of numerous dialogues and consultations, DoLE Secretary Silvestre H. Bello III already issued Department Order No. 174, series of 2017. It sets out the new rules implementing Articles 106 to 109 of the Labor Code, thus, replacing Department Order 18-A, series of 2011. The new Order became effective last April 2, 2017.    RELATED STORIES Amicus Curiae -- Felice Suzanne D. Soria: "Raising the bar of Corporate Governance" Amicus Curiae -- Joanne O. Macabagdal: "Local business tax: A tool by the LGU to create its own source of revenue or a means of abuse?" Amicus Curiae -- Angelmhina D. Lencio: "Fake news and its legal issues in the post-truth era" Amicus Curiae -- Charlemagne P. Chavez: "The Peoples’ Power in the impeachment of elective officials" Amicus Curiae -- Diego Luis S. Santiago: "The question of psychological disorders in the workplace" At first reading, it appears that DO 174 did not deviate to a great extent from DO 18-A. It would seem that it simply borrowed the provisions of the old order and tweaked it a little to adjust to the current conditions. For instance, DO 174 no longer provides for a Net Financial Contracting Capacity (NFCC) or requires that the same be included in Service Agreements. The required substantial capitalization of contractors was increased from at least P3,000,000.00 to at least P5,000,000.00. Moreover, the registration and renewal fee was increased from P25,000.00 to P100,000.00. Also, the Certificate of Registration shall now be effective for only two (2) years. Banking on the President’s vow to stop “contractualization” and the “endo,” labor groups had high hopes that the new Order will contain a total prohibition of all forms of contractualization. But as Secretary Bello himself recognized, the DoLE secretary has no power to do so because this is a function of the legislature. In short, the DoLE secretary can only regulate, but not totally prohibit contracting. Nonetheless, some of the changes introduced by DO 174 are worth noting. They may appear innocent at first but there seems to be more to them than meets the eye. For instance, DO 174 expanded DO 18-enumeration of illicit employment arrangements. Other arrangements declared by DO 174 as prohibited are: contracting out of work through an in-house cooperative, thus, apparently recognizing the proliferation of cooperatives engage in contracting; requiring contractor’s/subcontractor’s employees to perform functions which are currently being performed by regular employees; and such other schemes meant to circumvent security of tenure. While the other prohibited arrangements under DO 18-A, other than labor-only contracting, are qualified by the phrase “not done in good faith and not justified by the exigencies of the business”, the other illicit forms of employment arrangements under DO 174 were unqualifiedly declared as prohibited for being contrary to law or public policy. The strict and literal interpretation of Section 6 (f) on contracting out of regular functions will wield to the conclusion that as long as the functions are currently being performed by regular employees, they can no longer be outsourced to contractors regardless of the good faith of the company and the presence of any business exigencies that may justify one’s resort to contracting. This interpretation, however, seems to contradict the Supreme Court’s ruling in De Ocampo v. NLRC, Asian Alcohol v. NLRC, Serrano v. NLRC and Aliviado v. P&G. These cases readily reveal that it is a valid exercise of management prerogative to avail of the services of an independent contractor to promote economy and efficiency in the business regardless of whether the activity to be contracted out is peripheral or core in nature. This author believes that the prohibition under Section 6 (f) should not be interpreted in a strict and absolute manner. Three main reasons may be provided for this. First, Article 106 of the Labor Code does not distinguish as to the kind of services that can be contracted out. It only mentions of “performance of work” without any distinction as to whether such work is peripheral or core in nature. As such, DO 174 which supposedly implements the same must not also make any distinction. Needless to say, an administrative issuance cannot extend nor amend a legislative enactment. Second, the definition of labor-only contracting under the Labor Code effectively recognizes that even core functions or services can be contracted out. In fact, even if the contracted services are directly related to the business of the principal, an entity may still be deemed legitimate and not a labor-only contractor if it has substantial capitalization and exercises control over its employees. Lastly, we must consider the policy behind the issuance of DO 174: to avoid the displacement of workers and to prevent employers from resorting to contractualization. If we are to strictly apply the prohibition then, this might just aggravate the problem of contracting in the country because employers will no longer regularize positions and just contract them out altogether. Such situation will definitely not guarantee industrial peace and prosperity in the long run. Ma. Clarissa Excelsis S. Villanueva is an associate of the Labor and Employment Department of the Angara Abello Concepcion Regala & Cruz Law Offices (ACCRALAW). csvillanueva@accralaw.com 830-80-00. E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.  BREAKING NEWS Factory output growth slows in March ...more    MORE STORIES Asia: Preparing for Choppy Seas Ad Lib -- Greg B. Macabenta: "THE WAR ON DRUGS: Saying too much is saying nothing" Amicus Curiae -- Ma. Clarissa Excelsis S. Villanueva: "DO 174: More than meets the eye" Thinking Beyond Politics -- Lysander N. Castillo: "Miners should step up and prove their critics wrong" M. A. P. Insights -- Pacita U. Juan: "What is truly ASEAN?" To Take A Stand -- Oscar P. Lagman, Jr.: "A big joke in the Senate" Fence Sitter -- A. R. Samson: "Full of sound and fury" My Cup Of Liberty -- Bienvenido S. Oplas. Jr.: "Mobility of goods, capital, and people in Asia" Introspective -- Romeo L. Bernardo: "Inflation risk from rice policy?" Corporate Watch -- Amelia H. C. Ylagan: "The rule of law in the South China Sea dispute"    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. PSEi retreats after briefly touching 8,000 level 2. First Gen may cut stake in LNG terminal 3. Next BSP chief vows ‘continuity++’ 4. Port volume growth slows amid mining turmoil 5. Impeachment bid vs Duterte at House committee 1. DO 174: More than meets the eye 2. Bangko Sentral unfazed by Fed tightening into 2018 3. BIR clarifies method for calculating tax on real property capital gains 4. Delivery service to drive Max’s growth higher 5. Wealthy Filipinos’ guide to living in sought-after territories © 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
05102017Headline: Global Food Container Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2015-2022: Brisk Insights 6 mins ago Market Overview – Global Wet Glue Labelling Machines Market Shares, Strategies Size And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports 7 mins ago Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights 12 mins ago Worldwide Adjustable Transformer Market – Global Market, Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Gross Margin and Forecast 2017 to 2022 QY Research Reports 17 mins ago Metalworking Fluids Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.1 % during the forecast period of 2016-2022 17 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Beauty Device Market is expected to Grow at the CAGR of 19.23% During 2016-2022 Beauty Device Market is expected to Grow at the CAGR of 19.23% During 2016-2022 May 9, 2017 | by Satyamspot | According to a recently published report, the global Beauty Device Market, technology market is expected to grow at the CAGR of 19.23% during 2016-2022. The global beauty device market is segmented on the basis of type, application and geography. The report on global beauty device market forecast, 2016-2022 (by type, application and geography) provides detailed overview and predictive analysis of the market. Full report available global beauty device market forecast, 2016-2022 (by type, application and geography) report at http://www.briskinsights.com/report/beauty-device-market Various skin disorders such as- wrinkles, dull color, skin aging, loosening the skin, skin cancer and more, can be solved with the help of various types of beauty creams, medicines, beauty treatments, therapies, beauty devices etc. Hence, the use of beauty device has been increasing rapidly due to its accurate, instant and effective result especially when it comes to wrinkle and blemish removal. So, the global beauty device market is majorly driven by the growing prevalence of skin disorders and their treatments. Technological advancements and growing aging population are the key drivers of the global beauty device market. On the basis of region, North America is the major market dominating the global beauty device market due to the availability of large number of technologically advanced beauty devices and growing aging population. In North America, U.S. is the major contributor, and this dominance is due to increasing number of skin cancer cases in the generic population. Each year in U.S., more than 3.3 million skin cancer cases are treated. Basal Cell Carcinoma is the first most common form of skin cancer, and each year in U.S. more than 4 million cases of Basal Cell Carcinoma are treated. Squamous Cell Carcinoma is the second most common form of skin cancer and more than 1 million cases of Squamous Cell Carcinoma are diagnosed and treated each year in the U.S. Scope of the Report Global Beauty Device Market By Type 2012–2022 ($ Million) 1.1. Hair Removal Devices 1.2. Cleansing Devices 1.3. Acne Devices 1.4. Light/LED Therapy and Photo Rejuvenation Devices 1.5. Oxygen and Steaming Devices 1.6. Hair Growth Devices 1.7. Skin Dermal Rollers 1.8. Cellulite Reduction Devices 1.9. Others Global Beauty Device Market By Application 2012-2022 ($ Million) 2.1. Salon 2.2. Spa 2.3. At Home 2.4. Others Global Renewable Chemical Manufacturing Market Regional Outlook 2012-2022 ( $ Million) 3.1. North America 3.2. Europe 3.3. Asia Pacific 3.4. Latin America 3.5. Rest Of World Company Profiles 4.1. Amorepacific Group 4.2. Beautycon 4.3. Carol Cole Company 4.4. Home Skinovations, Ltd. 4.5. Koninklijke Philips N.V. 4.6. L’oreal Group 4.7. Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. 4.8. Panasonic Corporation 4.9. Photomedex, Inc. 4.10. Procter & Gamble Company 4.11. Syneron Medical, Ltd. 4.12. Tria Beauty, Inc. 4.13. Unilever Request Sample: http://www.briskinsights.com/sample-request/305 About Us: Brisk Insights is a global market research firm. Our insightful analysis is focused on developed and emerging markets. We identify trends and forecast markets with a view to aid businesses identify market opportunities optimize strategies. Our team of 200 analysts’ provides enterprises with strategic insights. Brisk Insights works to help enterprises grow through strategic insights and actionable solutions. Contact Us: Office 1094 109 Vernon House, Friar Lane Nottingham NG1 6DQ United Kingdom Ph. No. +448081890034 Email: sales@briskinsights.com Company: http://www.briskinsights.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Food Container Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2015-2022: Brisk Insights Market Overview – Global Wet Glue Labelling Machines Market Shares, Strategies Size And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights Worldwide Adjustable Transformer Market – Global Market, Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Gross Margin and Forecast 2017 to 2022 QY Research Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Food Container Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2015-2022: Brisk Insights Market Overview – Global Wet Glue Labelling Machines Market Shares, Strategies Size And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights Worldwide Adjustable Transformer Market – Global Market, Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Gross Margin and Forecast 2017 to 2022 QY Research Reports Metalworking Fluids Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.1 % during the forecast period of 2016-2022 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dawn and Whitney Port Take Dish Soap Beyond the Sink CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–When it comes to cleaning, most people don’t realize the multi-purpose magic that Dawn dish soap can perform. It not only cuts through grease in the sink, but it’s also the ultimate secret weapon for cleaning a variety of things throughout your home. To help illustrate this, the Dawn brand has teamed up with Whitney Port to offer tips, tricks and hacks for using Dawn all around the house. “I love that Dawn can be used outside of the kitchen,” said Whitney Port. “I am always looking to simplify my life, so the idea of a multi-purpose dish soap is perfect. I actually keep my jewelry sparkling by concocting a cleaning solution with Dawn! I mix a bit of Dawn with warm water and let my rings soak for two minutes and then I gently scrub and rinse… they come out looking all shiny and new.” A soon-to-be mom, television personality, fashion designer and author, Whitney Port came into the spotlight after being cast in the reality television series “The Hills” and „The City” which chronicled the personal and professional life of Port. Just over ten years since the show’s premier, Whitney Port has become synonymous with chic California style and design. Whitney Port is not the only one looking to repurpose products already in her cleaning supply cabinet. 61% of Americans use dish soap for other purposes besides cleaning dishes and 31% of Americans think grease stains on clothes are the worst grease mess to clean beyond the sink. Dawn is perfect for pre-treating laundry stains as well as cleaning kitchen surfaces, hand tools, jewelry and even makeup brushes because it’s designed to cut grease and get rid of dirt fast. Thanks to its powerful formula, Dawn cleans three times more greasy dishes in every drop than its non-concentrated competitor. For more information about the Dawn family of products, visit www.dawn-dish.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Black Bear Diner Expands Management Team Next PostNext A-Share Listed Supermarket and Multi-format Retail Companies – Growth in China’s Retail Industry is Expected to Slow Down – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
ADDING MULTIMEDIA Dawn and Whitney Port Take Dish Soap Beyond the Sink The Mom-to-Be and Lifestyle Expert Shares Her Hacks for Using Dawn in Unexpected Ways around the Home Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning jewelry, at an event in New York, Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning jewelry, at an event in New York, Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares her top home life hacks and the many ways to use Dawn dish soap in the kitchen and beyond, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares her top home life hacks and the many ways to use Dawn dish soap in the kitchen and beyond, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning makeup brushes, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares her top home life hacks and the many ways to use Dawn dish soap in the kitchen and beyond, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Whitney Port, lifestyle expert and mom-to-be, shares one of the many ways to use Dawn dish soap beyond the sink, including cleaning makeup brushes, Tuesday, May 9, 2017, at an event in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Dawn/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 09, 2017 06:36 PM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--When it comes to cleaning, most people don’t realize the multi-purpose magic that Dawn dish soap can perform. It not only cuts through grease in the sink, but it’s also the ultimate secret weapon for cleaning a variety of things throughout your home. To help illustrate this, the Dawn brand has teamed up with Whitney Port to offer tips, tricks and hacks for using Dawn all around the house. “I love that Dawn can be used outside of the kitchen,” said Whitney Port. “I am always looking to simplify my life, so the idea of a multi-purpose dish soap is perfect. I actually keep my jewelry sparkling by concocting a cleaning solution with Dawn! I mix a bit of Dawn with warm water and let my rings soak for two minutes and then I gently scrub and rinse… they come out looking all shiny and new.” A soon-to-be mom, television personality, fashion designer and author, Whitney Port came into the spotlight after being cast in the reality television series “The Hills” and "The City" which chronicled the personal and professional life of Port. Just over ten years since the show’s premier, Whitney Port has become synonymous with chic California style and design. Whitney Port is not the only one looking to repurpose products already in her cleaning supply cabinet. 61% of Americans use dish soap for other purposes besides cleaning dishes and 31% of Americans think grease stains on clothes are the worst grease mess to clean beyond the sink. Dawn is perfect for pre-treating laundry stains as well as cleaning kitchen surfaces, hand tools, jewelry and even makeup brushes because it’s designed to cut grease and get rid of dirt fast. Thanks to its powerful formula, Dawn cleans three times more greasy dishes in every drop than its non-concentrated competitor. For more information about the Dawn family of products, visit www.dawn-dish.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Contacts Procter & Gamble Mandy Ciccarella, 513-983-6628 ciccarella.aj@pg.com or Citizen Relations Chelsea Levy, 213-996-3808 chelsea.levy@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Baby Care Products Global Market Outlook, Trends and Forecast by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the baby care products market is valued at $58.43 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $102.31 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.3% from 2015 to 2022. Rapidly increasing baby population in emerging countries is the key driver for the growth of baby care products market. Additionally, changing lifestyle of consumers with increasing disposable income in emerging economies, growing number of working mothers, rising awareness of consumers about child hygiene and increased spending on baby care products are the factors favouring the market growth. However, stringent regulations regarding usage of chemicals and high product development and innovation costs are the factors hindering the market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/baby-care-products-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Baby skin care products and toiletries accounted a major share in baby care products market over the forecast period. At present, the penetration of baby hair care products has smaller market, however this segment is likely to witness highest growth during the forecast period. North America and Europe are the major markets for baby care products. Asia Pacific is expected to witness highest growth on account of rapidly increasing child population, considerably rising disposable incomes and changing lifestyle of consumers in emerging countries such as China and India. Some of the key players in the global market include Abbott Nutrition, Alliance Boots, Asda Group Ltd., Dabur, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Nestle, Nivea, Oral B Laboratories Ltd., Procter & Gamble Company, Unilever, Himalaya Drug Company, Wipro, Fisher-Price and Marico. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184684 Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries Covered: Baby Skin Care Products Baby Powder Baby Massage Oil Body Lotions Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly Bath Products Baby Soaps Bubble Bath/Shower gel Baby Hair Care Products Detangles Baby Shampoo and Conditioner Other Cosmetics and Toiletries Baby Wipes Baby Fragrances/Perfumes Diapers Baby Foods Covered: Baby Milk Product Desserts Animal Milk Yogurt Frozen Baby Food Frozen Fruits Baby Food Frozen Vegetarian Baby Food Frozen Non-Vegetarian Baby Food Baby Juice Market Baby Fruit Juice Mixed Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Snacks Biscuit/Cookies Rusks Puffs Baby Food Soups Non-vegetarian soup Vegetarian soup Pureed Baby Food Baby Fruit Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Cereals Baby Safety and Convenience Covered: Baby Strollers Baby Car Seats Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancement About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBaby Care Products Global Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious William Lyon Homes Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Next PostNext Exscientia announces major Sanofi collaboration Search Recent Posts Folding Bicycles Global Market Size, Share, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Analysis of Top Key Player and Forecast to 2022 Global Automotive Battery Cables Market Trends, Demand And Competition 2017 Marriot International attracts the attention of call buyers American Campus Communities Enters Oversold Territory Exelon Enters Oversold Territory RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
398541 3475 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Economia e Finanza . MediaCom Win Big at Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 MediaCom Win Big at Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 ECONOMIA E FINANZA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 09/05/2017 09:02 ROME, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hosted at the Rome Cavalieri in Rome, the winners for the Festival of Media Global Awards were revealed this evening.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) Big winners on the night included MediaCom who won six golds and took home the coveted Agency Network of the Year Award and Campaign of the Year awards - for its Missing Type campaign - while its parent company GroupM won Media Group of the Year. The other big winners of the prestigious Grand Prix gongs included Touché! PHD, who scooped Agency of the Year, while Independent Agency of the Year was taken home by Mediaplus, which won golds for its WhatsGerman and The Fashion Mag Hijack campaigns. OMD also posted an impressive performance as it picked up six golds for its campaigns including End of Silence and Capacity Mac Delivery. Proving its global appeal the awards saw winners from countries including New Zealand, Mexico, Israel, Costa Rica and Norway, Singapore, South Africa and the Dominican Republic. The final jury was split across two judging rooms, chaired by Sarah Mansfield VP Global Media Europe and Americas, Unilever and Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G. Mansfield added: "It's an honour to be the co-chair of this year's Festival of Media Global Awards. The work has been very inspiring and of a high standard." The Festival of Media Global Awards is dedicated to the evolution of media, celebrating the best in media thinking and communications across the planet. Judged by an innovative, respected and diverse panel of global and regional brand marketers, the programme is a prestigious event rewarding the very best work. All winning campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com/ Campaign of the Year: Missing Type, MediaCom UK     Agency of the Year: Touché! PHD     Agency Network of the Year: MediaCom     Independent Agency of the Year: Mediaplus     Media Group of the Year: GroupM     About C Squared C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has five major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc Festival of Media Awards contact:  Christina Liessem, Head of Awards, email: Christina.Liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6979 Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI ExoMars, primi sei mesi in orbita della sonda Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. 7 cose che il fisco non ti può pignorare 2. Legge elettorale, giovedì il testo alla Camera 3. Tfr, si cambia 4. Bandiere Blu 2017, le 300 spiagge da sogno 5. Statali, Madia: "Sblocco contratti prima dell'estate" Video Caos rifiuti, lo sfogo dei cittadini: "Povera Roma nostra" ExoMars, primi sei mesi in orbita della sonda 'Wonder Woman', l'ultimo trailer Su Rai Storia 'Mariangela!', gli amici raccontano la Melato ‘Teen’, si parte Il balzo della tigre siberiana verso la libertà Il caffè con il telefonino, ora si può Arriva in Sala Gold – La grande truffa Eruzioni solari 'spiegate' in un video In Evidenza L'asma grave e le nuove frontiere della terapia biologica Roadhouse festeggia l'apertura numero 100 a Fidenza, oltre 600 assunti in un anno Intesa Sp premia pmi rosa, con più donne Pil Italia crescerebbe del 7% Conto alla rovescia per il varo di MSC Meraviglia, la “smartship” del futuro MsmLab Population Health Management per la sclerosi multipla Forum On Peripheral Neuropathies Al via torneo Padel&Salute, Umberto I 'in campo' con visite gratuite/VIDEO Borsa, la friulana Mep tra le 25 aziende premiate con certificato Elite Il Biotech in Italia tra Human Technopole ed Ema Miroglio Fashion cambia veste Rimborsabile in Italia il farmaco anti-scompenso cardiaco Novartis L'appello, stop a diagnosi tardive di ipertensione polmonare 9° Congresso Nazionale dei Consulenti del Lavoro Conferenza FIRE “Certificati bianchi: titoli di efficienza energetica a portata di mano” Open Fiber, al via commercializzazione fibra banda ultra larga a Catania Coop, arrivano carne e uova senza antibiotici /Video Al via “Tutti in rete con i nonni”, settimana di alfabetizzazione digitale Rivoluzione super molecole per curare l'Hcv Frati (Neuromed): "Con legge Gelli addio al Far West in aule tribunali" 'Terziario Futuro 2020', settore vitale per competere tra Made in Italy e Industria 4.0 Tavola rotonda su 'Mercato pubblico, centralizzazione e tutela della concorrenza' Nasce Inveo per certificazione dati in sanità, la Brexit è opportunità per l'Italia /Video L’Impatto Economico e Occupazionale di Coca-Cola in Italia Mal di schiena e dolori articolari? Con la Fisioanalisi si guarisce definitivamente Syngenta al Food&Science Festival: 'innovazione è opportunità' Sicilia: Cobat, in un anno raccolti 13 milioni di kg di rifiuti tecnologici /Video Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro   Seguici 398541 3475 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi MediaCom Win Big at Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 News provided by Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 09 May, 2017, 03:00 ET Share this article ROME, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hosted at the Rome Cavalieri in Rome, the winners for the Festival of Media Global Awards were revealed this evening.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) Big winners on the night included MediaCom who won six golds and took home the coveted Agency Network of the Year Award and Campaign of the Year awards - for its Missing Type campaign - while its parent company GroupM won Media Group of the Year. The other big winners of the prestigious Grand Prix gongs included Touché! PHD, who scooped Agency of the Year, while Independent Agency of the Year was taken home by Mediaplus, which won golds for its WhatsGerman and The Fashion Mag Hijack campaigns. OMD also posted an impressive performance as it picked up six golds for its campaigns including End of Silence and Capacity Mac Delivery. Proving its global appeal the awards saw winners from countries including New Zealand, Mexico, Israel, Costa Rica and Norway, Singapore, South Africa and the Dominican Republic. The final jury was split across two judging rooms, chaired by Sarah Mansfield VP Global Media Europe and Americas, Unilever and Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G. Mansfield added: "It's an honour to be the co-chair of this year's Festival of Media Global Awards. The work has been very inspiring and of a high standard." The Festival of Media Global Awards is dedicated to the evolution of media, celebrating the best in media thinking and communications across the planet. Judged by an innovative, respected and diverse panel of global and regional brand marketers, the programme is a prestigious event rewarding the very best work. All winning campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com/ Campaign of the Year: Missing Type, MediaCom UK     Agency of the Year: Touché! PHD     Agency Network of the Year: MediaCom     Independent Agency of the Year: Mediaplus     Media Group of the Year: GroupM     About C Squared C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has five major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc Festival of Media Awards contact:  Christina Liessem, Head of Awards, email: Christina.Liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6979 SOURCE Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: MediaCom Win Big at Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 News provided by Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 09 May, 2017, 03:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:04 A.M. ET ING shares up 2.6% after profit report 3:04 A.M. ET Barratt Developments rises 2.3% after 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release MediaCom Win Big at Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 By Published: May 9, 2017 3:00 a.m. ET Share ROME, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- ROME, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hosted at the Rome Cavalieri in Rome, the winners for the Festival of Media Global Awards were revealed this evening.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) Big winners on the night included MediaCom who won six golds and took home the coveted Agency Network of the Year Award and Campaign of the Year awards - for its Missing Type campaign - while its parent company GroupM won Media Group of the Year. The other big winners of the prestigious Grand Prix gongs included Touché! PHD, who scooped Agency of the Year, while Independent Agency of the Year was taken home by Mediaplus, which won golds for its WhatsGerman and The Fashion Mag Hijack campaigns. OMD also posted an impressive performance as it picked up six golds for its campaigns including End of Silence and Capacity Mac Delivery. Proving its global appeal the awards saw winners from countries including New Zealand, Mexico, Israel, Costa Rica and Norway, Singapore, South Africa and the Dominican Republic. The final jury was split across two judging rooms, chaired by Sarah Mansfield VP Global Media Europe and Americas, Unilever and Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G. Mansfield added: "It's an honour to be the co-chair of this year's Festival of Media Global Awards. The work has been very inspiring and of a high standard." The Festival of Media Global Awards is dedicated to the evolution of media, celebrating the best in media thinking and communications across the planet. Judged by an innovative, respected and diverse panel of global and regional brand marketers, the programme is a prestigious event rewarding the very best work. All winning campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com/ Campaign of the Year: Missing Type, MediaCom UK     Agency of the Year: Touché! PHD     Agency Network of the Year: MediaCom     Independent Agency of the Year: Mediaplus     Media Group of the Year: GroupM     About C Squared C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has five major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc Festival of Media Awards contact:  Christina Liessem, Head of Awards, email: Christina.Liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6979 SOURCE Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Wirtschaft durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     wirtschaft Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0003, 9. Mai 2017, 09:03 drucken mailen als pdf als Text MediaCom Win Big at Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 Rome (ots/PRNewswire) - Hosted at the Rome Cavalieri in Rome, the winners for the Festival of Media Global Awards were revealed this evening. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Globa l_Logo.jpg ) Big winners on the night included MediaCom who won six golds and took home the coveted Agency Network of the Year Award and Campaign of the Year awards - for its Missing Type campaign - while its parent company GroupM won Media Group of the Year. The other big winners of the prestigious Grand Prix gongs included Touché! PHD, who scooped Agency of the Year, while Independent Agency of the Year was taken home by Mediaplus, which won golds for its WhatsGerman and The Fashion Mag Hijack campaigns. OMD also posted an impressive performance as it picked up six golds for its campaigns including End of Silence and Capacity Mac Delivery. Proving its global appeal the awards saw winners from countries including New Zealand, Mexico, Israel, Costa Rica and Norway, Singapore, South Africa and the Dominican Republic. The final jury was split across two judging rooms, chaired by Sarah Mansfield VP Global Media Europe and Americas, Unilever and Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G. Mansfield added: "It's an honour to be the co-chair of this year's Festival of Media Global Awards. The work has been very inspiring and of a high standard." The Festival of Media Global Awards is dedicated to the evolution of media, celebrating the best in media thinking and communications across the planet. Judged by an innovative, respected and diverse panel of global and regional brand marketers, the programme is a prestigious event rewarding the very best work. All winning campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com/ Campaign of the Year: Missing Type, MediaCom UK Agency of the Year: Touché! PHD Agency Network of the Year: MediaCom Independent Agency of the Year: Mediaplus Media Group of the Year: GroupM About C Squared C Squared launched the Festival of Media (http://www.festivalofmedia.com/) in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has five major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 4,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards. The company also owns Creamglobal which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc Festival of Media Awards contact: Christina Liessem, Head of Awards, email: Christina.Liessem@csquared.cc t: +44(0)20-7367-6979 Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR126508/aom ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0006 Speedo© macht sich für di... NEUE TRENDS BEI DER KUNDE... Festival of Media Global Awards 2017 Zum Pressroom Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: Literatur, International Channel: Wirtschaft Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Wirtschaft weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Wirtschaft Kundgebung für raschen Ökostromausbau vor Bundeskanzleramt Kompost & Biogas Verband Österreich Palmers Textil AG strukturiert Kommunikation Neu Palmers Textil AG „Literaturpreis der Österreichischen Industrie – Anton Wildgans“ an Robert Seethaler verliehen Industriellenvereinigung weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Mittwoch, 10. Mai 2017, 08:30 ASTRAD vmk-Verlag Mittwoch, 10. Mai 2017, 08:30 Medientermin: Kooperation Donauinselfest und Twin City Liner SPÖ Wien Mittwoch, 10. Mai 2017, 09:15 Kundgebung für das UNESCO-Welterbe - gegen den Luxuswohnturm Initiative Stadtbildschutz weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale APA-OTS-VIDEO, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2017 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman INSERTING and REPLACING Gillette Reinvents Traditional Shave Club Models with Gillette® on Demand™ – Delivers Smoothest, Easiest Way to Get World Class Blades BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Insert after the ninth paragraph (just above the „Gillette” boilerplate): For a full video of the domino display that triggered the first Gillette On Demand text reorder, click here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaqO3xhFaxg&index=2&list=PL5urOKdhITFTxcuhKfEHBreobrT09jg_X The corrected release reads: GILLETTE REINVENTS TRADITIONAL SHAVE CLUB MODELS WITH GILLETTE® ON DEMAND™ – DELIVERS SMOOTHEST, EASIEST WAY TO GET WORLD CLASS BLADES Gillette improves industry’s approach through better value offers like every 4th subscription order free and new, category-first text-to-reorder service Gillette began receiving orders today through the company’s all-new online direct-to-consumer service, Gillette® On Demand™. This new service offers the traditional subscription-only option and an additional flexible on-demand purchase option – with an industry-first re-order process that is as simple as sending a one-word text message1. The creation of this new service and its features is fueled by the understanding that accessibility, shopping experience, and value are every bit as important to men as quality and product innovation. Extensive research with Gillette’s own shave club customers and among men broadly uncovered clear opportunities to improve the subscription-only approach: more flexible purchase options, easier ways to order, and enhanced value for Gillette’s high quality blades. A 2015 Nielsen Homescan study for example found that 41% of guys who decided to leave traditional shave clubs said they were getting more blades than they needed. That frustration is a thing of the past thanks to Gillette® On Demand™’s industry-first as-needed ordering option. “Ordering blades has never been easier than we’re making it today,” said Mark Jeffreys, Brand Director, Gillette. “Gillette® On Demand™’s as-needed ordering capabilities and its convenient subscription options give guys smart choices, not trade-offs. This new service puts them in control without having to choose between convenience and flexibility, or between great quality and value.” Knowing how important value is to men, the service will include a range of razor options at different price points so men can enjoy the high-quality shave they deserve at a price they’ll be pleasantly surprised by. Guys who choose to subscribe will benefit from the added value of receiving every 4th order free2 and all first-time customers will enjoy $3 off their first order. Shave club customers also like simplicity and convenience. With Gillette® On Demand™, guys have the added option to order only the blades they want, when and where they want them. With just a one-word text message (send BLADES to 252-337/BLADES1), On Demand customers will be able to trigger their next shipment – no back and forth with customer service, no entering of shipping or payment information. Making Changes Guided by Guys People appreciate options in life, and Gillette turned to men themselves to determine just which options matter most when they shop online. The company’s research led directly to the features and benefits of the new Gillette® On Demand™: Flexibility: Having a choice between buying as-needed or scheduled deliveries gives men the flexibility that many of them have asked for. Ease of Ordering: The new Gillette® On Demand™ service lets guys quickly order and reorder blades on-demand using a new website, by email or with a one-word text message. This industry-first SMS reorder service allows guys registered for as-needed shipments to trigger their next delivery by texting “BLADES” to BLADES (252-337)1. It’s that simple. Customization: For subscription orders, customers have the flexibility to fully customize a delivery schedule that meets their unique grooming style. Guys can opt to auto-set a delivery that arrives at any cadence they choose – and it can be changed or canceled at any time. From Gillette’s Factory to Guys’ Bathrooms Gillette® On Demand™ marks the company’s first direct-to-consumer service, delivering the company’s highest quality blades straight from Gillette facilities to men’s doorsteps in about 2-3 business days. But what makes a blade “the best” varies from guy to guy – that’s why Gillette On Demand makes a wide range of products available at price points men will be pleasantly surprised by. Fusion® ProShield® – 4 cartridges for $18.45 (for first order including handle; $21.45 on subsequent orders) plus free shipping MACH3® Turbo – 5 cartridges for $10 (for first order including handle; $13 on subsequent orders) plus free shipping Sensor® 3 – 8 disposable razors for $8 (for first order; $11 on subsequent orders) plus $2 shipping For first-time subscription customers taking advantage of both the $3 off and the 4th order free2 offers, these prices just get better. A first time customer receiving quarterly deliveries of MACH3® Turbo blades will save $16 within his first 4 orders of Gillette® On Demand™ (vs. 4 as-needed orders) and pay an average of $1.80 per razor cartridge. To get more information and sign up for the new Gillette® On Demand™, visit www.gilletteondemand.com. For a full video of the domino display that triggered the first Gillette On Demand text reorder, click here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaqO3xhFaxg&index=2&list=PL5urOKdhITFTxcuhKfEHBreobrT09jg_X About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit https://gillette.com/en-us/products. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. 1 Data and MSG rates may apply 2 Credit applies to every 4th subscription order and will equal the lowest of previous 3 subscription orders (incl. taxes). CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MBIE releases new Housing Affordability Measure Next PostNext BUYINS.NET: MTBC SqueezeTrigger Price is $1.94. There is $7,020 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Search Recent Posts 4 Top-Ranked Franklin Templeton Mutual Funds for Best Returns Time to Buy Fidelity Select Energy Service Portfolio Fund (FSESX) Look at Principal SAM Conservative Growth J Fund (PCGJX) Focus on Fidelity Large Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX) Why Principal Strategic Asset Management Conservative Growth Fund Institutional Class (PCWIX) Worth Another Look? RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
INSERTING and REPLACING Gillette Reinvents Traditional Shave Club Models with Gillette® on Demand™ – Delivers Smoothest, Easiest Way to Get World Class Blades Gillette improves industry’s approach through better value offers like every 4th subscription order free and new, category-first text-to-reorder service Amazing things can be set in motion with just the push of a finger. Gillette celebrates that today with a domino display triggered by just one finger, and specially designed to send the very first text message to reorder blades from the new Gillette® On Demand™ service. Gillette® On Demand™ is a fresh approach to the traditional online shave club, giving customers the option to choose between the convenience of a subscription or to order blades as-needed by text message. All with just the push of a finger. (Data and MSG rates may apply.) (Photo courtesy of Gillette® On Demand™) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Amazing things can be set in motion with just the push of a finger. Gillette celebrates that today with a domino display triggered by just one finger, and specially designed to send the very first text message to reorder blades from the new Gillette® On Demand™ service. Gillette® On Demand™ is a fresh approach to the traditional online shave club, giving customers the option to choose between the convenience of a subscription or to order blades as-needed by text message. All with just the push of a finger. (Data and MSG rates may apply.) (Photo courtesy of Gillette® On Demand™) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Men shouldn’t have to choose between great value and great quality. Unlike other clubs, Gillette On Demand offers guys Gillette’s best blades with a choice between traditional subscription services and as-needed ordering options. Gillette® On Demand™ also makes a wide range of products available, including Fusion® ProShield®, MACH3® Turbo, and Sensor® 3, all at price points men will “fall” for. (Photo courtesy of Gillette® On Demand™) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Gillette celebrates the launch of Gillette® On Demand™. Men won’t have to choose between great value and great quality. Gillette On Demand is offering high-value trial incentives and loyalty rewards men will “fall” for, with subscribers receiving EVERY 4th order free. (Credits awarded for each unique subscription plan and value will be equal to the lowest of previous 3 subscription orders (incl. taxes).) (Photo courtesy of Gillette® On Demand™) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail May 09, 2017 10:26 PM Eastern Daylight Time BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Insert after the ninth paragraph (just above the "Gillette" boilerplate): For a full video of the domino display that triggered the first Gillette On Demand text reorder, click here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaqO3xhFaxg&index=2&list=PL5urOKdhITFTxcuhKfEHBreobrT09jg_X The corrected release reads: GILLETTE REINVENTS TRADITIONAL SHAVE CLUB MODELS WITH GILLETTE® ON DEMAND™ – DELIVERS SMOOTHEST, EASIEST WAY TO GET WORLD CLASS BLADES Gillette improves industry’s approach through better value offers like every 4th subscription order free and new, category-first text-to-reorder service Gillette began receiving orders today through the company’s all-new online direct-to-consumer service, Gillette® On Demand™. This new service offers the traditional subscription-only option and an additional flexible on-demand purchase option – with an industry-first re-order process that is as simple as sending a one-word text message1. The creation of this new service and its features is fueled by the understanding that accessibility, shopping experience, and value are every bit as important to men as quality and product innovation. Extensive research with Gillette’s own shave club customers and among men broadly uncovered clear opportunities to improve the subscription-only approach: more flexible purchase options, easier ways to order, and enhanced value for Gillette’s high quality blades. A 2015 Nielsen Homescan study for example found that 41% of guys who decided to leave traditional shave clubs said they were getting more blades than they needed. That frustration is a thing of the past thanks to Gillette® On Demand™’s industry-first as-needed ordering option. “Ordering blades has never been easier than we’re making it today,” said Mark Jeffreys, Brand Director, Gillette. “Gillette® On Demand™’s as-needed ordering capabilities and its convenient subscription options give guys smart choices, not trade-offs. This new service puts them in control without having to choose between convenience and flexibility, or between great quality and value.” Knowing how important value is to men, the service will include a range of razor options at different price points so men can enjoy the high-quality shave they deserve at a price they’ll be pleasantly surprised by. Guys who choose to subscribe will benefit from the added value of receiving every 4th order free2 and all first-time customers will enjoy $3 off their first order. Shave club customers also like simplicity and convenience. With Gillette® On Demand™, guys have the added option to order only the blades they want, when and where they want them. With just a one-word text message (send BLADES to 252-337/BLADES1), On Demand customers will be able to trigger their next shipment – no back and forth with customer service, no entering of shipping or payment information. Making Changes Guided by Guys People appreciate options in life, and Gillette turned to men themselves to determine just which options matter most when they shop online. The company’s research led directly to the features and benefits of the new Gillette® On Demand™: Flexibility: Having a choice between buying as-needed or scheduled deliveries gives men the flexibility that many of them have asked for. Ease of Ordering: The new Gillette® On Demand™ service lets guys quickly order and reorder blades on-demand using a new website, by email or with a one-word text message. This industry-first SMS reorder service allows guys registered for as-needed shipments to trigger their next delivery by texting “BLADES” to BLADES (252-337)1. It’s that simple. Customization: For subscription orders, customers have the flexibility to fully customize a delivery schedule that meets their unique grooming style. Guys can opt to auto-set a delivery that arrives at any cadence they choose – and it can be changed or canceled at any time. From Gillette’s Factory to Guys’ Bathrooms Gillette® On Demand™ marks the company’s first direct-to-consumer service, delivering the company’s highest quality blades straight from Gillette facilities to men’s doorsteps in about 2-3 business days. But what makes a blade “the best” varies from guy to guy – that’s why Gillette On Demand makes a wide range of products available at price points men will be pleasantly surprised by. Fusion® ProShield® - 4 cartridges for $18.45 (for first order including handle; $21.45 on subsequent orders) plus free shipping MACH3® Turbo – 5 cartridges for $10 (for first order including handle; $13 on subsequent orders) plus free shipping Sensor® 3 – 8 disposable razors for $8 (for first order; $11 on subsequent orders) plus $2 shipping For first-time subscription customers taking advantage of both the $3 off and the 4th order free2 offers, these prices just get better. A first time customer receiving quarterly deliveries of MACH3® Turbo blades will save $16 within his first 4 orders of Gillette® On Demand™ (vs. 4 as-needed orders) and pay an average of $1.80 per razor cartridge. To get more information and sign up for the new Gillette® On Demand™, visit www.gilletteondemand.com. For a full video of the domino display that triggered the first Gillette On Demand text reorder, click here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaqO3xhFaxg&index=2&list=PL5urOKdhITFTxcuhKfEHBreobrT09jg_X About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit https://gillette.com/en-us/products. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. 1 Data and MSG rates may apply 2 Credit applies to every 4th subscription order and will equal the lowest of previous 3 subscription orders (incl. taxes). Contacts Communications Manager/P&G Barbara Diecker, 617-463-5782 diecker.b@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf of Gillette/P&G Corey Manuel, 646-935-4164 corey.manuel@ketchum.com Contacts Communications Manager/P&G Barbara Diecker, 617-463-5782 diecker.b@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf of Gillette/P&G Corey Manuel, 646-935-4164 corey.manuel@ketchum.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Place your Ad Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Star Search More Close ] News Crime Education Health Celebs Action Desk News Wire Your Say Editors View National News Crime Education Health Celebs Action Desk News Wire Your Say Editors View National News Sheffield Wednesday Sheffield United Sport Football Ice Hockey GrassRoots Cricket Hockey Racing Athletics Basketball Boxing Darts Golf Rugby League Rugby Union Snooker Speedway Squash Swimming Business Politics What's On Cinema Food & Drink Gigs & Music Going Out Out & About Pubs & Clubs Theatre Retro Lifestyle Culture Features Gardening Cars Our Towns & Cities Barnsley Chesterfield Derbyshire & Nottinghamshire Doncaster Rotherham Sheffield Pampers launches world's smallest nappy for premature babies - and donates 2,500 of them to Sheffield hospital The tiny nappies have been donated to Sheffield Jessop Wing Hospital. Darren Burke, Digital Reporter Email 16:10 Tuesday 09 May 2017 0 Have your say Babycare firm Pampers has launched the world's smallest nappy for premature babies - and donated 2,500 of them to a Sheffield hospital. The tiny nappies are designed to fit premature babies weighing less than 1.8lb - less than a loaf of bread - and are the smallest available in the UK. The Pampers Preemie Protection Size P3 are designed specifically to meet the needs of the tiniest little fighters and the firm has handed over dozens of boxes to Sheffield's Jessop Wing Hospital. The nappy is three sizes smaller than a regular newborn nappy and is suitable for babies weighing less than 800g. Approximately 1 in 11 babies - 60,000 - are born prematurely in the UK each year and due to advances in medical science, survival rates are increasing. Neo-natal nurse and developmental specialist Cherry Bond said: “Premature babies have very unique requirements, which need to be valued and considered in every element of their care; the right nappy is no exception. Sheffield's Jessop Wing Hospital. "The nappies that are currently available do not fit the smallest babies properly so are often cut and folded to size, which can cause discomfort and impede optimal development”. Pampers has partnered with Bliss, the UK’s leading charity for babies born premature or sick, to get the nappies to the babies that need them, initially partnering with Sheffield Jessop Wing Hospital and a limited number of other hospitals across the country, before rolling out nationwide to all UK hospitals from this summer. The brand is also asking all parents to get involved by sharing photos of their little ones with a raised fist on social media with the hashtag #powerofbabies, to celebrate the amazing fighting spirit that premature babies show every day. Pampers will be donating £1 to Bliss for every one of those pictures shared. Caroline Lee-Davey, CEO of Bliss said, “We were thrilled to hear about the new range of Pampers nappies for premature babies, which will make a real difference to the lives of babies and those that care for them. "Caring for such a small and fragile baby can be daunting, but Bliss knows that getting families more actively involved in caring for their premature baby aids development, creates valuable bonding time and helps babies get better faster. The nappy change is one way parents can take a lead and nappies that are fit for purpose will make this so much easier.” "The happy and healthy development of every baby, including the tiniest little fighters, is our priority, that is why when nurses asked us to design a nappy for the most vulnerable babies, we rose to the challenge” said Ian Morley, Commercial Director at P&G. “It took us three years and over 10,000 hours of research to develop the new P3 nappy, which is designed to provide comfort and protection for the smallest babies. As a parent of two preemies myself, I am extremely proud that we have created a nappy which meets the very unique needs of premature babies and those that care for them”. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The Star means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The Star You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The Star Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Follow Us On Explore News Sheffield Wednesday Sheffield United Sport Business Politics What's On Retro Lifestyle More from The Star Announcements Buy a Photo Dating Digital Archive Directory Holidays Jobs Local Guide Cars Homes Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
INSERTING and REPLACING Gillette Reinvents Traditional Shave Club Models with Gillette® on Demand™ – Delivers Smoothest, Easiest Way to Get World Class Blades Gillette improves industry’s approach through better value offers like every 4th subscription order free and new, category-first text-to-reorder service Amazing things can be set in motion with just the push of a finger. Gillette celebrates that today with a domino display triggered by just one finger, and specially designed to send the very first text message to reorder blades from the new Gillette® On Demand™ service. Gillette® On Demand™ is a fresh approach to the traditional online shave club, giving customers the option to choose between the convenience of a subscription or to order blades as-needed by text message. All with just the push of a finger. (Data and MSG rates may apply.) (Photo courtesy of Gillette® On Demand™) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Amazing things can be set in motion with just the push of a finger. Gillette celebrates that today with a domino display triggered by just one finger, and specially designed to send the very first text message to reorder blades from the new Gillette® On Demand™ service. Gillette® On Demand™ is a fresh approach to the traditional online shave club, giving customers the option to choose between the convenience of a subscription or to order blades as-needed by text message. All with just the push of a finger. (Data and MSG rates may apply.) (Photo courtesy of Gillette® On Demand™) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Men shouldn’t have to choose between great value and great quality. Unlike other clubs, Gillette On Demand offers guys Gillette’s best blades with a choice between traditional subscription services and as-needed ordering options. Gillette® On Demand™ also makes a wide range of products available, including Fusion® ProShield®, MACH3® Turbo, and Sensor® 3, all at price points men will “fall” for. (Photo courtesy of Gillette® On Demand™) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Gillette celebrates the launch of Gillette® On Demand™. Men won’t have to choose between great value and great quality. Gillette On Demand is offering high-value trial incentives and loyalty rewards men will “fall” for, with subscribers receiving EVERY 4th order free. (Credits awarded for each unique subscription plan and value will be equal to the lowest of previous 3 subscription orders (incl. taxes).) (Photo courtesy of Gillette® On Demand™) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail May 09, 2017 10:26 PM Eastern Daylight Time BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Insert after the ninth paragraph (just above the "Gillette" boilerplate): For a full video of the domino display that triggered the first Gillette On Demand text reorder, click here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaqO3xhFaxg&index=2&list=PL5urOKdhITFTxcuhKfEHBreobrT09jg_X The corrected release reads: GILLETTE REINVENTS TRADITIONAL SHAVE CLUB MODELS WITH GILLETTE® ON DEMAND™ – DELIVERS SMOOTHEST, EASIEST WAY TO GET WORLD CLASS BLADES Gillette improves industry’s approach through better value offers like every 4th subscription order free and new, category-first text-to-reorder service Gillette began receiving orders today through the company’s all-new online direct-to-consumer service, Gillette® On Demand™. This new service offers the traditional subscription-only option and an additional flexible on-demand purchase option – with an industry-first re-order process that is as simple as sending a one-word text message1. The creation of this new service and its features is fueled by the understanding that accessibility, shopping experience, and value are every bit as important to men as quality and product innovation. Extensive research with Gillette’s own shave club customers and among men broadly uncovered clear opportunities to improve the subscription-only approach: more flexible purchase options, easier ways to order, and enhanced value for Gillette’s high quality blades. A 2015 Nielsen Homescan study for example found that 41% of guys who decided to leave traditional shave clubs said they were getting more blades than they needed. That frustration is a thing of the past thanks to Gillette® On Demand™’s industry-first as-needed ordering option. “Ordering blades has never been easier than we’re making it today,” said Mark Jeffreys, Brand Director, Gillette. “Gillette® On Demand™’s as-needed ordering capabilities and its convenient subscription options give guys smart choices, not trade-offs. This new service puts them in control without having to choose between convenience and flexibility, or between great quality and value.” Knowing how important value is to men, the service will include a range of razor options at different price points so men can enjoy the high-quality shave they deserve at a price they’ll be pleasantly surprised by. Guys who choose to subscribe will benefit from the added value of receiving every 4th order free2 and all first-time customers will enjoy $3 off their first order. Shave club customers also like simplicity and convenience. With Gillette® On Demand™, guys have the added option to order only the blades they want, when and where they want them. With just a one-word text message (send BLADES to 252-337/BLADES1), On Demand customers will be able to trigger their next shipment – no back and forth with customer service, no entering of shipping or payment information. Making Changes Guided by Guys People appreciate options in life, and Gillette turned to men themselves to determine just which options matter most when they shop online. The company’s research led directly to the features and benefits of the new Gillette® On Demand™: Flexibility: Having a choice between buying as-needed or scheduled deliveries gives men the flexibility that many of them have asked for. Ease of Ordering: The new Gillette® On Demand™ service lets guys quickly order and reorder blades on-demand using a new website, by email or with a one-word text message. This industry-first SMS reorder service allows guys registered for as-needed shipments to trigger their next delivery by texting “BLADES” to BLADES (252-337)1. It’s that simple. Customization: For subscription orders, customers have the flexibility to fully customize a delivery schedule that meets their unique grooming style. Guys can opt to auto-set a delivery that arrives at any cadence they choose – and it can be changed or canceled at any time. From Gillette’s Factory to Guys’ Bathrooms Gillette® On Demand™ marks the company’s first direct-to-consumer service, delivering the company’s highest quality blades straight from Gillette facilities to men’s doorsteps in about 2-3 business days. But what makes a blade “the best” varies from guy to guy – that’s why Gillette On Demand makes a wide range of products available at price points men will be pleasantly surprised by. Fusion® ProShield® - 4 cartridges for $18.45 (for first order including handle; $21.45 on subsequent orders) plus free shipping MACH3® Turbo – 5 cartridges for $10 (for first order including handle; $13 on subsequent orders) plus free shipping Sensor® 3 – 8 disposable razors for $8 (for first order; $11 on subsequent orders) plus $2 shipping For first-time subscription customers taking advantage of both the $3 off and the 4th order free2 offers, these prices just get better. A first time customer receiving quarterly deliveries of MACH3® Turbo blades will save $16 within his first 4 orders of Gillette® On Demand™ (vs. 4 as-needed orders) and pay an average of $1.80 per razor cartridge. To get more information and sign up for the new Gillette® On Demand™, visit www.gilletteondemand.com. For a full video of the domino display that triggered the first Gillette On Demand text reorder, click here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaqO3xhFaxg&index=2&list=PL5urOKdhITFTxcuhKfEHBreobrT09jg_X About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit https://gillette.com/en-us/products. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. 1 Data and MSG rates may apply 2 Credit applies to every 4th subscription order and will equal the lowest of previous 3 subscription orders (incl. taxes). Contacts Communications Manager/P&G Barbara Diecker, 617-463-5782 diecker.b@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf of Gillette/P&G Corey Manuel, 646-935-4164 corey.manuel@ketchum.com Contacts Communications Manager/P&G Barbara Diecker, 617-463-5782 diecker.b@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf of Gillette/P&G Corey Manuel, 646-935-4164 corey.manuel@ketchum.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Feminine Hygiene Market Worth US$ 35,203.8 Mn by 2024 End According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research (PMR) titled ‘Global Feminine Hygiene Product Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016-2024, the global feminine hygiene marketis expected to expand at CAGR of 7.2% over the forecast period (2016-2024) in terms of value. The report has categorically been divided into three sections namely by product type, distribution channel, and region. On the basis of product type, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into sanitary napkins/pads, tampons, panty liners, menstrual cup, and feminine hygiene wash. On the basis of a distribution channel, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into a supermarket, convenience stores, department stores, retail pharmacies, and online purchase. By product type, sanitary napkin/pad segment is expected to expand at highest CAGR of 8.4% over the forecast period, in terms of value, attributed to increasing awareness about the benefits of sanitary napkins/pads. This segment is expected to be valued at US$ 16,896.8 Mn by 2024 end. By product type, tampons segment is expected to be the second most dominant segment during the forecast period. By distribution channel, supermarket segment is expected to dominate the global feminine hygiene market over the forecast period, followed by department stores distribution channel segment. Increasing awareness and high adoption of feminine hygiene products in developing countries are expected to drive demand for feminine hygiene products during the forecast period. Factors such as easy availability and affordable prices of such products are expected to drive revenue growth of the global feminine hygiene market during the forecast period. The global feminine hygiene market is fragmented in nature, with a prevalence of oligopolistic competition among renowned brands. Established players are focused on manufacturing innovative feminine hygiene products in developed and developing countries to increase revenue generation. The report offers analysis and insights into each segment of feminine hygiene market in specific regions. On the basis of region, the global feminine hygiene market is segmented into five key regions namely North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). In 2015, Asia Pacific dominated the global feminine hygiene market in terms of revenue and is expected to register a CAGR of 5.4% over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3226 Market participants covered in the report include Kimberley – Clark Corporation, Procter & Gamble, Unicharm Corporation, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA, Johnson & Johnson, Lil-lets UK Limited, Sanofi, Ontex, and Egdewell Personal Care. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and introducing new cost-effective products, in order to strengthen its position in the global market. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/feminine-hygiene-product-market/toc CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsfeminine hygiene market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Professional Diversity Network, Inc. Announces Results of April Shared Economy Events Next PostNext Networking Support Services Market 2017 Market Research Report including Development History, Competitive Landscape Analysis and Major Regions Status Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / POSSIBLE Acquires Marketplace Ignition, a Leading Consultancy Specializing in Amazon POSSIBLE Acquires Marketplace Ignition, a Leading Consultancy Specializing in Amazon Posted on May 9, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Marketplace Ignition deepens POSSIBLE’s expertise in marketing and merchandising services to increase revenue for retailers and brands on Amazon and other marketplaces. (PRWEB) May 09, 2017 POSSIBLE, a WPP Digital agency, announced today the acquisition of Marketplace Ignition, a leading strategy consultancy focused on helping retailers and brands increase their business on Amazon and other marketplaces. With offices in Seattle and Atlanta, Marketplace Ignition has worked with more than 400 brands, representing more than 2 million SKUs and $2 billion in annual retail sales. Their main goal is to establish and grow the eCommerce presence for their clients on Amazon. Launched in 2011, Marketplace Ignition is relentlessly data-driven and uses research and ongoing impact analysis to identify immediate and long-term strategic growth levers for clients including the Hallmark Company, Lifetime Brands, Inc. and Reynolds Consumer Products. Marketplace Ignition specializes in operational marketing, the science of leveraging product data and channel expertise to optimize brand performance through online channels. With the growth in size and importance of Amazon including Amazon.com, Amazon Media Services, Amazon Prime and other services, operational marketing has become a fundamentally important part of online marketing and very few brands have a core competency in it. “The potential for brands and retailers on Amazon is enormous, but they need a holistic strategy to succeed. Our clients are increasingly asking us for Amazon expertise and for POSSIBLE to be that one agency to help them solve for all things Amazon,” remarked Shane Atchison, Global CEO of POSSIBLE. “Marketplace Ignition has built a leading consultancy with tremendous expertise and relationships with Amazon and we are thrilled to welcome them to the POSSIBLE Commerce team.” As the largest consultancy specifically dedicated to helping brands succeed on Amazon and other online marketplaces, the acquisition of Marketplace Ignition deepens POSSIBLE’s expertise and experience in all aspects of the Amazon ecosystem. From supply chain and operations, to assortment planning, operational marketing, content optimization, and search management, the acquisition demonstrates POSSIBLE’s commitment to delivering success on Amazon for clients. “POSSIBLE understands the future of retail and the potential that brands have on Amazon, but Shane and the team also know it requires deep knowledge of the entire Amazon platform and its ecosystem to succeed,” said Eric Heller, CEO and Founder of Marketplace Ignition. “Category leadership on Amazon takes dedication, operational excellence and a deep understanding of how data drives sales and market share. POSSIBLE has data in its DNA and this coupled with their award-winning approach convinced me they were exactly the partner we needed to take our organization to the next level. I’m excited for what Marketplace Ignition and POSSIBLE will do together to deliver more value to brands and Amazon customers.” The POSSIBLE Commerce practice helps clients manage Amazon as well as other commerce platforms and unites brand building with sales performance. Led by Frank Kochenash, Global SVP of Commerce, the practice offers a full suite of services and leverages POSSIBLE’s deep experience with data and technology to improve efficiency and performance. Marketplace Ignition will operate under the name Marketplace Ignition, A POSSIBLE Commerce Agency and will be led by current CEO and founder, Eric Heller. Eric, Frank and the team will work closely together to bring the power of POSSIBLE Commerce to clients. About POSSIBLE POSSIBLE is a creative agency that moves brands by moving people, creating value for consumers, not products. By design, we are visionaries, innovators, and pioneers. We back up every idea with real-world insights to create work that makes a difference—and makes a measurable impact. With more than 1,500 employees around the globe, POSSIBLE brings results-driven digital solutions to some of the world’s most dynamic brands, including Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, AT&T, Adidas and ConAgra. POSSIBLE is a WPP Digital agency. Follow POSSIBLE on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/1915024 Twitter: https://twitter.com/POSSIBLE & https://twitter.com/WORKatPOSSIBLE Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/POSSIBLE.com More information is available at http://www.possible.com/commerce About Marketplace Ignition Marketplace Ignition is the leading strategy consultancy for helping retailers and brands increase their business on Amazon and other marketplaces. The agency specializes in operational marketing and advises clients on all aspects of eCommerce from sales strategy and merchandise selection, to dynamic pricing and promotion strategy. Data-driven, it uses research and ongoing impact analysis to identify immediate and long-term strategic growth levers. Marketplace Ignition uses deep industry expertise to help retailers effectively compete and win in this increasingly critical channel. Follow Marketplace Ignition on Linked In. For more information, please visit marketplaceignition.com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14317488.htm Latest News ProRehab Physical Therapy Announces Expansion into Southern Indiana with Opening of Cobbler’s Crossing Clinic PactSafe Unveils the Contract Execution Platform AccentCare Appoints New Executive Vice President of Operations 4 Eco Services Acquires All Seasons Heating and Air Conditioning BabyPage Offers Easy Way to Create Modern Baby Books POSSIBLE Acquires Marketplace Ignition, a Leading Consultancy Specializing in Amazon Botify Awarded for Software Innovation in European Search Awards Realync Launches Multifamily Touring Analytics, Grows National Client Base Group Mobile Selected to Provide Professional Services to Large State Law Enforcement Conservation Agency ‘Ask the Expert’ Forum Launches on The BACnet Institute © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market Godrej Consumer, Vijaya Bank among 104 stocks that hit 52-week high on NSE today Godrej Consumer, Vijaya Bank among 104 stocks that hit 52-week high on NSE today Godrej Consumer Products, Indiabulls Real Estate, Kansai Nerolac Paints, Larsen & Toubro Infotech, Kalpataru Power Transmission, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals, Poddar Housing and Development, Rajesh Exports, Quess Corp, Rural Electrification Corporation, SKIL Infrastructure, The South Indian Bank, Vijaya Bank, The Western India Plywoods and Tourism Finance Corporation of India were among 104 stocks that hit their 52-week high on NSE. By: FE Online | Published: May 9, 2017 4:51 PM   104 stocks hit 52-week high on NSE on Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (Reuters) Godrej Consumer Products, Indiabulls Real Estate, Kansai Nerolac Paints, Larsen & Toubro Infotech, Kalpataru Power Transmission, Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals, Poddar Housing and Development, Rajesh Exports, Quess Corp, Rural Electrification Corporation, SKIL Infrastructure, The South Indian Bank, Vijaya Bank, The Western India Plywoods and Tourism Finance Corporation of India were among 104 stocks that hit their 52-week high on NSE on Tuesday as domestic equities market ended flat. The BSE Sensex ended below the 30,000-mark, by ending 7.10 points up at 29,933.25. The broader Nifty settled the day 2.80 points higher at 9,316.85. On its movement, Sameet Chavan (chief analyst- technical and derivatives, Angel Broking) said, “It was yet another day of consolidation for our markets; in fact, today’s price range was thinner than the previous one. This lackluster move was very much in-line with global bourses and hence, the index eventually ended the session tad above the previous close.” Stocks of Godrej Consumer Products Ltd (GCPL) hit 52-week high after the company posted over three-fold jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 389.91 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2017 driven by strong sales growth in most categories. The share price of the company ended 9.39 per cent up at 1,919 on NSE. Bigbloc Construction, Cadila Healthcare, Central Bank of India, Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals, Eicher Motors, DLF, Gillette India, J.Kumar Infraprojects, Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care, SKIL Infrastructure, Shree Cements and Walchandnagar Industries were among other stocks that hit their 52-week high. However, Spacenet Enterprises India, Urja Global, Green Fire Agri Commodities, FCS Software Solutions, Ortel Communications, Spacenet Enterprises India and Lupin were among 16 stocks that hit their 52-week low on NSE today. D Dhaval Shah May 9, 2017 at 6:45 pm Only Markets Guruji( ) had given the correct prediction about S chand IPO and COCHIN SHIPYARD IPO on his channel rest all failed , just watch his videos its unbelivable, his analysis was perfect, must watch for all investors. Reply Don't Miss What Election Commission actually said to blow up AAP's EVM tampering claims Want to save tax? Here are 6 best investment options for you After ICJ shows Pakistan its place, Iran seeks access to Kulbhushan Jadhav: Report Nisaba Godrej: All you need to know about Godrej Consumer Products' new chairman PM Narendra Modi coins another catchy phrase, says 'E-governance stands for easy, effective, economical and environment-friendly governance' Amazon launches Echo Show: From video calling to touchscreen, here's everything you need to know AAP crisis live updates: Kapil Mishra goes on fast, Anna Hazare puts onus of investigation on Arvind Kejriwal PWD scam: ACB lodges FIRs against Arvind Kejriwal brother-in-law Surender Kumar Bansal's company Sensex, Nifty at new record highs: From monsoon to global markets, here are 5 reasons Japanese retailer Muji bets big on world’s most colorful retail market, India; predicts big growth Business Gallery Indian Railways set to unveil swanky international tourist lounge in PM Modi’s Varanasi Yogi Adityanath flags off new affordable, comfortable AC buses; here’s a look Legendary investor Warren Buffett awed by Indian hospitality; says will visit again if a business is on sale In pictures: French Elections 2017 Now, Padamshri Haji Kalimullah names new mango variety after UP CM Yogi Adityanath Technology Gallery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours From Oppo F3 to Vivo V5: Best ‘Selfie expert’ smartphones in India under Rs 20,000 From Samsung to Xiaomi: Best budget smartphones priced under Rs 15,000 Hindi News ऑल इंडिया फुटबॉल फेडरेशन की वेबसाइट हैक, पोस्ट हुईं कुलभूषण जाधव और भारत विरोधी बातें जम्मू कश्मीर में आर्मी अफसर उमर फय्याज की हत्या, आतंकियों ने किया था किडनैप जस्टिस कर्णन ने खारिज किया सुप्रीम कोर्ट का ऑर्डर, कहा- मैं नेपोलियन और डॉ. अम्बेडकर का दत्तक पुत्र हूं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Fatty Amines Market is Anticipated to Grow US$ 1,855.3 Million by 2016 Applications in several end-use industries will continue to fuel the market for fatty amines globally. By 2016 end, the global fatty amines market is estimated at US$ 1,855.3 Mn. Developing countries in Asia-Pacific will remain the key markets for fatty amines, whereas applications in water treatment and agro-chemical industries will continue to generate significant demand for fatty amines. Request to view Table of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/fatty-amines-market/toc Corrosion inhibition, fabric softening, lubricant additive, organoclaying, and sanitization are some of the most popular applications, which are expected to sustain the demand for fatty acids in a market. A few other prominent applications, including mining, water treatment, personal care, anti-caking, oilfield chemicals, paints and coatings, and agro-chemicals, are also likely to register significant consumption. Rising global population resulting in increasing demand for food products is eventually driving the market for asphalt-additives and agro-chemicals. Similarly, growing need for water Markettreatment will be a major factor propelling the market for water treatment chemicals, and in turn escalating the sales of fatty amines. The advent of technology and new application development will be a vital factor favoring the market growth. Mining, paints and coatings, fabric conditioning, and detergents, are foreseen to be the major verticals recording notable consumption of fatty acids. Industries associated with the paints and coatings vertical, such as automotive and construction, are foreseen to be among the prominent consumers of fatty amines. The volatility of the prices of raw materials and uncertainty of the fatty amines availability may, however, continue to create unfavorable conditions for the global fatty amines market growth. By product type, the global fatty amines market will witness continued dominance by the tertiary fatty amines segment. With the largest market value share of over 47% by 2016 end, this segment may experience a slight decline in its market share post-2016. Primary fatty amines segment, with over 29% revenue share in 2016, is likely to witness a Y-o-Y of 4.9% in 2017 over 2016. Based on application, water treatment segment is anticipated to lead the global fatty amines market. Agro-chemicals will also be another key segment, followed by asphalt-additives. Oilfield chemicals segment will also remain a notable application segment. Other application segments include anti-caking and others i.e. mining, personal care, and fabric softener. By region, APAC is likely to remain dominant with nearly 30% market value share in 2016. In 2017, this region will witness moderate Y-o-Y growth of 4.2% over 2016.  The next key market is North America that is expected to exhibit a higher Y-o-Y of 6.3% in 2017 over 2016. Sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12913 DuPont, Kao Corporation, AkzoNobel N.V., Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Procter & Gamble Chemicals Company, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, CECA Arkema Group, Lonza, and Volant-Chem Group are some of the leading companies participating in the global fatty amines market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/12913 Long-term Outlook: The global fatty amines market is projected to attain a value of around US$ 2,193.2 Mn by the end of 2020, expanding at a CAGR of 4.1% over 2016-2020. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsFatty Amine Market, Fatty Amines, Fatty Amines Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Armored Vehicles Industry Professional Survey 2017 Deep Market Research Report Next PostNext Chatham Lodging Trust Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts 2017 to 2022 Global Gate Valves Market Research Analysis Report Praj demuestra con éxito su tecnología de etanol celulósico NZX wants best practice in the boardroom with new governance Global Automobile High-strength Steel Market 2017-2021 Forecast Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Gear Grinding Market Research Analysis Report RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Amazon Sees Significant Gains in Sales of Bulky "eCommerce Immune" Items Research from One Click Retail shows that Americans are increasingly turning to Amazon.com for purchasing tools & home improvement, outdoor & sporting goods, and home appliances News provided by One Click Retail 09 May, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this article SALT LAKE CITY, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Amazon's sales of bulkier non-traditional eCommerce items—including those in the Tools & Home Improvement, Outdoor & Sporting Goods and Home Appliance groups—are steadily gaining traction. This according to research from One Click Retail, a market leader in eCommerce data measurement, sales analytics and search optimization for global brand manufacturers. Tools & Home Improvement In the Tools and Home Improvement market, the most revealing figure is the overall growth rate: 35% for Amazon.com, much larger than the U.S. domestic market's total growth of 6%. With many highly-connected (read: ecommerce junkies) young professionals new to home ownership and putting together their own woodshops from scratch, carpentry tools are in big demand right now. This helps to drive Amazon's sales in Woodworking (30%), Tool Organization & Garage Storage (35%) and Power Saws (25%). "Though often seen as an Amazon-proof industry, the old-fashioned American hardware store is not untouchable," explains One Click Retail's VP Nathan Rigby. "Amazon has all the same advantages in the Tools & Home Improvement sector that it has in Grocery, Beauty Products and Health Care — and we've seen plenty of evidence of those industries feeling the Amazon Effect. As more uber-connected millennials enter home ownership, Amazon's share of this product group, like many others, will continue to grow at a disruptive rate." Outdoor & Sporting Goods With dozens of U.S. sporting goods retailers filing for bankruptcy over the last two years, the shift in consumer purchasing preferences and platforms has never been so evident. The reality is that these retailers have failed to compete in a new market paradigm.  One Click Retail's Outdoor & Sporting Goods report confirms that Amazon's 20% YoY growth in this product group is four times the rate of the overall market, valued at $120 billion in 2016. "Amazon understands that it's the consumer driving the company's success," says Rigby. "The ways they are innovating new services and offerings, they are doing so with one thing in mind: is this what the consumer wants? Amazon isn't just selling you the bike, they're selling you the service to professionally assemble it and deliver it to your door. It's no surprise that Amazon bike sales increase 50%." Major Appliances According to One Click Retail data, in 2016 Amazon saw sales in major home appliances upwards of $16.5 million with the top performers in refrigeration, cooking and laundry. While still a relatively small portion of the total retail market, if sales on Amazon mirror the 30%+ growth in Housewares, Amazon is positioned to disrupt the Home Appliances industry. More and more consumers are opting to buy large and mid-size appliances online, deciding that the high shipping expense for these items is worth the ease of having them delivered right to their doorstep. "Much of this growth can be credited to millennials, who spend more than twice as much on housewares online vs other demographics" says One Click Retail's CEO Spencer Millerberg. "They are not only digital natives, but they're eCommerce natives. As this demographic becomes a larger portion of homeownership, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers who do not embrace an online strategy will see sales dwindle. Similarly, if brand manufacturers think they can employ a brick-and-mortar retail strategy without considering both the researching and purchasing habits of today's eCommerce consumer (and the distinctive features of the Amazon platform), they will ultimately lose." Methodology One Click Retail uses a combination of website indexing, machine learning and proprietary software to estimate weekly online sales figures at the SKU level on Amazon. About One Click Retail One Click Retail is a market leader in eCommerce data measurement, sales analytics and search optimization for brand manufacturers in North America, Europe and Asia. Thanks to their proprietary sales calculations that are 98.5% accurate down to the SKU level, OCR's accuracy is unrivaled in the marketplace. The OCR Product Suite provides 1st and 3rd party business intelligence across the 30 largest retailers such as Amazon, Walmart, Target, Staples and Home Depot. The world's top brands, such as Procter & Gamble, Panasonic, Nestle, Hamilton Beach and HP, rely on OCR insights to drive sales and profitability across eCommerce. One Click Retail was acquired by Ascential plc in 2016. For more information, visit the company's website, www.oneclickretail.com, and visit One Click Retail on Twitter and LinkedIn. Media Contact: Pola Hallquist Apothecary Communications for One Click Retail phallquist@apothecarycommunications.com  1-866-213-9210 x801   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/amazon-sees-significant-gains-in-sales-of-bulky-ecommerce-immune-items-300453732.html SOURCE One Click Retail Related Links http://www.oneclickretail.com 06 Apr, 2017, 12:39 ET Preview: Amazon Outpaces Total Market Growth in U.S. Sales of Household Items My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06 Apr, 2017, 12:39 ET Amazon Outpaces Total Market Growth in U.S. Sales of Household... Explore More news releases in similar topics Retail Computer Electronics Electronic Commerce Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Amazon Sees Significant Gains in Sales of Bulky "eCommerce Immune" Items News provided by One Click Retail 09 May, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Collegamenti ad aree di contenuto della pagina vai al contenuto principale vai alla navigazione tra le aree tematiche Go to ANSA.it Ansamed italiano عربي Ricerca search Segui ANSAmed su Facebook Segui ANSAmed su Twitter Segui ANSAmed su YouTube Abbonati ad ANSAMed con gli Rss ANSAmred su Dailymotion News Photo Video Media Home Regions Abruzzo | Basilicata | Calabria | Campania | Emilia Romagna | Friuli Venezia Giulia | Lazio | Liguria | Lombardy | Marche Molise | Piedmont | Apulia | Sardinia | Sicily | Tuscany | Trentino-Alto Adige/Suedtirol | Umbria | Aosta Valley | Veneto Countries Albania | Algeria | Bosnia Erzegovina | Croatia | Cyprus | Egypt | Europe | France | Greece | Kosovo | Kuwait | Israel | Italy | Jordan | Lebanon | Libya | Malta | Mauritania | Montenegro | Morocco | Oman | Palestinian N.A. | Portugal | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Serbia | Slovenia | Spain | Syria | Tunisia | Turkey | United Arab Emirates | Yemen | News Analysis Politics Economy Culture Energy Transport Tourism Science Sport Euromed Environment Books You are here: ANSAmed General news Festival of Media Awards: prize for best ideas in the sector Festival of Media Awards: prize for best ideas in the sector MediaCom global media agency among winners 09 May, 20:08 Tweet Back Back Send Scrivi alla redazione Suggest prev next prev next ROME - The 'Festival of Media Global Awards', an award ceremony for the best ideas and campaigns in the communication sector, wrapped up the first day of conferences of the Festival of Media which is being held at the Rome Cavalieri hotel. Global media agency MediaCom won six prizes, including the Agency network of the year and Campaign of the year, thanks to the project 'Missing Type' through which the agency raised the public's awareness on the need for blood donors in the United Kingdom. Its parent company GroupM also won the prize Media group of the year. Other winners included the Touché! Agency as Agency of the year, while Mediaplus won the award for Independent agency of the year with the campaigns WhatsGerman and The Fashion Mag hijack and the agency OMD won six prizes thanks to its campaigns End of Silence and Capacity Mac Delivery. Prizes were also awarded to winners from New Zealand, Mexico, Israel, Costa Rica, Norway, Singapore, South Africa and the Dominican Republic. The jury this year, formed by experts in the sector from all over the world, was divided in two groups chaired by Sarah Mansfield, vice president of Global Media for Europe and the Americas of Unilever and Gerry D'Angelo, Global Media director of P&G. ''It is an honor to chair the Festival of Global Media Awards this year, the work has been high-level and a source of inspiration'', stressed Mansfield.  © Copyright ANSA - All rights reserved Indietro Home condividi: Business opportunities The information system of business opportunities abroad Select the country: select... Albania Algeria Bosnia Erzegovina Croatia Cyprus Egypt France Greece Kosovo Kuwait Israel Italy Jordan Lebanon Libya Malta Mauritania Montenegro Morocco Oman Palestinian N.A. Portugal Qatar Saudi Arabia Serbia Slovenia Spain Syria Tunisia Turkey United Arab Emirates Yemen European Union and Mediterranean Environment: Enpi ILE project launches eco-volunteer Med net EU's DAEDALUS project to aid job-seeking across Med Ministry of Foreign Affairs Africa cooperation at Taormina G7 - Alfano MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS FARNESINA'S VIDEO Services Diary Ansamed Partners News from Mediterranean Italian Regions Site index News Politics Economy Culture Energy Tourism Science Sport Euromed Environment Books Events from Mediterranean Regions Abruzzo, Basilicata, Calabria, Campania, Emilia Romagna, Friuli Venezia Giulia, Lazio, Liguria, Lombardy, Marche Molise, Piedmont, Apulia, Sardinia, Sicily, Tuscany, Trentino-Alto Adige/Suedtirol, Umbria, Aosta Valley, Veneto Countries Albania, Algeria, Bosnia Erzegovina , Croatia, Cyprus, Egypt, Europe, France, Greece, Kosovo, Kuwait, Israel, Italy, Jordan, Lebanon, Libya, Malta, Mauritania, Montenegro, Morocco, Oman, Palestinian N.A. , Portugal, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Slovenia, Spain, Syria, Tunisia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, Service Agenda ANSAmed Partners ANSAmed live Video Photo © Copyright 2010 ANSAmed Contacts | Disclaimer | Privacy | Copyright
Skip to main content Main menu The Philippine Star Pilipino Star Ngayon The Freeman Pang-Masa Banat philstar.com Philippine News for the Filipino Global Community Masthead, pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: Wed | 05/10/2017 02:14pm | Forex: $1:49.925 Search form Search Follow Us: Follow @PhilstarNews Secondary menu Home Headlines Opinion Nation World Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Other Sections Travel LIFESTYLE on INSTAGRAM TRAVEL on INSTAGRAM FOOD on INSTAGRAM PET on INSTAGRAM Lifestyle Skinning Left for Specific Article, pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: Lifestyle Features - Fashion and Beauty ( Leaderboard Top ), pagematch: , sectionmatch: 1 5 ways to ‘mom-per’  (philstar.com) | Updated May 9, 2017 - 1:19pm Left: Mom and beauty queen Shamcey Supsup-Lee at the launch of SM Pro Beauty Card. Right: The spa in F1 Hotel, Bonifacio Global City. TV host and Academy Award-winning actress Oprah called motherhood “the toughest job in the world,” and it might just be. Being the light of our homes, mothers have always been tirelessly and selflessly providing for their loved ones. Thus, on this special day, we want to encourage all the mothers to treat yourself to a well-deserved pampering. Whether it is with makeup, fragrances, or beauty treatments, feel free to give your mom some love by indulging on the things that make her happy. Facial masks, hair spa at home Moms, according to a beauty expert, put their family ahead of themselves. So, this Mother’s Day, Vicki Encarnacion Marketing Director for beauty and wellness company Watsons Philippines, invites moms and their families to “mom-per,” that is, to pamper the most important woman in their lives and shower her with lots of love and beauty rest. To make moms “less guilty” when shopping to pamper themselves, Watsons recently launched “Members Get More” campaign where members get more savings, more points and more value in more than 500 Watsons stores nationwide. The campaign, says Encarnacion, gives shoppers more reasons to come back to Watsons by giving more rewards and exclusive privileges to card-bearing customers. Cardholders who shop at Watsons will be entitled to “members only” promotions that allow them to earn more reward points, which they can also use to pay for their next purchases. Members can also enjoy more discounts, as they can choose from hundreds of products on member price.  Lifestyle Feature ( Article MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: They can also get exclusive freebies and easily join eRaffle promotions exclusive to members such as the recent “Make Your Summer Promo,” where members get a chance to win a trip for four to any of 5 local summer destinations. Members will also be the first to be notified of upcoming deals and offers and can receive invites to exclusive events. Also included in the Watsons loyalty program are SM Prestige and BDO Rewards card. “At Watsons, we want to make our shoppers special. So we make sure they enjoy perks of being a loyal customer every time they visit our stores. With the Members Get More program, they can get more savings, more points and even get exclusive prices simply by using their SM Advantage Card,” says Encarnacion. For Mother’s Day, she recommends ‘mom-pering’ through skincare, body care, hair spa, facial masks, and other beauty products that enable moms to pamper themselves even at the comforts of their own home. Give mom a summer makeover Eyebrows on fleek, lipstick applied flawlessly and foundation blended seamlessly are only some of the things we want to learn how to do. All of us, those who wear makeup at least, seek to improve our techniques. We want to be updated on the latest trends, which include drunken blush, gradient lip, fake freckles and strobing, among others.  We loved 2016 but we’re ready to launch a new routine. To do that, we need to recharge our makeup kits and learn from the masters. We also have to score the latest and hottest products and where else to get that but at The SM Store Beauty Section.  Makeup artists know where to go when they need something for their clients and that’s The SM Store Beauty Section, the Philippines’ biggest beauty retailer. From the dazzling interiors to the sheer amount of global brands at your fingertips, SM Beauty lives up to its status as a haven for women longing for a unique beauty experience.   For 2017, makeup artists took part in a fabulous Glam Session at the SM Beauty Section of SM Makati. Guests got a peek of what’s hot right now and what to look forward to in the coming seasons in terms of makeup. Over 200 of the best makeup artists in the Philippines were in attendance during the event, which also served as a shopping party for them.  SM Beauty Glam Session was more than an event filled with beauty and glamor. It celebrated the long and solid relationship and association between SM Beauty and these makeup artists.Each makeup artist present during the event received an SM Beauty PRO-Card, which entitles him or her to a 10% discount for purchases at the SM Beauty Section. Further, the PRO-Card holders enjoy perks from the store, such as first dibs on new collections and exclusive invite to events. The SM Store Beauty Section is the biggest beauty store in country offering “So Much Beauty” with the widest range of cosmetics and fragrance products in the country. The flagship store in SM Makati spans almost 2,500 square meters, housing almost 200 of the most esteemed local and global beauty brands. The Cosmetics and Skin section are aglow with brands like Dior, MAC, Clinique, Aveda, Kiehl's, Glamglow and so much more. The luxury fragrance line up boasts of Prada, Nest, Lalique, Atelier Colognes, ThieryMugler, Guerlain& Jean Patou among others. At SM Beauty, you can also find your favorite masstigebrands, including BYS, Happy Skin,Pixi, Ofra, K-Palette, Nyx, The Body Shop and more. Explore the world at SM Beauty, which offers the best of the best from makeup to skin care to fragrance brands. Play with textures and colors as you find your perfect look. SM Advantage, Prestige and BDO Rewards Card holders alsoget exclusive discounts and promos at the The SM Store Beauty Section. ‘Infallible’ makeup for mom Tired of makeup that fail and melt down on oily skin? L’Oreal Paris recently launched Infallible Pro-Matte 24-hour Foundation, formulated for oily skin. It promises to deliver 24 hours of long wear and resists oil, sweat, and caking, making it the ideal foundation for hot weather. Its air-light texture and matte powder finish aims to give a comfortable wear from day until night. The foundation’s formula is packed with mattifying perlite mineralts that act like a blotting paper in absorbing excess oil and sweat, for a shine-free look all day. Complete your look with Infallible Pro-Contour, which contours and highlights in one stroke. Its special applicator allows users to sculpt cheeks, nose, forehead, and jawline with one sweep of the brush. Seventy-five women from Barangay Sto. Nino in Marikina City will receive skills training in hairdressing from L’Oreal’s team of hair professionals this year as part of L’Oreal Philippines’ “Beauty for a Better Life” program developed to gift underprivileged communities with a free, international and high-quality training. The program will take trainees through three months of classes capped by an internship at a Metro Manila salon. Led by the L’Oréal Foundation and implemented in different countries, “Beauty for a Better Life” is one of the Foundation’s key programs to help women in difficult situations regain their dignity, humanity, and femininity and help them reintegrate into society. Philippines becomes the 26th country in the worldwide line-up of L’Oréal subsidiaries who implement the global program. “Fulfilling our role as a great citizen, we at L’Oréal Philippinesbelieve that beauty has the power to change lives. Beauty contributes to feeling better and living better, and gives women that extra boost of confidence they need to truly feel their best.  But in a deeper way, beauty can positively impact and improve lives through programs like “Beauty for a Better Life” which, beyond uplifting spirits, accompanies women on the path to employment,” explains Carmel Valencia, L’Oréal Philippines Corporate Communication Manager. “Confidence can be like a “light at the end of the tunnel” for women who have encountered difficult situations in their lives. We believe that education provides the freedom to choose and build one’s future. Conscious that a large segment of the local population in the Philippines live below the poverty level, the L’Oréal Foundation and L’Oréal Philippines have made it our mission to redefine how ‘Beauty’ can impact the quality of life in these areas, not just through the brands that we carry but also through new avenues that offer a better tomorrow.” Infallible Pro-Matte 24-hour Foundation Try wine-infused waxing Thinking of going on a trip for the holidays? Get into the spirit of the season and make sure you stay confidently beautiful enough to bare wherever you go with STRIP’s limited-edition Mulled Wine Wax. Following the same well-loved formula that Strip has been known for, Mulled Wine Wax is perfect for those who are thinking of getting Brazilian or Boyzilian for the first time. It is infused with the warm and festive scent of red wine, orange, cloves, and cinnamon, which is sure to get you into a holiday mood. Packed with the healing effects of aloe vera and chamomile, Strip’s waxes are known for significantly reducing any discomfort that is often associated with waxing, making it ideal for use on sensitive areas. In addition, it also helps keep waxed areas well-hydrated, and even brightens it with regular use. Strip currently has three locations in the Philippines, including Serendra, Greenbelt 5 and Mega Fashion Hall. Staying true to their commitment of making waxing and brow grooming services available to all, Harem Inc., the company behind Strip and Browhaus Manila formally introduces their loyalty plus cards.  “We, at Strip and Browhaus, always strive hard to give the best service for our patrons. With our loyalty plus cards, we want show our appreciation for their support by rewarding them for each time they avail of our services,” said Strip & Browhaus chief executive officer and founder Cynthia Chua, who flew all the way from Singapore in time for the launch of the loyalty cards. These cards allow their patrons to earn points that can be used to pay for services at any Strip and Browhaus branch. They also double as ATM and debit cards that can be used to purchase online. “We are also working on exciting partnerships that will allow our patrons to use the cards for international purchases. So please watch out for that,” said Cynthia. Mulled wine Protect your hair from the sun Everyone knows that being out in the sun is bad for your skin. But what about your hair? Whether you are walking to and from class or work or lounging around enjoying the summer sun in leisure—exposing your hair to the elements can make your strands feel fried, frizzy, and lifeless. “Excessive exposure to ultraviolet rays (UV) can make hair look and feel dry, dull, and brittle from the outside. Sun exposure attacks the basic building blocks of hair – the proteins, therefore compromising your hair.” says Saint Tiu, Procter & Gamble’s Senior Scientist for Asia Pacific. A typical hair fiber can contain as much as 90 percent proteins. When hair is exposed to UV, the light radiation negatively affects almost everything that comprises the hair structure. This may cause hair dryness, reduced strength, rough surface texture, loss of color and luster, stiffness and brittleness. Filipino women, in particular, are born with dark hair which contains more photo-sensitive proteins. This means it will have greater protein loss when exposed to UV, not to mention the damage that tropical humidity can inflict on your strands – especially so during the summer when the UV index peaks and is at its highest. Pantene Pro-V Summer Rescue Shampoo and 3 Minute Miracle Summer Rescue Conditioner are a hair care regimen specifically created to address hair’s needs during the summer. The simple two-step system helps prevent damage caused by UV exposure by leaving hair strands with deep moisture and a protective shield. The conditioner also has the Pro-Vitamin formula that contains 40 percent more Deep Repair Essence so you get more actives to restore your hair’s health. The Pro-Vitamin formula penetrates deep into the hair’s inner core, and leaves a thin layer of protective shield to prevent against future UV damage, leaving the hair silky and not sticky. Gabbi Garcia will be the first Filipina Pantene ambassador for Asia. Gabbi, a budding actress in Philippine show business, is just one of the millions of Filipinas who are exposed to extreme heat and hair damage. To prove the benefit of Pantene Summer Rescue, Gabbi shot her latest Pantene commercial under extreme heat of the Australian desert at 45 degrees Celsius. As she is always out and about for photo shoots and film tapings, it is important for Gabbi to find a hair care regimen that is easy to use and simple to follow, while ensuring that it consistently delivers a clean, refreshing feel, perfect during summer’s hottest days. Gabbi Garcia for Pantene — Deni Rose M. Afinidad-Bernardo Lifestyle Feature ( Article MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: Click here to join the discussion Follow Us: Follow @PhilstarNews Sponsored Posts Transgender roles go mainstream in new Boysen ad Kara David shares joys, travails of being a single mom to daughter Julia 3 tourist-friendly provinces that will teach us about water this summer 3 questions to help you find your perfect car match Can Raymond Gutierrez follow Erwan Heussaff’s fitness footsteps? Mang Inasal campaign wins Silver at Kidlat Awards 14,000 runners defy their limits at 2017 NatGeo Earth Day Run 8 hacks to keep your car cool this summer Video of kids sharing their milk memories delights viewers More Fashion and Beauty Exclusive: Interview with new 'Project Runway' judge Rebecca Minkoff Let there be (white caviar) light Investing in luxury bags that marry trendy and classic Need for speed: Baume & Mercier makes a wearable Shelby Cobra Luis Luque & Reyna Quisumbing: Rain or shine, love finds a way Sections Home Headlines Opinion Nation World Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Other Sections Feedback View the discussion thread. Lifestyle Feature ( MRec 1), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: Lifestyle Feature ( MRec 2), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: LATEST STORIES TRENDING Makati police chief, intelligence head sacked May 10, 2017 - 1:35pm Kobe Paras defends choosing Cal State May 10, 2017 - 1:25pm Jordan Sta. Ana at home with UST Growling Tigers May 10, 2017 - 1:07pm Roach sees Horn fight as a 'tune-up' for Pacquiao May 10, 2017 - 12:38pm Duterte congratulates new South Korean president May 10, 2017 - 12:26pm Transgender roles go mainstream in new Boysen ad (Sponsored) Kara David shares joys, travails of being a single mom to daughter Julia (Sponsored) View more » Lifestyle Feature ( Button Ad ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Lifestyle Features ( Skyscraper 1 ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: Lifestyle Skinning Right for Specific Article, pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: Philstar Global About | Contact | Advertise Unit 909-910 Infinity Tower 26th St. BGC, Taguig City Tel. No. (632) 847-0048 Site Map Privacy Policy Member Agreement Copyright Notice Copyright © 2017. Philstar. All Right Reserved
