Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: What Will Happen to Procter & Gamble Co's Shaving Business? Market share is down over the past few years, but the company has a plan to jump-start sales growth. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Mar 30, 2017 at 1:50PM There aren't many consumer products segments Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) dominates as thoroughly as shaving. With help from powerhouse brands, including Gillette, Mach3, and Fusion, P&G is the global leader for a product that millions of people use daily. In fact, it commands 65% of the blades and razors market. However, this attractive product line is under fierce attack, both from value-focused rivals and from subscription services like Unilever's Dollar Shave Club. Recent competitive wins have whittled P&G's market share down from 70% just four years ago. Below, we'll take a closer look at the prospects for this key product segment. Image source: Getty Images. An increasingly crowded field Procter & Gamble's grooming division accounts for 11% of sales and is dwarfed by larger segments like fabric care, home to Tide detergent, and baby care, anchored by the Pampers and Luvs diaper brands. Yet grooming accounts for an outsized 15% of earnings, so it's no wonder that the shaving franchises were kept on board even as the company shed nearly 100 brands from its portfolio over the last two years. The division has also been home to some of the company's worst demand losses recently. Grooming shed over one percentage point of market share in fiscal 2016 due to a combination of negative trends that included a weak sales environment in the U.S., surging competition from in-store brands, and growing e-commerce challenges. That last threat only intensified after Unilever acquired Dollar Shave Club and promised to aggressively promote the service as a tool to expand deeper into the $42 billion male grooming category. Fighting back with new offerings Procter & Gamble is responding by stepping up its online efforts and introducing a wide range of new disposable and premium technologies to better defend against competitors across the value spectrum. The early results on these initiatives are encouraging. Market share trends have been improving recently, which is just one reason why the company raised its growth outlook at its last quarterly check-in. P&G sees organic sales rising 2.5% at the midpoint of guidance, not too far behind the 3.7% that Unilever achieved over the past 12 months. Innovation is key to defending the company's market position, and that's why it's so important that premium products like the new Gillette Fusion perform well. In addition to staying one step ahead with new product introductions, P&G will need to support its releases with aggressive marketing campaigns. A growing part of that blitz now includes sampling. The company aims to distribute more than two million Fusion razors to young men on their 18th birthday this year. Looking ahead The grooming category grew at a 2% organic sales pace in the most recent quarter, improving from the 1% uptick a year ago. Ultimately, P&G hopes to achieve with shaving what it has done with laundry over the long term. With new releases like Tide Pods and Downy fabric softener beads, the category has expanded dramatically since the 1970s, and as the market leader, P&G has pulled in more than its fair share of that sales and profit growth. Before it can realistically target an expanding opportunity in the same way for grooming, however, the company will need to start showing evidence that its three-year global market share slide is ending. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Mar 30, 2017 at 1:50PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.20 down $0.40 (-0.44%) Read More What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Procter & Gamble Company Procter & Gamble Co. Earnings Give Investors Something to Celebrate Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current What Will Happen to Procter & Gamble Co's Shaving Business? @themotleyfool #stocks $PG
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Weir Group Plc (The) (WEGRY) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) Given New GBX 270 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Abaxis Inc (ABAX) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research SVB Financial Group (SIVB) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (NWBI) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Sandvine Co. (SVC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts IG Group Holdings plc (IGG) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages MMA Capital Management LLC (MMAC) Director Lisa Marie Roberts Purchases 1,000 Shares of Stock Ceres Global Ag Corp. (CRP) Insider Robert William Day Purchases 5,000 Shares of Stock Secure Trust Bank Plc (STB) Given Buy Rating at Shore Capital Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Upgraded by Sanford C. Bernstein to Outperform Horizon Pharma PLC’s (HZNP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Universal Technical Institute, Inc. (UTI) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Research Analysts Set Expectations for Bioverativ Inc’s FY2019 Earnings (BIVV) Freehold Royalties Ltd (FRU) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Daimler AG (DAI) a €72.00 Price Target Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research March 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report released on Wednesday morning. According to Zacks, “P&G shares have underperformed the Zacks categorized Soap & Cleaning Preparations industry so far this year. The company has been struggling over the past few quarters to boost sales significantly. Major foreign exchange headwind, weak volumes, divestitures and slowing market growth have been hurting sales. Soft consumer spending environment in developed markets also adds to the worries. That said, P&G is known for its strong brand recognition, diversified portfolio, impressive product development capabilities and marketing prowess as well as strong cash flow productivity. the company is investing in its brands and products as well as redesigning the supply chain to improve productivity and organic growth. Importantly, its productivity improvements and aggressive cost-saving efforts have consistently improved margins with the trend expected to continue in future quarters.” Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating and issued a $101.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a neutral rating and a $98.00 price target for the company. Vetr upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $88.80 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a hold rating and issued a $90.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $90.73. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.15% on Wednesday, reaching $90.46. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,202,052 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $90.55 and its 200-day moving average is $87.03. The firm has a market cap of $231.26 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.57 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12 month low of $79.10 and a 12 month high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The company had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.04 EPS. Procter & Gamble Co’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/30/procter-gamble-co-pg-upgraded-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at $3,291,645. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total transaction of $5,126,855.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133 over the last quarter. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 4.0% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 148,651 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,586,000 after buying an additional 5,732 shares during the period. Oliver Luxxe Assets LLC increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 8.4% in the third quarter. Oliver Luxxe Assets LLC now owns 43,359 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,891,000 after buying an additional 3,351 shares during the period. Sadoff Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.3% in the third quarter. Sadoff Investment Management LLC now owns 363,529 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,627,000 after buying an additional 925 shares during the period. Nadler Financial Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 5.6% in the third quarter. Nadler Financial Group Inc. now owns 4,378 shares of the company’s stock valued at $393,000 after buying an additional 231 shares during the period. Finally, Advisory Services Network LLC increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 32.8% in the third quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC now owns 41,917 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,762,000 after buying an additional 10,342 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Procter & Gamble Co (PG) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Top Research Reports for Alphabet, 3M and P&amp;G Shutterstock photo Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Today’s Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Alphabet (GOOGL), 3M (MMM), and Procter & Gamble (PG). You can see all of today’s research reports here >>> Buy rated Alphabet shares led the Zacks Tech sector at the start of the year, but have consistently underperformed the Tech sector since the weaker than expected quarterly report on January 26th (the stock is up +7.3% in the year-to-date period vs. +9.7% for the Tech sector. The stock responds strongly to quarterly earnings reports and has been weak following the last two reports, so expectations are likely modest ahead of the April 27th earnings release. The Zacks analyst points out the company’s good execution to date, more or less maintaining its dominant share in a competitive, fast-growing search market. The company’s focus on innovation, strategic acquisitions and Android OS should continue to generate strong cash flows. However, the promise of Google’s non-search businesses continue getting pushed into future even as the company’s spending keeps rising. (You can read the full research report onAlphabet here >> ) Shares of Buy rated 3M have gained +8.4% over the last six months, outperforming the Zacks Diversified Operations industry, which has gained +5.7% over the same period. The Zacks analyst likes 3M’s global footprint, diversified product portfolio and ability to penetrate different markets. During 2016-2020, 3M expects 8-11% growth in earnings per share driven by an organic sales growth of 2-5%. 3M is standardizing its business processes through a new, global ERP system and expects $500 to $700 million in annual operational savings by 2020. The company has offered a relatively healthy guidance for 2017 and expects GAAP earnings to be $8.45-$8.80 per share, representing year-over-year growth of 4-8%. However, the company is facing increased pension expenses as its workforce begins to retire. In addition, the company is susceptible to high commodity price risks. (You can read the full research report on 3M here >> ) Procter & Gamble shares outperformed the Zacks Consumer Staples sector in the past year (+9.8% vs. +3.5%) on the back of improved organic sales and improving margins as a result of productivity gains and cost-saving efforts. Also, P&G shares have outperformed the S&P 500 index in the year-to-date period (up +7.9% vs +5.3%). P&G’s quarterly results exceeded expectations. On the flip side, the Zacks analyst points to mature end markets and the negative impact of the strong U.S. dollar as some of the headwinds for the stock. Also, flat pricing/mix is reflective of increased competition and lack of transformational innovation. The company also lost global market share in three of its five reporting segments. (You can read the full research report on Procter & Gamble here >> ) Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include Philip Morris (PM), Ford (F) and Barclays (BCS). Today’s Private Buys & Sells from Zacks Research While we share the above news with the public, our sensitive recommendations are hidden from everyone but selected members. Would you like to peek behind the curtain and view them? Starting today, for the next month, you can follow all Zacks’ private buys and sells in real time from value to momentum  . . . from stocks under $10 to ETF and option moves . . . from insider trades to companies that are about to report positive earnings surprises (we’ve called them with 80%+ accuracy). You can even look inside portfolios so exclusive that they are normally closed to new investors. Click here for Zacks’ secret trades >> Sheraz Mian Director of Research Note: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here >>> Today’s Must Read Alphabet (GOOGL) Grows on Innovation and Diversification 3M (MMM) Well Positioned for Healthy Organic Growth Procter & Gamble’s (PG) Cost Saving Plans Impress, Fx Woes Stay Featured Reports BioDelivery’s (BDSI) Q4 Loss Wider; Key Drugs Hit by Generics Though sales force consolidation is expected to drive results, generic competition may hurt the same, believes the Zacks analyst. Barclays (BCS) Streamlining Efforts to Support Profitability The covering analyst thinks Barclays’ efforts to streamline and simplify operations continue leading to lower costs, thereby supporting profitability. Williams-Sonoma (WSM) Tops Q4 Earnings, Weak Comps Continue The Zacks analyst thinks comparable brand revenues have been sluggish due to soft retail environment and cautious customers. Rogers Comm. (RCI) Wireless Services Bode Well, Risks Stay The covering analyst thinks despite competitive wireless and cable TV industry, Rogers Communications continues to be the first Canadian wireless operator that offers three Internet of Things services. Welltower (HCN) Aims at Bolstering Portfolio Amid Rate Hike The Zacks analyst thinks Welltower’s diverse portfolio and strategic investments augur well. However, rate hike is a concern for the company having high exposure to long-term leased assets. RCM Holds Promise, Competition Hurts Cerner’s (CERN)Growth The Zacks analyst believes that Cerner has growth opportunities in the revenue Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) suite of solutions. Stanley Black (SWK) Poised to Grow on Inorganic Activities Stanley Black hiked its 2017-earnings guidance, driven by earnings accretions expected from Newell Tools and Craftsman Brand buyouts. New Upgrades Philip Morris (PM) Invests on Heatsticks; Raises FY View The Zacks analyst thinks Philip Morris’ focus on Heatsticks is reflected by an investment of ???300 million for a manufacturing plant for IQOS. It raised fiscal 2017 view to reflect lower currency woes. Quest Diagnostics (DGX) Grows Solid on Tests & Latest Tie-Up The covering analyst is bullish about Quest’s strong growth in esoteric testing, prescription drug monitoring and wellness business. Its latest tie-Up with Ancestry and IBM is also a positive Baker Hughes’ (BHI) Solid Portfolio to Fuel Growth The Zacks analyst believes that Baker Hughes’ strong portfolio of products and services should help it post better-than-average results over the long term in North America. New Downgrades Ford (F) Downgraded on Weak First-Quarter Guidance Ford provided weak guidance for first-quarter 2017. The Zacks analyst thinks the company faces many concerns including regional challenges, increasing costs and recalls, and high investment plans. Arthur J. Gallagher’s (AJG) Rising Expenses Remain a Concern The covering analyst thinks that Arthur J. Gallagher’s rising expenses will continue to have a negative impact on the operating margin. Also, foreign exchange volatility is expected to impact results. General Dynamics (GD) Hurt by Competition & Falling Orders The Zacks analyst believes that as General Dynamics operates in a highly competitive market, it may lose out to its competitors in case it fails to keep upgrading its technologies. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Philip Morris International Inc (PM): Free Stock Analysis Report Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG): Free Stock Analysis Report 3M Company (MMM): Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis Report Ford Motor Company (F): Free Stock Analysis Report Barclays PLC (BCS): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Environment, force, general, Industry, Internet, lose, major, Markets, post, private, Technology, TV, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Stocks Sleep In Next PostNext IncellDx Releases CE-IVD Quantitative Single Cell PD-L1 OncoTect iO® Assay Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
× Limited offer | FREE How Long is Now? book when you SUBSCRIBE HERE today! New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password Connect with: Facebook Google Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Home Regulars Feedback 13 April 1996 The Last Word — on shaving foam Close shave This article is being made free to view thanks to sponsorship from P&G Q: What function does shaving foam perform during a wet shave, and why is a similar product not necessary for shaving with an electric razor? A: The razor blade’s efficiency to cut increases with the wetness of the hair. Shaving foam or gel increases this wetness, making the blade’s task easier. Also, the razor must glide over the skin without cutting it. Most hand razors have strips on either side of the blade to help this gliding action, but the foam or gel also eases this movement. Advertisement It is possible to dry shave with a razor, and you may experience this when you visit a barber. He may get out a blade and trim the back of your hair or your sideburns without gel or foam— although he won’t do this to your beard, as this hair is thicker and requires the wetting/lubricating effect described above. In dry shaving with an electric razor, a completely different mechanism is at work. The gliding action is produced by the metallic grid covering the blades, which stops the moving parts abrading the skin. This set-up also allows the hairs to protrude through the grid, exposing them to the cutting mechanism, and it works on the principle of shearing rather than simply cutting like a razor blade. The shear force is created by the grid (and the skin) which holds one end of the hair in place while the mechanism moves sideways, trapping the hair between grid and blade. A shear is created, similar to the action of scissors on paper, and the hair is chopped. A brittle hair is more likely to succumb to this action, which means a wetting and lubricating effect is actually a hindrance. So a wet shave is ideal for blade shaving, whereas a dry shave is ideal for electric shaving. David Aldridge Cobham, Surrey A: I once read an interview with a scientist from Gillette, the American shaving cream manufacturer, who explained that a razor can cut wet hair more easily than dry hair. The only purpose of the shaving cream, he said, was to hold the water. Hair gets its maximum saturation in water after about two minutes, he added. I was in the habit of shaving every morning before I took a shower, but I was too impatient to wait two minutes after applying the cream. It struck me that, instead of shaving first, I should simply wait until I had finished showering and my beard would be fully saturated. I reasoned that I should be able to shave then, without using any shaving cream. I tried it, and got the cleanest, smoothest shave I ever had in my life. I have never used shaving cream since. I apologise to Gillette if the honesty of their scientist results in reduced sales. Norman Bauman New York, US A: I have concluded the most prized function of shaving foam is to indicate the bits unrazed. Anthony Swain Oldham, Lancashire Simply yellow Q: I read that this autumn (1995), the colour of the leaves on deciduous trees was predominantly yellow rather than red. Is there some seasonal effect that influences the colour of the pigments in leaves after the chlorophyll has broken down? A: Quite a detailed account of the chemistry of autumn colours was given in the October 1986 edition of the American Chemical Society journal for high school students, Chem Matters. Briefly, in addition to their green chlorophyll pigment, leaves also contain a yellow carotenoid pigment, but this colour is masked by the green for much of the year. The amount of both pigments depends on the amount of photosynthesis that has taken place. So a long hot summer with bright, sunny days well into September will result in a high concentration of both pigments. But this is only true if there is also an adequate supply of water, which may not have been the case everywhere in 1995. As autumn approaches, the protein to which the chlorophyll is bound breaks down into amino acids, which are transported to the roots for storage. Having lost its protein, the chlorophyll also breaks down, revealing the carotenoid pigments. The better the summer, the more carotenoids and the brighter the yellow colours. During photosynthesis sugars are produced in the leaf, which are used to form new wood throughout most of the summer. In autumn, however, the sugars are also transported to the roots for winter storage. As the nights get colder (below about 10 °C) the sugar solution may become too viscous to move to the roots, so when the leaf is finally sealed off during autumn by the formation of a layer of cork cells, some sugar solution may remain. This sugar is turned into anthocyanins, the red pigment of autumn leaves. There will be fewer anthocyanins if warm autumn evenings allow the sugar to be sent to the roots. So a hot summer followed by a warm autumn leads to strong yellow colours, but fewer reds. Peter Borrows Epping, Essex In the dumps Q: Why do cooked dumplings float while uncooked ones remain close to the bottom of the pot? A: The reason that dumplings float once they are cooked relates to the presence of baking powder. Usually dumplings are made with plain flour and a large quantity of baking powder. When the mixture is placed into boiling water, the baking powder decomposes to liberate carbon dioxide. This becomes trapped within the dough matrix—held together with the gluten in the flour—and therefore provides buoyancy for the dumplings. You could try making them without any raising agent to see if they remained sunken but I would not advise eating them. However, this cannot be the only explanation because if you cook meatballs, these too only float once they have been properly cooked and yet they contain no raising agent whatsoever. David Hauton Dover, Kent A: The object of putting raising agents in dumpling dough is to make them lighter when they are cooked. They do this by producing gases in the presence of water or heat. This causes them to become less dense during cooking, and they float. The practice of beating dumpling dough, or of incorporating beaten egg white would also produce this effect: the air spaces that became incorporated in the dough would expand during heating and make it less dense. However, old, cold dumplings can become waterlogged if you leave them in soup. They become more dense and, sadly, return to the bottom of the pot. Alan Scott Lewes, East Sussex This week’s questions Sealed in light: When I am opening some types of self-sealing envelopes I notice that there is a purple fluorescent effect within the gum. It only lasts for a very short time, but can be repeated if I reseal the envelope and pull apart again. What causes this effect? Stewart Duguid Edinburgh Live wire: Where does the force come from when you are thrown horizontally across a room after touching a live electrical connection? I thought there was a reaction to every action, but there is no obvious push from the electricity. John Davies Ahmadi, Kuwait Advertisement Magazine issue 2025, published 13 April 1996 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Hooked on the Net Next article Review : Certainty surveyed Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright Reed Business Information Ltd. Back to top
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Rani Molla Podcasts Events ✕ Commerce Amazon E-commerce Amazon and Walmart are in an all-out price war that is terrifying America’s biggest brands Grocery suppliers are feeling the squeeze — big-time. by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Mar 30, 2017, 1:44pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Joe Raedle / Getty Last month, Walmart gathered some of America’s biggest household brands near its Arkansas headquarters for a tough talk. For years, Walmart had dominated the retail landscape on the back of its “Everyday Low Price” guarantee. But now, Walmart was too often getting beaten on price. So company executives were there, in part, to reset expectations with Walmart’s suppliers — the consumer brands whose chips, sodas and diapers line the shelves of its Supercenters and its website. Walmart wants to have the lowest price on 80 percent of its sales, according to a presentation the company made at the summit, which Recode reviewed. To accomplish that, the brands that sell their goods through Walmart would have to cut their wholesale prices or make other cost adjustments to shave at least 15 percent off. In some cases, vendors say they would lose money on each sale if they met Walmart’s demands. Brands that agree to play ball with Walmart could expect better distribution and more strategic help from the giant retailer. And to those that didn’t? Walmart said it would limit their distribution and create its own branded products to directly challenge its own suppliers. “Once every three or four years, Walmart tells you to take the money you’re spending on [marketing] initiatives and invest it in lower prices,” said Jason Goldberg, the head of the commerce practice at SapientRazorfish, a digital agency that works with large brands and retailers. “They sweep all the chips off the table and drill you down on price.” But this time around, Walmart’s renewed focus on its “Everyday Low Price” promise coincides with Amazon’s increased aggressiveness in its own pricing of the packaged goods that are found on supermarket shelves and are core to Walmart’s success, industry executives and consultants say. The result in recent months has been a high-stakes race to the bottom between Walmart and Amazon that seems great for shoppers, but has consumer packaged goods brands feeling the pressure. The pricing crackdown also comes in the wake of Walmart’s $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com and its CEO Marc Lore. Lore now runs Walmart.com and has said one of his mandates is to create new ways for the retailer to beat everyone else on price, including Amazon. The pricing pressure has ignited intense wargaming inside the largest CPG companies, according to people familiar with discussions at Procter & Gamble, Unilever, PepsiCo, Mondelez and Kimberly-Clark. There is no one-size-fits-all solution. “It’s dominating the conversation every week,” said an executive at one of these companies. Representatives for these companies either declined to comment or failed to respond to requests for comment. Executives inside these companies would only speak on a condition of anonymity because negotiations with retailers are confidential. An Amazon spokesperson said in an email: “At Amazon we protect low prices for our customers, every single day — nothing has changed in terms of our focus or how we operate.” Walmart did not provide a comment. Amazon algorithm One piece of the battle, executives say, is an Amazon algorithm that works to match or beat prices from other websites and stores. Former Amazon employees say it finds the lowest price per unit or per ounce for a given product — even if it’s in a huge bulk-size pack at Costco — and applies it across the same type of good on Amazon, even when the pack size is much smaller. So let’s imagine Costco is selling a pack of 10 bags of Doritos for $10 — or $1 per bag. Amazon’s algorithm notes that one bag is $1 at Costco and, in turn, lowers the price on Amazon of a single bag of Doritos to $1. That is a great deal for customers — something that is likely driving the decision at Amazon, where an obsession with customer value dominates its strategy. But now, Amazon is selling individual items at Costco prices while not getting the same wholesale price that Costco enjoys. In short, it’s going to be really hard for Amazon to turn a profit on those goods. When Walmart sees this, it freaks out on the supplier, industry executives say. And it doesn’t matter to Walmart that Amazon may not be getting the same wholesale price that retailers like Costco or other membership clubs receive. In other words, even if Amazon isn’t profiting from its extremely low prices, Walmart is still demanding the same bulk-rate discount applied to individual items. “Walmart has had it explained to them by myself and others,” said one industry insider who asked for anonymity talking about private discussions. “My conclusion has been that they beat all suppliers up regardless because they need it to be a problem at the senior levels of these companies.” In some instances, Amazon is willing to lose money for some period of time on a product it feels it has to have. Jeff Bezos’s company knows, after all, that it has to continue to increase its selection in non-perishable grocery goods if it is going to really challenge Walmart in the $800 billion category. But, more so than in the past, Amazon is ratcheting up the pressure on manufacturers of goods that the online retailer is unable to sell for a profit, executives say. Separate from the algorithm, brands are also facing the realization that their products that are sold profitably in stores may become unprofitable online when shipping costs are factored in. Unprofitable items are known inside Amazon as CRaP products — the acronym stands for “Can’t Realize a Profit.” And Amazon is not afraid to kick off big and small brands alike. Case in point: On a Friday afternoon last month, all Pampers diapers sold by Amazon were unavailable on the site. Industry speculation was that Amazon may have kicked Pampers off the site as part of a negotiation over prices. Neither Amazon nor Pampers parent company Procter & Gamble would comment on whether this was the case. But the bigger point may be that senior industry executives thought such a move was even a legitimate possibility. “I’m very concerned,” one of them said. “Do all CPG goods get commoditized to 40 percent below where they’re used to being? The long-term implication is you just don’t know where the bottom is at.” Get the CRaP out When Amazon warns suppliers that a product is pre-CRaP, meaning it’s in jeopardy of being kicked off the site for profitability issues, it makes demands. Oftentimes, to lower wholesale prices. But that doesn’t always work, especially if a brand has the leverage of also selling into Walmart, which is still the biggest retail customer for many manufacturers. In these instances, Amazon may transfer the product to Amazon Pantry, a smaller catalogue of goods restricted to Prime Members. All Pantry orders come with a $5.99 shipping fee per box, which helps cover Amazon’s costs, if fewer than five items are ordered at one time. Another Amazon tactic is to prohibit some brands from buying ads within the site for a product that Amazon can’t make profitable on a standalone basis. Like paying for prominent placement in a store, a brand can buy ads within Amazon to promote their products. Blocking these ads is another way of burying a product. “They are playing Jekyll and Hyde,” said an executive at a large grocery goods manufacturer. “At times, it’s all about growth; at times, it’s all about profitability. They keep switching back and forth.” “They are playing Jekyll and Hyde.” Another factor: As Amazon Prime becomes a bigger part of Amazon’s business, Amazon ships more orders that consist of just one item. These orders can typically be tougher to make profitable than multi-item orders — a trend that could explain the renewed focus on profitability. “Amazon realizes Walmart is serious,” the executive said, “and is basically asking manufacturers to subsidize their unprofitable shipping costs for them.” No easy solution What is a brand to do? There is no one-size-fits-all solution. Some do give in and offer Amazon a better price if they can afford it. Some push Amazon to keep the unprofitable product, but give them a better deal on a more profitable item. Another strategy is to stop selling to Amazon as a wholesaler and instead sell directly, or through resellers, on Amazon’s marketplace. Amazon cannot control the price of an item sold by marketplace sellers, though it can make it harder to find items that aren’t priced aggressively. The longest-term solution, however, is perhaps the most difficult: Reimagining how a product should be designed and packaged from the ground up, specifically for e-commerce sales. That often means cutting the weight of low-price goods since shipping costs tend to eat into a product’s profitability. (Amazon, in fact, is trying to capitalize on this potential shift by asking brands to reformulate their packaging to make it easier to ship — all done via Amazon, of course.) Big brands, however, have been doing more talk than action when it comes to pursuing this solution — a fact that you can be sure Amazon has noticed. But Andrea Leigh, an ex-Amazon general manager who now runs her own brand consultancy, has come across a few examples of brands redesigning goods for e-commerce. One of them, from the brand Celsius, is an energy drink that has been transformed into powdered packets that the customer mixes with water at home. Then there’s the brand Green Works, which has sold household cleaners in concentrate form, along with an empty spray container. “If competitors go away and you can live it out, it presents you with an opportunity where you can steal share in a relatively easy way,” she said. “Figuring out how to do online better and not getting CRaP-ed out, that’s a huge opportunity.” The rise of direct to consumer? Perhaps the toughest part of being a traditional consumer packaged goods brand today is that you don’t know who your customer is because you sell to them via a middleman: Retailers like Amazon and Walmart. And if you try to sell direct through your own website — which requires a different set of skills — retailers often raise hell. Yes, the same retail partners that are putting the squeeze on wholesale prices. So some of these multinational companies are dabbling with diversifying their sales channels through acquisition. Unilever, the owner of brands like Dove and Hellmann's, last year purchased the subscription razor startup Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion. The vast majority of Dollar Shave Club’s sales come through its own website. Venture capitalists are betting that that deal will be the first of many acquisitions of digital-first brands that would traditionally sell their goods on supermarket shelves — though no major ones have yet followed. If they’re right long-term, however, this pricing pressure from Amazon and Walmart may be partly to blame — or thank. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode SpaceX just made history by successfully reusing a rocket YouTube creators have complained about declines in ad revenue Full transcript: Mary Lou Jepsen on Too Embarrassed to Ask, live at SXSW Oculus founder Palmer Luckey is leaving Facebook Vevo makes its pitch to advertisers after they flee YouTube Twitter is finally giving users more room to reply to other people’s tweets Trending YouTube creators have complained about declines in ad revenue Google has started tweaking the system to respond to advertiser concerns about brand safety. Self-driving talent is fleeing Google and Uber to catch the autonomous-driving gold rush With every defection, Uber and Google are feeding the fire of their own competition. Oculus founder Palmer Luckey is leaving Facebook Luckey was the face of Oculus, but ran into some trouble last fall. Amazon is shutting down Diapers.com — whose founder is now at war with Amazon The site was part of Amazon’s fourth-largest acquisition back in 2011. SpaceX just made history by successfully reusing a rocket The Falcon 9 sent a satellite into space and landed back on Earth. More Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 49. The sidebar size is long. The Latest SpaceX just made history by successfully reusing a rocket by April Glaser YouTube creators have complained about declines in ad revenue by Tess Townsend Full transcript: Mary Lou Jepsen on Too Embarrassed to Ask, live at SXSW by Recode Staff Oculus founder Palmer Luckey is leaving Facebook by Kurt Wagner Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing Is ‘Conflict’ a New Marketing Tool? Feb 23, 2017 Opinion North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Marketing Content The dramatic tensions that characterize a good movie plot are being adopted by the world of marketing, sports and even news and politics. That’s the argument of Alby Anand Kurian, a marketing communications practitioner and theorist whose clients have included Procter & Gamble, Pepsi Foods, Nestle and Unilever. In this opinion piece, Kurian describes the idea behind Conflict as a Marketing Tool (CAMT). He says the basic movie plot treatment of “setup, conflict and resolution” used to grab audience attention is being employed in many scenarios outside of Hollywood. Kurian also teaches in the MBA programs at the University of Bradford in the U.K. and the Grenoble Business School at the Management Development Institute of Singapore. His first book, The Peddler of Soaps, made the India Today bestseller list.   Conflict as a Marketing Tool (CAMT) has its roots not in marketing but in screenplay writing. You will find frameworks for screenplay writing in textbooks on the subject — Syd Field’s Screenplay: The Foundations of Screenwriting is generally acknowledged as an authoritative source. Field details how nearly all screenplays can be broadly divided into three sections: setup, conflict and resolution. “Setup” consists of the introduction of the characters, the stage, the setting, the situation and the various relationships – that is, the background to the entire story. “Conflict” is the backbone of all screenplays; without it, the story becomes a yawn. Whether it’s Romeo and Juliet, The Godfather, a soap opera or even religious texts such as the Bible and the Ramayana, without conflict, the narrative would not come alive. Finally, of course, there’s “resolution” – does it end in tragedy or does all end well? This three-part structure applies to Romeo and Juliet and Hollywood blockbusters, and we are now going to apply it, in the first instance, to sports as well. The Screenplay of Sports In the evolution of an economy, once conditions for survival are in place, you will find that a fair share of the country’s economy is devoted to entertainment — television, cinema and so on. As society further evolves, you tend to find that a fair share of the money is then taken up by sports. Now, sports are truly wonderful – remember the quote about the Battle of Waterloo being won on the playing fields of Eton? It teaches one fair play; it makes one physically fit, mentally alert and all those marvelous things. All of us learn to admire the natural-born skills of a sportsman, and we admire the technique that he has perfected. “This three-part structure [of setup, conflict, resolution] applies to Romeo and Juliet and Hollywood blockbusters, and … sports as well.” But when we look at sports as an industry and we see its evolution today, we see a different dimension to it. It still is about admiring a sportsman’s skill, technique and temperament, but today it must be seen as entertainment. There is a natural resistance in us to think of it as such — sports seem of a higher order than mere “entertainment.” It seems as though we are bringing it down a notch or two — as though it makes it lesser than what we thought it was. Now, whether this makes it less or not is a different matter — what we are establishing here is what sports is today. Sports is entertainment and should be seen as part of the entertainment industry. So how do the rules of entertainment, that have evolved over the years, apply to sports? Let’s take the example of Wimbledon. In the setup phase, there is the game of tennis. It’s a game that has been played for a very long time; it has a long history and tradition to it – it’s probably the most gentlemanly of games – and nowhere as raucous as football. And, of course, Wimbledon is also about the royal box and eating strawberries and cream as much as it is about the sport. Sponsored Content: But entertainment needs conflict. Enter tennis stars Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert, Jimmy Connors and Bjorn Borg. Sport in the classical sense should mean that as long as they play great tennis, who plays and who wins is irrelevant. But that is certainly not the case, is it? Enter Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer, and one finds that the audience has already taken sides. So, in a cricket match between India and Pakistan (two countries that have gone to war with each other), it is obvious that interest will run high, even if the battle is now on a playing field and not in a combat zone. The Indian Premier League was a bit of a question mark, really. Where would the conflict happen, who would be “Us,” who would be “Them?”  But the conflict between the different clubs was created and began to take shape, albeit in a friendly way. All credit to the organizers for that – they got the conflict going in just the right way. Conflict in Business: Apple vs. IBM No less a person than Apple co-founder Steve Jobs used conflict skillfully to his advantage. As Walter Isaacson was to record in his authorized biography of Jobs, throughout his life and career Steve Jobs represented himself as a warrior against the forces of evil — who, of course, were his rivals in the marketplace. “Throughout his life and career, Steve Jobs represented himself as a warrior against the forces of evil — his rivals in the marketplace.” When IBM launched its own personal computer in 1981, Apple placed a newspaper ad that said, “Welcome, IBM. Seriously.” Jobs skillfully positioned Apple against IBM when there were many other companies in the fray. He went so far as to say, “If for some reason we make some giant mistakes and IBM wins, my personal feeling is that we are going to enter sort of a computer Dark Ages for about 20 years.” It was the same with Microsoft and Bill Gates. The sharp differences in style between the two would exacerbate an acrimonious divide in the digital industry that Jobs played up, again to his advantage. He did the same with Dell, even going so far as to use a giant picture of Michael Dell with a target on his face to motivate his employees. The Screenplay of the Newsroom Let us now apply the concept of conflict to a new area — the world of news. One can look at news gathering and dissemination in an idealistic manner — it can then be seen almost as an academic exercise, and perhaps it was so in the early days. It was about gathering information, disseminating that information and, of course, analyzing and dissecting current events in a rational manner. We are not disparaging the industry in any manner. We are only affirming that the pressure of competing news channels, newspapers and other forms of news media will force the news to become … entertainment. No value judgment is being made either way — we are only putting news into the context that it exists in the present day. We must accept that even the audience is changing. The viewer has had a rough day – the long commute to work, the attendant tensions, his boss, the clients – all have contributed to his reaching home, dead tired. Even though he might be the last to admit it, when he reaches for the remote and switches on television to watch the news, he is doing so to be entertained. And thus, the rules of screenplay writing creep into the newsroom. Again, we see the need for setup, conflict and resolution. The biggest news story of our time is, obviously, anything about Donald Trump; here, of course, you have all the ingredients of a great screenplay. Donald Trump pits himself as the lone wolf with the entire Washington establishment ranged against him; the lone wolf is one who shoots his mouth off at every opportunity. It is a near-perfect formula for a wonderful conflict – wonderful in the sense of the drama that it can create. Television news ratings, and its spike ever since Trump joined the campaign, all too clearly reflect that. The moment the audience is polarized, this simply becomes the best fodder for the news media ever. The names of the characters could change, and the narrative could change as well. But viewership is always highest when there is a ready-made conflict available. The setup-conflict-resolution formula makes for higher TRPs (or target rating points, an audience metric in advertising) — for news, just as in sports, just as in entertainment. Politics is Entertainment It was inevitable, then, that CAMT would find its way into politics. Traditionally, politics followed its own rather amateur systems of marketing, but those days are, of course, well past. One of the early records of professional marketing and advertising experts at work is described in The Selling of the President, in which author Joe McGinniss documents how Richard Nixon was packaged and sold to the American voter. Since then, marketing in the realm of politics has evolved into both a fine art and a science. It seems to have come to full fruition with President Barack Obama’s campaigns (in 2008, as well as 2012). By then, of course, the Internet had become a major force and Obama’s campaign showed a very incisive grasp of how it could be used to its benefit. In other parts of the world, Prime Minister Modi of India demonstrated a quick and ready understanding of it in 2014 and used it extremely successfully, as well. When marketing had become so sharply professional in politics, it was perhaps inevitable that CAMT would be used in politics, along with all the other tools available. “Trump brings to bear his experience as a television reality star into politics; conflict works very well on television.” Conflict in politics can essentially be used in two ways – internally and externally. Within the country, conflict can be used to pit one set of people or one set of communities against another; it can be used to polarize communities, polarize votes and to win elections. An external conflict could be used, as well. Politicians could set up their country, along with a set of countries that ally with it, against another country and its set of allies. This has been done with great success by Trump. In the Trump campaign, we can see all the dots that we have been pointing to, being joined together with almost textbook perfection. Trump brings to bear his experience as a television reality star into politics; conflict works very well on television, and Trump is a past master of the medium. So, when he came into politics he used CAMT very effectively in two ways. He used conflict initially as a way to arrest and capture, and hold our interest on the television screen, and his entry into politics was, as a consequence, a triumphant television season, with interest levels and viewership level spiking in a very dramatic manner. Every aggressive, combative, conflict-ridden comment that he makes sets up a furor, and the media, therefore (very ironically), owes its high viewership and readership to Trump’s use of CAMT. The great success of Trump’s media campaign then led to his success in the election — he used CAMT as a political weapon to unite all his supporters and his voters against his Republican rivals, at first, and then his final Democratic one. (The Trump victory is a complex one and it has multiple causes; it is only being affirmed here that the use of CAMT is one of them.) In this commentary, do notice that we have scrupulously avoided making any value judgments on the use of CAMT. There may be differing views that we all have on Trump and on the way he has used CAMT to win the election. We only seek to point out that, given his background in television, particularly reality television, he perhaps instinctively was able to understand that conflict would gain him viewership — and that once viewership was secured, conflict could also win him the election. Since it has proved to be so spectacularly successful, it is now inevitable that CAMT will become a more commonly used tool in politics — CAMT is here to stay. Governments, the media, and the general public would do well to be aware of that. We are certain to see a great deal more of it in the near future. Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Is ‘Conflict’ a New Marketing Tool?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 23 February, 2017. Web. 31 March, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/conflict-new-marketing-tool/> APA Is ‘Conflict’ a New Marketing Tool?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, February 23). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/conflict-new-marketing-tool/ Chicago "Is ‘Conflict’ a New Marketing Tool?" Knowledge@Wharton, February 23, 2017, accessed March 31, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/conflict-new-marketing-tool/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing The Death of the Daily Deal Critics have long said that Groupon’s business model was flawed and that it was only a matter of time before it collapsed. Could that time be now? Technology Selling Your Data: The Vote to Deregulate Online Privacy The conflict surrounding what internet service providers can do with customer data is shaping up to be a hot-button issue that could take years to resolve. Sponsored Content Appreciating the Value of Sustainability in Health Care Hospitals could save billions by reducing energy use and waste, and achieving efficiencies in the operating room. But collecting the data has proved challenging.   Join The Discussion 2 Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment HITESH PANT Most people love the drama of conflict. The Marketing folks of large corporates and big brands take advantage of this hashtag psychology to remain in news forever. They achieve this by instigating a debate which will then be taken forward by their ‘proxy’ advocates or some die hard brand aficionados. The target is achieved by being a topic of gossip everywhere that too by spending no money and getting returns in the form of increased sales(assuming people who are new to the brand upon seeing the discussion will go and buy) HITESH PANT The brand can be a product or a movie or a person(politics). Its all how well one can ‘sell’ oneself and harness the psychology of their customers. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe technology leadership magazine most innovative companies most creative people video news all stories FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 1 minute Read New Vicks Ad Tugs The Heartstrings For Trans Rights In India The brand uses the universality of a loving mother-daughter relationship to make an increasingly relevant statement. By Jeff Beer03.30.17 | 11:05 am It may not be the first brand you’d think of when it comes to making a social statement, but P&G’s Vicks new campaign “Touch of Care” uses the opportunity to extend the meaning of caring for your family to advocate for trans rights. The new ad, created by Publicis Singapore, is based on a real-life story of an orphan and her newfound mother. We meet a young girl named Gayatri, as she talks about her relationship with her mom, Gauri, and see just how lovingly normal it all is. Until it’s subtly revealed that Gauri faces more challenges as a transgender woman. In a statement Nitin Darbari, chairman and CEO of P&G Teva JV China, and marketing director for Asia, Middle East and Africa said, “Vicks has always been about the gentle touch of a mother’s care, as she caresses and gives relief to her child. With the #TouchOfCare campaign we are going a step further and expounding the importance of care beyond just the traditional perception of family. The campaign shows how people who, though not connected by blood, end up being family through care itself.” Chief Strategy Officer, Publicis APAC chief strategy officerEd Booty said, “Great brands don’t just reflect safe and accepted norms, instead they dare to set agendas in culture at large. That is our ambition with this work for Vicks–to give the timeless idea of Family Care a fresh and contemporary meaning.” In 2014, the Indian Supreme Court granted transgender citizens recognition under the law as a “third gender.” But despite that ruling, social and legal discrimination against transgender people still persists in India, with activists still fighting for rights and protections. About the author Jeff Beer is a staff editor at Fast Company, covering advertising, marketing, and brand creativity. He lives in Toronto. More Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories Ads Samsung Galaxy S8 Vs. Google Pixel: Which Ad Framed It Better? Ads Carl’s Jr.’s New Ad Strategy Is Ditching The Boobs To Concentrate On The Food Ads This Teddy Bear Doesn’t Have To Pass Any Toy Safety Regulations Because It’s A Gun Video African-Americans Are Hitting Movie Theaters In Record Numbers Here's What We Learned From Uber's Diversity Report Samsung Unveils Its Latest Galaxy Phone Post-Battery Disaster How You Can Build Your Confidence By Running Through The Mud The Lesson Your Startup Needs To Learn From Thinx’s PR Nightmare Trump's Wall Is Also Dividing The Architecture Community This Plane Could Fly To Europe In Under 4 Hours--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report How Matt Damon—And A Bunch of Balloons—Are Raising Awareness for World Water Day What John Legend Learned From Working in Consulting Hollywood Can't Win When It Comes To Race Your Next iPhone Can Now Come In Red Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal Revealed Her Questionable Office Behavior Last Summer Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal On Why Thinx Didn't Offer Period Leave How Sweetgreen Stays Competitive In A Crowded Space Of Dining Options A Microsoft Engineer Discusses Why Diversity In Tech Will Make Better Products Now You Can Literally See The Differences Between Apple And Google These Married Chefs Prove Working With Your Spouse Isn't Always A Terrible Idea Why One CEO Says It’s A Company’s Responsibility To Speak Out Politically Buzz Aldrin Wants To Take You To Mars--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Beauty And The Beast Has Had Some Wonderful (And Weird) Adaptations How This Company Could Allow You To See The World--While Juicing Why This CEO Thinks Millennials Are Socially-Conscious And Good For Businesses These AI-Powered Robot Spiders Utilize Your iPhone's Incredible Processor This New Technology Uses Your Phone To Track Your Heart Health You’ll Never Guess What The Most-Shared Story Was On Facebook In February Wolfgang Puck Impressed His First Boss—And Built A Career From It President Donald Trump In A Minute How One Modeling Agency Is Diversifying The Runway You Can Land A Drone On This Vehicle--And Other Stories You Might've Missed more stories The Vast, Secretive Face Database That Could Instantly ID You In A Crowd These Are The 5 New Samsung S8 Features That Could Make You Ditch Your iPhone New High-Res Oculus Home For Gear VR Boosts The Mobile Experience How Neuroscience Might Help The San Francisco Giants Win The World Series Ideas Ideas Degreed CEO David Blake Wants To Reward Life-Long Learning Ideas Building A Better Understanding Of Human Trafficking, To Help End It Ideas The Dairy Of The Future Is A Sustainable Closed Loop Powered By Cow Poop Entertainment Ads New Vicks Ad Tugs The Heartstrings For Trans Rights In India Entertainment From “Cheers” To “Han Solo”: Inside The Singular Career of Woody Harrelson, Underrated Superstar Entertainment Inside The “Mythical” Minds And Digital Empire Of YouTube Pioneers Rhett & Link Co.Design Graphic Prepare Yourself For Super-Powerful Photoshop AI Graphics Italy’s Overlooked Graphic Design Greats Get An Online Museum Product Why Everyone Is Going Nuts For Nintendo’s Latest Console Fast Company Ideas Degreed CEO David Blake Wants To Reward Life-Long Learning Technology How To Keep Your Laptop Safe When Traveling Through The Middle East POV In The Age Of Fake News, Your April Fools’ Marketing Stunt Is Especially Unfunny Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Reklama Komunikaty Konferencje Prenumerata Dziennik.pl Forsal.pl Dziennik Internautów Infor.pl IFK IRB Zaloguj się Zalogowany Wyloguj się zaloguj się jako inny użytkownikkliknij tutaj aby uzyskać pomoc » wpisz frazę, którą chcesz wyszukaćPrenumerata elektroniczna Dziennika Gazety PrawnejKUP TERAZ REKLAMA Strona główna Newsletter Forum Twarze Biznesu iKomunikaty e-wydanie DGP 20 lat DGP Fundusze unijne Podatki Wiadomości Akcyza CIT PIT Zmiany w VAT VAT Interpretacje Ulgi podatkowe Kontrole skarbowe Akademia podatkowa VAT 2017 Praca Wiadomości Akademia pracy Edukacja Emerytury i renty Praca i kariera Zasiłki i świadczenia Zdrowie Prawo Wiadomości Aplikacje Orzeczenia Poradnik konsumenta Przewodnik po prawie Samorząd Akademia prawa Deregulacja Prawo autorskie Prawo jazdy Testamenty Biznes Wiadomości Energetyka Media MSP Nowe technologie Turystyka Finanse osobiste Rankingi Telekomunikacja Transport Rolnictwo Nieruchomości Franczyza Finanse Wiadomości Waluty Giełda Spółki giełdowe Surowce Wiadomości Kultura Wiadomości Film Muzyka Książki TV DVD Teatr Serwisy tematyczne Encyklopedia Strona główna Newsletter Forum Twarze Biznesu iKomunikaty e-wydanie DGP 20 lat DGP Fundusze unijne Więcej Newsletter Forum Twarze Biznesu iKomunikaty e-wydanie DGP 20 lat DGP Fundusze unijne Podatki Wiadomości Akcyza CIT PIT Zmiany w VAT VAT Interpretacje Ulgi podatkowe Kontrole skarbowe Akademia podatkowa Więcej Wiadomości Akcyza CIT PIT Zmiany w VAT VAT Interpretacje Ulgi podatkowe Kontrole skarbowe Akademia podatkowa VAT 2017 Praca Wiadomości Akademia pracy Edukacja Emerytury i renty Praca i kariera Zasiłki i świadczenia Zdrowie Więcej Wiadomości Akademia pracy Edukacja Emerytury i renty Praca i kariera Zasiłki i świadczenia Zdrowie Prawo Wiadomości Aplikacje Orzeczenia Poradnik konsumenta Przewodnik po prawie Samorząd Akademia prawa Deregulacja Prawo autorskie Prawo jazdy Testamenty Więcej Wiadomości Aplikacje Orzeczenia Poradnik konsumenta Przewodnik po prawie Samorząd Akademia prawa Deregulacja Prawo autorskie Prawo jazdy Testamenty Biznes Wiadomości Energetyka Media MSP Nowe technologie Turystyka Finanse osobiste Rankingi Telekomunikacja Transport Rolnictwo Nieruchomości Franczyza Więcej Wiadomości Energetyka Media MSP Nowe technologie Turystyka Finanse osobiste Rankingi Telekomunikacja Transport Rolnictwo Nieruchomości Franczyza Finanse Wiadomości Waluty Giełda Spółki giełdowe Surowce Więcej Wiadomości Waluty Giełda Spółki giełdowe Surowce Wiadomości Kultura Wiadomości Film Muzyka Książki TV DVD Teatr Więcej Wiadomości Film Muzyka Książki TV DVD Teatr Serwisy tematyczne Encyklopedia Więcej Podatki VAT 2017 Praca Prawo Biznes Finanse Wiadomości Kultura Serwisy tematyczne Encyklopedia REKLAMA REKLAMA X X Tu jesteś: gazetaprawna.plP&G: W erze cyfryzacji konsumenci szukają marek zaangażowanych społecznie P&G: W erze cyfryzacji konsumenci szukają marek zaangażowanych społecznie 30.03.2017, 14:15; Aktualizacja: 30.03.2017, 14:50 Facebook0 Google Plus0 Wykop0 Tweet REKLAMA REKLAMA Reklama P&G: W erze cyfryzacji konsumenci szukają marek zaangażowanych społecznie Warszawa, 30.03.2017 (ISBnews) - Tradycyjny model zakupów odchodzi w niepamięć. W erze postępującej cyfryzacji i zakupów online to konsumenci kreują rynek. Zwracają uwagę na podejście firm do ekologii, zrównoważonego łańcucha dostaw, czy nierówności społecznych, uważa prezes Procter & Gamble w Europie Centralnej Geraldine Huse. Zabierając głos podczas warszawskiego kongresu Retail Summit, Huse przypomniała, że w latach 70. i 80. najważniejsi byli producenci. Lata 90. i początek XXI wieku były czasem sprzedawców, w którym dostawcy walczyli o jak najlepszą ekspozycję ich produktów w sklepach. Teraz to klient jest na pierwszym miejscu i cała branża powinna to zauważyć, uważa Huse. Według niej, postępująca cyfryzacja, możliwość zakupów przez internet, ale także większa wrażliwość społeczna sprawiają, że tradycyjne podejście do zakupów odchodzi w niepamięć. "Utrwalony przez lata łańcuch: producent - sprzedawca - konsument się rozluźnia. Klienci kreują rynek, więc, aby sprostać ich wymaganiom, producenci i sprzedawcy powinni także zmienić swój model działania" - powiedziała Huse. "Około 70% populacji w Europie mieszka w miastach. Zwiększa się liczba jednoosobowych gospodarstw domowych, co ma duży wpływ na zachowanie konsumentów. Koszyk zakupów się zmniejsza, wzrasta liczba zakupów online, zmieniają się formaty oferowanych produktów. Obserwujemy obecnie bardzo znaczące zmiany rynku dóbr konsumenckich" - dodała prezes. Wskazała także, że coraz większą rolę w kreowaniu postaw konsumenckich odgrywają czynniki do tej pory z nimi niezwiązane, takie jak: podejście do ekologii, zrównoważonego łańcucha dostaw, czy nierówności społecznych. Podkreśliła, że zmiany nie są niczym nowym, ale tempo w jakim się dokonują jest najszybsze w historii. "Etyka, wartości, zrównoważony rozwój, czy równość płci są coraz ważniejsze dla konsumentów. Na co dzień mierzą się z wieloma problemami, więc szukają marek, które dbają nie tylko o swój zysk, ale mają na uwadze także wkład w gospodarkę, rozwój społeczności lokalnych i wyrównywanie szans. Przykładami takiego działania są kampanie Always dot. równości płci, czy zainicjowana niedawno przez P&G kampania #WeSeeEqual" - wymieniła Huse. Branża dóbr konsumenckich zatrudnia w Polsce około półtora miliona osób, co stawia ją na drugim miejscu za rolnictwem. Dobra szybkozbywalne są obecne w życiu wszystkich obywateli. Dlatego, zdaniem prezes, wzięcie odpowiedzialności i kreowanie zmian ukierunkowanych na konsumenta powinno być zadaniem całej branży. "Gdy jest się w tak dużym stopniu obecnym w codziennym życiu milionów ludzi, trzeba myśleć nie tylko o oferowanym produkcie, ale także realnym wpływie na otoczenie. Od 180 lat innowacje są motorem napędowym P&G. Dziś innowacje to nie tylko oferowanie coraz lepszych produktów, ale także wywieranie pozytywnego wpływu na społeczeństwo" - podsumowała Huse. Procter & Gamble (P&G) to jedna z największych globalnych firm FMCG z portfelem ok. 50 marek. Prowadzi działalność w ok. 70 krajach, w tym w Polsce - od 1991 r. (ISBnews) Reklama Facebook0 Google Plus0 Wykop0 Tweet Drukuj za 2 grosze Źródło:ISBnews Tagi:cyfryzacja, konsumenci, innowacje, społeczeństwo, prezes Więcej na ten temat Kredyty frankowe na celowniku ABW. Przełomowe śledztwo czy polityczna ustawka Podatnicy na granicy paranoi. Przybywa wskazań do wykreślenia z rejestru VAT Uzdrowiska chore od smogu i głuche od hałasu? Powrót do zdrowia będzie trudny 40 mld zł pod ziemią oddane bez walki. To koniec kopalni Kurpiński [REPORTAŻ] Woś: Powiedzcie, jak to jest być salonem Szokujące skutki szokującej reklamy. Jak nie narazić się na prawne konsekwencje? Reklama REKLAMA zamknij xnastępny artykuł Dr Gil: Ukraina ma problem z ochroną polskich placówek dyplomatycznych Reklama Dodaj komentarz Twój komentarz został dodany. Aby go zobaczyć przejdź do strony z najnowszymi komentarzami. Błąd podczas dodawania komentarza - nie zostały uzupełnione wszystkie wymagane pola. Dodawanie komentarzy z Twojego adresu IP zostało zablokowane. Twój komentarz Proszę zostawić to pole puste Autor: Zanim dodasz komentarz - zapoznaj się z zasadami komentowania artykułów. Widzisz naruszenie regulaminu? Zgłoś je! Najnowsze Wiadomości 07:50 Woś: Powiedzcie, jak to jest być salonem » 07:48 Kredyty frankowe na celowniku ABW. Przełomowe śledztwo czy polityczna ustawka » 07:45 Szokujące skutki szokującej reklamy. Jak nie narazić się na prawne konsekwencje? » 07:45 40 mld zł pod ziemią oddane bez walki. To koniec kopalni Kurpiński [REPORTAŻ] » 07:39 Uzdrowiska chore od smogu i głuche od hałasu? Powrót do zdrowia będzie trudny » 07:32 Podatnicy na granicy paranoi. Przybywa wskazań do wykreślenia z rejestru VAT » Serwisy tematyczne Emerytury i renty Jakie są składki na Fundusz Emerytur Pomostowych, gdy pracownik oprócz etatu ma także zlecenie Przerwa w bezrobociu a prawo do świadczenia przedemerytalnego. ZUS przegrał w SN Na emeryturę nie ma co się spieszyć. Późniejsze przejście to wyższe świadczenie PIT Przez internet czy w urzędzie? Sprawdź, jak rozliczyć PIT za 2016 rok Sporządzenie PIT przez urząd. Ruszyła nowa usługa skarbówki Miejsce zamieszkania czy zameldowania? Gdzie złożyć PIT za 2016 rok Telekomunikacja Nielimitowany internet tylko w reklamach. UOKiK prześwietla firmy telekomunikacyjne UKE: SMS-y popularne wśród seniorów w Polsce Książki telefoniczne: Zgoda na umieszczenie kontaktu dotyczy wszystkich państw UE Nowe technologie Uwaga na aplikacje „duchy”! Nowy raport o zagrożeniach mobilnych Kleiber: Nowa generacja mobilnej komunikacji - 5G za progiem [OPINIA] Cyberzagrożenia: Od spamu i phishingu, do wymuszania okupu Energetyka 40 mld zł pod ziemią oddane bez walki. To koniec kopalni Kurpiński [REPORTAŻ] Baca-Pogorzelska: Narodowa zrzutka na węgiel zakończona sukcesem Śmigiel: Rozmawiamy z firmami, żeby przeszły na samochody napędzane LNG Edukacja Chcesz rozpocząć studia w Wielkiej Brytanii? Sprawdź, co zmieni Brexit MEN wycofuje się z błędu i popełnia kolejny. Dyrektorzy złamią prawo Co warto wiedzieć o maturze 2017? REKLAMA REKLAMA REKLAMA REKLAMA Najnowsze Wiadomości 07:50 Woś: Powiedzcie, jak to jest być salonem » 07:48 Kredyty frankowe na celowniku ABW. Przełomowe śledztwo czy polityczna ustawka » 07:45 Szokujące skutki szokującej reklamy. Jak nie narazić się na prawne konsekwencje? » 07:45 40 mld zł pod ziemią oddane bez walki. To koniec kopalni Kurpiński [REPORTAŻ] » 07:39 Uzdrowiska chore od smogu i głuche od hałasu? Powrót do zdrowia będzie trudny » 07:32 Podatnicy na granicy paranoi. Przybywa wskazań do wykreślenia z rejestru VAT » REKLAMA Prawo na co dzień 695 Widoku na morze nie mogą przesłaniać palmy i parasole 111 Kto i komu zaoferuje podstawowy rachunek płatniczy 1510 Usługi bankowe dla emerytów: Oferta darmowa, ale skromna Najczęściej czytane Podwyżek nie będzie. Przez Ukraińców i 500+ Morawiecki: Niższe podatki i składki ZUS od 2018 Gowin zatrzyma dwukadencyjność w gminach. PiS musi poszukać koalicjanta Do kiedy złożyć PIT 2016 - sprawdź terminy Ewa Łętowska: Sędzia po prostu musi mieć konstytucję z tyłu głowy i wiedzieć, że powinien do niej sięgać REKLAMA Kalkulatory Kalkulator opłat notarialnych Kalkulator wynagrodzenia Kalkulator emerytalny Kalkulator składki wypadkowej Kalkulator jak obliczyć pensję netto przy umowie-zleceniu Jak obliczyć datę wejścia w życie aktu prawnego Kalkulator VAT Kalkulator stażu pracy zobacz więcej » Galerie 15 "Marsz dla Europy: Kocham Cię Europo". Manifestacje nie tylko w Warszawie [ZDJĘCIA] 31 Międzynarodowy Strajk Kobiet - przemarsz w proteście wobec przemocy [ZDJĘCIA] 2 Gdzie warto przywitać wiosnę? Pięć niezwykłych obyczajów z całego świata REKLAMA FUNDUSZE UNIJNE Nauka + biznes = sukces i innowacje  » Po godzinach Film Cyborgi kontra ludzie. "Ghost in the Shell" w kinach Muzyka Akademia Szwedzka: Bob Dylan przyjmie w weekend literackiego Nobla Książki Znamy nominacje do Nagrody Literackiej m.st. Warszawy Turystyka Podlasie na weekend: 7 miejsc wartych zobaczenia Reklama REKLAMA Polecane serwisy:UmowyPrawo pracyVATPodatkiPITEmeryturyZasiłkiPrawo karneKodeks pracyGminaKonsumentPozwyWykroczeniaUrlopyZakładam firmęBezrobotnyPomoc prawnaEksploatacja autaNaprawa autaPrawo na drodzeOgródKwiaty doniczkoweBudowa O Nas Kariera Patronaty Prenumerata Kup Licencję RSS Newsletter Aplikacje mobilne Ochrona prywatności Regulamin Kontakt Reklama Nasze strony: GazetaPrawna.pl Forsal.pl Dziennik.pl Dziennik Internautów Nasi partnerzy: Infor PL S.A. Infor IT InforLEX.pl INFORFK INFORRB
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Friday 31 March Friday 31 March Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports #Vanguardtraffic Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » Woman » Women can be agents of economic change—Alakija Women can be agents of economic change—Alakija On March 30, 20174:37 amIn Woman by OkogbaComments By Princewill Ekwujuru ONE of the richest Women in Africa,  Folorunso Alakija, has said there is compelling evidence that women can be agents of economic change, even as P&G launches “#WeSeeEqual,”  to advocate  for gender equality. Folorunso Alakija These was the assertion of Mrs Alakija, who was the keynote speaker at the launch of  the campaign dubbed,  “#WeSeeEqual,” to advocate for gender equality in commemoration of the International Women’s Day, IWD,   in Lagos. She  said that there is evidence that women can be agents of economic change According to her, “the world economy is now in such a way that the men cannot do it on their own, we need bold women to step it up and take their rightful place.” “As women, we have to take the bull by the horn and make the change happen by ourselves. As women, you need to go out there and fight for what you need to get and get where you want to be.” She went further to say also that Women need to be giving the opportunities to tap into their talents, and energy is being wasted on a daily basis.” On her part, Group Manager for Design and Financial Analysis EMEA Oral Care at P&G, Bukki Agbeniga P&G has been championing the cause of gender equality both inside and outside of the company, leveraging the strengths of their business and operations, and using their scale and advertising voice to address gender bias and enabling education for girls and women’s economic empowerment, said This ultimately led to a partnership with the International Women’s Society, IWS  Nigeria to sponsor the IWS breakfast forum. In addition to their sponsorship of the IWS breakfast, P&G also sponsored WeConnect’s W.I.N Exhibition and Conference .   Okogba View all posts by Okogba → Previous Post Foundation repairs 35 women with VVF Next Post Violence against women: The unusual suspects Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 7:00 amOsinbajo’s sudden quietness 6:59 amAPC heads to court over Obiano’s LG transition chairmen 6:55 amNimbo massacre suspects arraigned, detained in prison 6:43 amNo going back on CBT— JAMB 6:41 amFG laments spate of Nigerians dieing during illegal migration 6:40 amMobilization of unqualified graduates to attract criminal prosecution —NYSC 6:39 amAbuja airport: FG imports fibre glass grid for durable runway 6:31 amMeningitis: NCDC confirms 109 deaths in 5 states, as cases hit 1,966 6:27 amAli’s uniform controversy a distraction —Dogara 6:24 amGov Umahi suspends Attorney-General, Solicitor-General over negligence of duty 6:21 amInstitute of Chartered Shipbrokers debuts in Nigeria 6:05 amSkill acquisition: Delta trains 47 youths in tiling, POP design 6:02 amBuhari’ll still travel to London for medicals — Presidency 6:00 amCartoon: Mr & Mrs 5:58 amFG extends tenure of 2016 budget 5:49 amAssemblies of God pastor alleges brutalizatiion of members by Police, Army 5:40 amWhat is in a Range Rover View All Sponsored How You Can Improve Your Sexual Performance and Last Longer In Bed Tonight  Most Men think that when it comes to s3x, big manhood and body size are important. But truth is women want a man that ca... How I Went From Lasting 1 Minute in Bed To Over 25 Min in Bed HOW I OVERCAME MY PREMATURE EJACULATION, WEAK ERECTION PROBLEM AND CONFIDENTLY LAST LONGER FROM BEING A 1-MINUTE MAN TO OVER 30 MINUTES PER ROUND IN BED How You Can Last 25 Minutes Longer In Bed Tonight Editorial Get the real Shekau now! THE official admission by the Federal Government through the Minister of Defence, Mansur Dan Ali, that the leader of Bok... Presidency, National Assembly should work together Cartoons Cartoon: Mr & Mrs Most Commented Dangote opens one-stop shop in Onitsha39 BIZZARE: Bird transforms into human after electrocution in Rivers373 Buhari to return to UK for follow-up treatment - Presidency162 N2.1bn contract fraud: EFCC probes Senator Nwaoboshi, brother20 State of the nation: Without restructuring we won't go far – Nwabueze, Akinjide, Adebanjo, Utomi20 Magu seeks N5bn compensation for libel26 Nothing like Abacha loot- Bamayi63 Videos Otobo to Apostle Suleman: My God is stronger, has more connections than yours Stephanie Otobo, a Nigerian Canadian singer who accused Suleiman of having extra-marital affairs with her and others, wa... Read More Vanguard awards The hard facts to rescue the Nigerian Economy by Soludo Let me thank the leadership of Vanguard Newspapers for inviting me to lead the discussion on “The Hard Facts to Rescue t... Read More Vanguard Economy Discourse live E-editions Literature Prize Call for Entries 2017 People & Politics Return of the ‘prodigal’ son I don’t think the “thinking cap” is really a cap because Fashola was not wearing one when he performed the smart, ice-br... Read More Afe for Vanguard Moulding Nigeria into a nation (7) All persons elected to the legislature would thus be expected to have regular jobs and would only sit in the hallowed ch... Read More Candid Notes Ife 21, nemo judex in causas sua and Yoruba jurisprudence I HAD this engaging interview with the Alaafin of Oyo in 2002 alongside Wale Adeoye during which the monarch dwelt exten... Read More Talking Point The Customs, Hameed Ali and the Nigerian Senate IT’S not everyday Nigerians get to read about the Nigeria Customs Service even when personnel of the agency in the cours... Read More Muhammed Adamu on Thursday What to do with Saraki NASS I SHOULD not tire to quote David Ingram, who said: “The American founders believed that a constitution that placed unlim... Read More The Hub Igue: Still the ultimate Thanksgiving but… Christians should understand that Igue is not fetish; rather, it is the ultimate annual thanksgiving of the Edos; and it... Read More Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards Environmental Top 50 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Top 50 To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now Medline Reduces Waste Hauling Costs, Half-Full Pickups with IoT March 30, 2017March 30, 2017 by Jessica Lyons Hardcastle Medline Industries, a health-care product manufacturer, reduced its waste generated — along with its pickups and hauling charges — after implementing an Internet of Things product from One Plus that allowed the manufacturer to accurately monitor the fullness level of its waste bins. After installing OnePlus’ Waste Edge, which measures the fullness of a waste compactor container and automatically notifies the hauler to pick up a full container, Medline saw a 46 percent reduction in pickups, translating into a $27,000 annual reduction in hauling charges for one compactor alone. A case study by the city of Chicago’s IoT Council details the partnership. Based in Mundelein, Illinois, Medline is the largest privately held manufacturer and distributor of health care supplies and services in the US. The company has six manufacturing facilities in North America and more than 25 joint venture manufacturing plants worldwide. The company manufactures hundreds of thousands of products, ranging from medical-surgical items to textiles. Because it has such a high volume of production and distribution, it also generates a significant amount of waste. This means high disposal costs, especially if haulers are picking up half-full containers, leading to a increased pickups. OnePlus is an Illinois-based manufacturer of container fullness and control systems. Its other corporate customers include Coca-Cola, General Electric, IBM, Procter & Gamble and Toyota, according to the company website. Its Waste Edge product reduces the cost of waste removal through a two-step process. First, it uses real-time data to accurately measures the fullness of the waste compactor container. Then it automatically notifies the hauler to pick up a full container. Before Waste Edge, hauler billing showed Medline’s container weights ranged from 3.5 to 8 tons. After installing the product, and relying on it to notify haulers when full, the pickup weights increased to around 10 tons, the case study says. After successfully reducing its waste hauling fees with one Waste Edge system, Medline added two more monitors at the same site and are plans to add them at other sites as well. As Environmental Leader has previously reported, the digitalization of the waste and recycling industry gives hauling companies and their customers more — and better — data to improve their operations and achieve waste management and other environmental goals. To this end, cities including Santa Fe and Atlanta have recently signed contracts with smart-waste startup Rubicon Global to improve their waste management services. In addition to its large corporate customers like 7-Eleven, the Salvation Army and Lumber Liquidators, Rubicon in recent months has signed about 50 small business customers in the Chicago area, ChicagoInno reports. Corporations are also employing IoT products and software uses big data to better manage food waste and report on their sustainability efforts. While smart waste and recycling technologies haven’t been as quick to take off as, say, smart building products designed to improve energy efficiency, the sector is poised for growth. According to Navigant Research, the smart waste collection technology market will grow from $57.6 million in 2016 to over $223.6 million in 2025, representing a compound annual growth rate of 16.3 percent. Categories Manufacturing, WasteTags big data, Healthcare, Internet of things, Medline Industries, OnePlus, smart waste Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Meet the 2017 Environmental Leader 50 Honorees Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS ON DEMAND WEBINARS From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the... What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information... From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best... EHS Implementation Success is a Team Sport See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Global Tissue Market 2017- SCA, Georgia Pacific, Kimberly-Clark, Cascades, Kruger, Mets Tissue Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 03/30/2017 — The Tissue Market 2017 Research Report investigates a thorough and complete study on Tissue industry volume, market Share, market Trends, Tissue Growth aspects, wide range of applications, Utilization ratio, Supply and demand analysis, manufacturing capacity, Price durinf Forecast period from 2017 to 2022 The research report labeled Global Tissue Market 2017 presents the penetrating study of Tissue market globally, concentrating on complete analysis of the present and past historical details of Tissue market. The competitive landscape view of the Tissue industry is also covered in this research document. Request Report Sample Here: https://market.biz/report/global-tissue-market-2017/69845/#inquiry Competitive Study of Global Tissue Market 2017 Based on Key Vendors: Procter & Gamble (P&G) SCA Georgia Pacific Kimberly-Clark Cascades Kruger Mets Tissue Heng An WEPA Asaleo Care C&S Paper Essendant Inc(Boardwalk) Oasis Brands Seventh Generation The report organizes the Tissue market across the globe into distinct portion based on industry standards. It also distinguishes the market based on geographical regions. The report mainly throws light on dominant players in the regions of (United States, EU, China, and Japan). Other regions can be added accordingly. Discrete aspects of the Tissue industry like value chain analysis, Tissue industry rules and policies, the factors driving the growth of the market and the constraints hampering the growth are explained. In next section, the Tissue report mentions the products that are currently available in the market along with their cost structures, manufacturing volume, requirement and supply analysis, import/export scenario and their overall contribution to the Tissue market revenue globally. Buy Complete Report Here (To Get Instant access): https://market.biz/report/global-tissue-market-2017/69845/ Further, the report analyzes the feasibility of investment, investment return analysis and shows a complete picture of market development scope and business strategies followed by leading Tissue industry players along with their company profile, market share and contact information. Lastly, the report enlists the vital conclusions that will assist all individuals who have a keen interest in Tissue Market. Browse for More Consumer Goods Market Reports Here: https://market.biz/reporttype/consumer-goods/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Tobacco Packaging Market 2017- Amcor, International Paper, ITC, Phillip Morris International, Bemis Next PostNext Global Tire Bead Wire Market 2017- Bekaert, Camesa Wire Rope, Tata Steel, PRTI, Ganpati Exim Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oilfield Surfactants Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oilfield Surfactants Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 30, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Oilfield Surfactant market is accounted for $1.04 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $1.57 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.1% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increased usage of CO2 Oil Recovery Technology, rising demand for bio-based surfactants, regulations and non-toxicity are driving the market growth. New projects and huge investment in APAC and Africa region, Utilization and Management of Industrial and Agricultural Wastes will further provide growth opportunities for the market globally. However, environmental concerns, decreasing oil prices and regulatory factors are restraining oilfield Surfactant market. Surfactants in personal care product market will see the best growth prospects. Cleaning products segment is expected to show moderate growth. Bio based surfactant segment is estimated to show prospective growth in the Asia-Pacific region. Asia-Pacific region holds the largest market share. However, North America followed by Europe is estimated to show a significant growth in the surfactant market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oilfield-surfactants-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in global Oilfield Surfactant market are Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, The Dow Chemical Company, Evonik Industries AG, BASF SE, Stepan Company, P&G Chemicals, Pilot Chemical Company, Siltech Corporation, Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio, SABIC, Shell Chemicals, Huntsman Corporation, SI Group, Inc, AGAE Technologies, LLC. Substrates Covered: -Bio-Based/Oleo chemical -Bio surfactant -Synthetic/Petrochemical Products Covered: - Anionic Surfactant -Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) -Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) -Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) -Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) -Non-Ionic Surfactant -Alkylphenol ethoxylates -Alkanolamides -Polyglucosides -Sorbitan esters -Alcohol ethoxylates -Fatty amine ethoxylates -Sucrose esters -Cationic Surfactant -Other Surfactants -Silicon Surfactants -Fluorinated Surfactants -Polymeric Surfactants -Amphoteric Surfactants -Association Polymers Applications Covered: -Emulsifiers and Demulsifiers -Lubricants -Dispersants -Corrosion Inhibitors -Foam Control Agents -Setting and Suspending Agents -Biocides -Acrylic End Users Covered: -Personal Care Industry -Textile Industry -Soap Industry -Elastomers and Plastic Industry -Oilfield Chemicals -Industrial and Institutional Cleaning -Crop Protection -Pharmaceuticals -Paper and pulp Industry -Paints, Coatings& Adhesives -Metal & Engineering Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/sample Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 11.1 Rhodia S.A. 11.2 Schlumberger Limited 11.3 The Lubrizol Corporation 11.4 P&G Chemicals 11.5 BASF SE 11.6 Pilot Chemical Company 11.7 Stepan Company 11.8 Siltech Corporation 11.9 Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio 11.10 SABIC 11.11 Shell Chemicals 11.12 Huntsman Corporation 11.13 Henkel AG AND CO. KGAA 11.14 SI Group, Inc 11.15 AGAE Technologies, LLC Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:15pm Fri 31 March Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall Street, greenback gain By Margreet Dietz 7:51 AM Friday Mar 31, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets Mobile Business New York Stock Exchange United States Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photo / Getty Images Wall Street and the US dollar advanced, while Treasuries declined, after a report showed stronger economic growth than previously estimated. A Commerce Department report showed gross domestic product rose at a 2.1 per cent annualised rate in the fourth quarter, up from the previously reported 1.9 per cent pace. Separately, a Labour Department reported showed initial claims for state unemployment benefits declined 3,000 to a seasonally adjusted 258,000 for the week ended March 25. The reports came a day after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said the "base-case" is for four interest rate increases this year, while San Francisco's John Williams said he "would not rule out more than three increases total for this year." The Fed raised its key rate earlier this month and signalled a total of three hikes in 2017. "Consumer spending will lead growth thanks to higher incomes from more jobs and rising wages," Gus Faucher, deputy chief economist at PNC Financial in Pittsburgh, told Reuters. In 1.42pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.34 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index increased 0.26 per cent. In 1.28pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 0.27 per cent. The Dow moved higher as advances in shares of Goldman Sachs and those of UnitedHealth Group, up 1.2 per cent each recently, outweighed declines in shares of Nike and those of Procter & Gamble, down 1.3 per cent and 0.4 per cent respectively. Bucking the overall trend, shares of Lululemon Athletica sank, trading 23.3 per cent weaker as of 1.53pm in New York, after the Canadian yogawear retailer predicted a decline in first-quarter comparable sales and forecast full-year earnings that fell short of analysts' expectations. "We see a larger issue brewing," Camilo Lyon, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity who recommends selling the stock, said in a report Thursday, Bloomberg reported. Continued below. Related Content Laptop ban: What it means for Kiwi travellers SFO charges former F&P Healthcare worker Fonterra looks to replicate co-op structure abroad "Pricing, competition and/or fashion alternatives were a strong enough force to drive the consumer away, and thus will make it that much more difficult to recapture her." Oil rose, climbing for a third straight day, amid bets major oil producers will agree to extend a deal to curb output. Kuwait oil minister Essam al-Marzouq said his country was among several nations supporting the extension of a deal between the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other exporters to limit output, Reuters reported, citing state news agency KUNA. "I see no sign from OPEC and Saudi Arabia that they will not roll over the cut into the second half of the year," Scott Shelton, energy futures broker with ICAP in Durham, North Carolina, told Reuters. "The market is about to go from supply surplus to deficit on crude." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 0.5 per cent gain from the previous close. Both Germany's DAX Index and France's CAC40 Index each closed 0.4 per cent higher. The UK's FTSE 100 Index slipped less than 0.1 per cent. Shares of Hennes & Mauritz closed 4 percent lower after the retailer flagged "more aggressive" price cuts to clear inventory over the next three months if needed. H&M's inventory levels are up 30 per cent year-on-year and profit will be hurt should the retailer have to offer deeper discounts, Michelle Wilson, an analyst at Berenberg, told Bloomberg. - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Tourist attackers plead guilty Two men plead guilty to attacking male and female overseas tourists at Ahipara. Hawke's Bay Today Hockeyroos snap out of slumber in second half Team USA made no secret of their intentions so did they upset the Hockeyroos? Bay of Plenty Times Dawn Picken: Beating around in the bush Dawn Picken volunteered for three days at camp with her son. Our Features' Top Stories Driven You can buy a 'Reborn' 60s E-type direct from Jaguar An initial batch of 10 examples is planned by Jaguar Land Rover Classic Works... Viva Best dressed celebrities of the week Celebrities turned on the glamour this week with a touch of fairy tale dressing True Commercial Grey Lynn property in prime location An investment property for sale in Grey Lynn is generating over $200,000. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 31 Mar 2017 19:58:24 Processing Time: 21ms
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. e-commerce execs explain to suppliers the retailer’s new strategy Arkansas State University scientists working on using spinach leaves to replace heart veins Acxiom signs lease for Creative Corridor space in Little Rock Fayetteville Parks Department seeks public input for 5-year plan Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics House passes amendment prohibiting firearms at UAMS, state hospital and Razorback games No vote yet on speaker’s proposed constitutional amendment, marijuana laws approved Harvard Law report says executions challenge ‘legitimacy and integrity’ of Arkansas’ death penalty law U.S. economy expands at 2.1% in fourth quarter of 2016, boosted by consumer spending Senate votes for medical marijuana tax Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Acxiom signs lease for Creative Corridor space in Little Rock OK Foods recalls nearly 1 million pounds of breaded chicken J.B. Hunt opens first sales office in Canada Thaden School adds to faculty with local artist Video / Podcasts Rep. Crawford surprised by Comey disclosure, ‘all options’ on table with North Korea Rep. Crawford’s concerns on health care reform center on government role, legislative process U.S. Rep. Womack: A ‘lean yes’ on Ryan health care plan, wants changes on House floor Sen. John Boozman: Nothing ‘off the table’ including military options on North Korean aggression U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. e-commerce execs explain to suppliers the retailer’s new strategy J.B. Hunt opens first sales office in Canada Truck driver turnover rate falls to 71% Truck drivers shed weight in health challenge, fight high obesity rate Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart reinforces commitment to women-owned businesses with nine-company data gathering effort BusinessLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 13 hours ago 34 views  Tags: women-owned business 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon is joined on stage at the Women’s Empowerment Summit held Wednesday in Washington D.C. In the photo are (left to right) Alex Gorsky, CEO of Johnson & Johnson; Muhtar Kent, CEO of Coca Cola; Denise Morrison, CEO of Campbell Soup; and McMillon. (The photo is from McMillon’s Facebook page.) Over the past five years Wal-Mart Stores achieved its goal to buy $20 billion in goods and service from women-owned businesses in the U.S., according to the retailer. However, the retailer said it fell short of goal to double the amount of products sourced from businesses owned by women outside the U.S. The retail giant has found a gender gap on a global scale, particularly in countries like China which is the source for many products. Just 2% of Wal-Mart’s global purchases come from women-owned businesses which is whey the retailer says it continues to invest time and money to equal the playing field. Wednesday (March 29) at the Women’s Economic Empowerment Summit in Washington, D.C., the retail giant announced it is one of nine corporations in an effort to track and report sourcing from self-identified and certified women-owned businesses (WOBs) over the next five years. The report will be comprised by Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) and based on industry data. Wal-Mart said this is the first time a public report has been attempted. The retailer said it worked to get a eight of its largest suppliers involved to create a more visible movement and raise awareness for the importance of sourcing from women-owned businesses. The nine company collaboration includes Wal-Mart, Campbell Soup, Coca-Cola, ExxonMobil, General Mills, Johnson & Johnson, Mondelez, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble. The companies plan to report their progress each year to the WBENC who will validate the companies that are owned or operated by women, given that government agencies and the private sector run programs to promote women-owned businesses. The council will use the data to produce an annual report. “Creating economic opportunity and growth is central to who we are as a company,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, who attended Wednesday’s Summit. “We are proud to be part of this important initiative, and together we can make an even bigger impact in elevating these successful women-owned businesses. Our customers care where products are sourced, and we believe supporting women-owned businesses helps us put innovative products on our shelves while helping these businesses thrive and grow.” McMillon posted on his social media site Thursday that his favorite quote from the Summit came from Denise Morrison, CEO of Campbell Soup Company who said, “Declare who you want to be, because you will need people to help you get there.” INTERNATIONAL DIFFICULTIES The new initiative is needed because Wal-Mart has found it underestimated the challenges women entrepreneurs face in some countries, according to Kathleen McLaughlin, president of the Walmart Foundation, who also attended the Summit. She said Wal-Mart has been able to double the amount spent to source goods from women-owned businesses in Mexico, but that’s not the case elsewhere. “In China, for example, it’s taken us years just to identify the women-led businesses because there was no private or government data to help with the research,” she said. “In Japan, women haven’t traditionally been encouraged to start businesses, so we had to begin with pitch contests there to inspire women to participate.” She said Wal-Mart understands the difficulties of creating a lasting change in some cultures which is why it’s intensifying the effort to support women business leaders by asking its large, male-led suppliers to report on the gender makeup of employees on their key, internal teams. She hopes other companies will join the effort of Wal-Mart and the eight other companies. BETTER MARGINS “Supporting women-owned businesses and diversity across our suppliers is central to who we are at PepsiCo,” said Indra Nooyi, chairman and CEO of PepsiCo. “Our commitment to diversity is not only a source of pride, it is a source of strength. And it’s part of our broader commitment to what we call Performance with Purpose, our approach to building a healthier, sustainable future for all our stakeholders – from our suppliers to our shareholders to our consumers, customers, employees, and the communities we serve.” McLaughlin said Wal-Mart has learned that promoting women-owned businesses is also a sound financial strategy. “We’ve found that products from women-led companies have better sell-through rates and better margins,” McLaughlin said. She believes women entrepreneurs do well in part because they tend to get involved in businesses while making use of their own personal experiences. She said Wal-Mart buys products and services from more than 1,500 women-led businesses around the world. The retailer has also given out $134 million in grants for training 1 million women in and outside of its global supply chain. Comments comments Previous post U.S. economy expands at 2.1% in fourth quarter of 2016, boosted by consumer spending Next post Fayetteville Parks Department seeks public input for 5-year plan Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Estate planning and potential pitfalls Eva Madison Laws that apply to liability lawsuits are changing Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, the politics of color, and celebrating creativity Gov. Asa Hutchinson Touting tourism Latest Popular The Supply Side: Walmart U.S. e-commerce execs explain to suppliers the retailer’s new strategy 5 hours ago House passes amendment prohibiting firearms at UAMS, state hospital and Razorback games 6 hours ago No vote yet on speaker’s proposed constitutional amendment, marijuana laws approved 8 hours ago Arkansas State University scientists working on using spinach leaves to replace heart veins 9 hours ago Harvard Law report says executions challenge ‘legitimacy and integrity’ of Arkansas’ death penalty law 9 hours ago Fort Smith businessman seeks marijuana cultivation center, working to figure out a new industry 1,896 views Shandong Sun Paper files first permit application with ADEQ, incorporates with new Arkansas name of ‘Sun Bio’ 1,374 views Small business reinvents itself through social media, helps mother recover from the loss of her son 884 views Rep. Gray selected to lead Arkansas Democrats 848 views Former candidate blasts Fort Smith School Board over alleged double standard 833 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News 2017-2022 Sheet Mask Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications Report Summary This report studies the Sheet Mask market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Sheet Mask market by product type and applications/end industries. The global Sheet Mask market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of Sheet Mask. United States plays an important role in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2016 and will be xx million USD in 2022, with a CAGR of XX. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Sheet Mask in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Middle East and Africa The major players in global and United States Sheet Mask market, including L’Oreal, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, P&G, Unilever, Avon, Johnson & Johnson, AmorePacific, LVMH, Kose, Mentonlatum, Mary Kay, Leaders Clinic, MAGIC, Inoherb, Herborist, A.S.Watson,, Jinko, Sisder, Sewame, The On the basis of product, the Sheet Mask market is primarily split into Silk Sheet Mask Cotton Sheet Mask   Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Mixed Fabric Sheet Mask Biological Fiber Sheet Mask On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Supermarket/Hypermarket Retail Store Department Store   Online Sales Others   More detailed information or any requirements, please feel free to contact : mango@qyresearchglobal.com or mango@qyresearcheurope.com   Tablet of contents 1 Methodology and Data Source 2 Sheet Mask Market Overview 3 Sheet Mask Application/End Users 4 Sheet Mask Market Status and Outlook by Regions 5 Global Sheet Mask Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 6 United States Sheet Mask Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 7 Sheet Mask Players/Manufacturers Profiles and Sales Data 8 Sheet Mask Manufacturing Cost, Industrial Chain and Downstream Buyers 9 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors and Market Effect Factors 10 Global Sheet Mask Market Forecast 11 Research Findings and Conclusion   Want to get industry insight analysis of specialized country, region or competitor?  Inquire now: mango@qyresearchglobal.com or mango@qyresearcheurope.com    List of Tables and Figures Figure Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure United States Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Product Picture of Silk Sheet Mask Table Major Players of Silk Sheet Mask Figure Global Silk Sheet Mask Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) Figure Product Picture of Cotton Sheet Mask Table Major Players of Cotton Sheet Mask Figure Global Cotton Sheet Mask  Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) Figure Product Picture of Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Table Major Players of Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Figure Global Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) Table Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (%) Comparison by Types (2012, 2016 and 2022) Table Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Units) by Types (2012-2017) Table Global Sheet Mask Sales Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) Figure Global Sales Sheet Mask Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) Figure Global Sales Sheet Mask Market Share (%) by Types in 2016 Table Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) by Types (2012-2017) Table Global Sheet Mask Revenue Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) Figure Global Sheet Mask Revenue Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) Figure 2016 Global Sheet Mask Revenue Market Share (%) by Types …     Related Reports: Europe Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 India Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 China Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 Korea Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 Japan Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 Media Contact Company Name: QYResearch Contact Person: Mango Yang Email: Send Email Phone: 020 8665 5165 Address:11323 136th Ave City: PUYALLUP State: Washington Country: United States Website: http://qyresearchglobal.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Manufacturing & Industry, Marketing & Sales, U.S., World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vending Machines Market to 2021 Industry Size, Share, Trends, Analysis and Forecasts: Hexa Reports Next PostNext Butene Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYLIFE How 10 highly successful people manage stress Lindsay Dodgson, Business Insider Thursday 30 March 2017 17:39 BST Click to follow Indy/Life Stress affects all of us sometimes. Work, relationships, and money problems are some of the most common triggers, according to the National Health Service. When you have a lot going on at work, it can get even harder to focus. This can result in a build-up of more work you haven't been able to concentrate on, thus causing a vicious cycle of a more stress. CEOs and founders of big companies have all gone through stressful moments like everyone else, and they all have different ways of dealing with the tough times. Here are how some of the most successful people in the world have learned to unwind after years of managing the stress that comes with running a global business. 1. Bill Gates reads before he goes to bed Microsoft cofounder Bill Gates likes to read before bed. He told The Seattle Times he reads for at least an hour, no matter how late it is. Gates has also taken a lot of advice from Warren Buffett over the years. In an interview with Fortune magazine, Gates said something he learned from Buffett was to keep things simple. "His ability to boil things down, to just work on the things that really count, to think through the basics — it's so amazing that he can do that. It's a special form of genius." In other words, strip away all the fuss and it's easier to focus on the task at hand. 2. Tim Cook tunes out the cynics (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) After receiving an honorary degree from The University of Glasgow, Apple CEO Tim Cook advised students to stay positive and tune out a lot of the noise you'll come up against in life. Listening to everyone all the time is incredibly stressful. "In today's environment, the world is full of cynics and you have to tune them out," he said. "Because if not, they become a cancer in your mind, in your thinking, and you begin thinking that you can't or that life is negative." 3. Meg Whitman goes fly-fishing Meg Whitman has had an amazing career at several massive companies, including P&G, eBay, and now Hewlett-Packard. In an interview with Fast Company, Whitman mentioned her love of fly-fishing. She and her son go about six times every year. According to research from the University of California's Merced campus, engaging in leisure activities can provide immediate stress relief, and can also have other health benefits. Research from the National Library of Medicine also showed regular leisure activity can manage negative feelings such as stress. 4. Warren Buffet plays the ukulele Warren Buffet, one of the most successful investors in the world, is a man of many hobbies. He enjoys playing the ukulele, and has even performed on live news. The study from the University of California, Merced, also found engaging in a mentally stimulating activity such as learning an instrument can help reduce stress. 5. Sheryl Sandberg turns off her phone at night For Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, it isn't so much about what she does, but what she doesn't do. She tries to stop herself scrolling through social media or reading emails at night by turning her phone off. She told USA Today it's painful to switch off, but she gets the benefits of not being disturbed throughout the night. After all, a better night's sleep makes it a lot easier to deal with stressful situations the morning after. Looking at our laptop and phone screens late at night is very bad for us, according to research which has shown the light can prevent our bodies from releasing a hormone called melatonin which helps us sleep. Basically, the less screen time at night, the more your body clock will thank you. 6. Jack Dorsey sticks to a schedule (Getty Images) In an interview with Forbes, Twitter cofounder and CEO Jack Dorsey said the way he deals with having a lot on his plate is by having a schedule, and sticking to it. Dorsey likes to compartmentalize tasks for certain days of the week. Mondays are for meetings, Tuesdays are for developing products, Wednesdays are for marketing tasks, Thursdays are for networking, and Fridays are for building company culture. Saturday he can take a break, but it all starts up again on Sunday, which is recruitment day. "I think generally stress comes from things that are unexpected," Dorsey told Forbes. "The more you can set a cadence around what you do and the more ritual and the more consistency you can build in your schedule, the less stress you're going to have." According to New York Magazine, Dorsey also goes for a six mile run every morning. 7. Susan Wojcicki makes time for family holidays For YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki, managing stress is all about taking enough time off for herself. She spoke on Today about the importance of properly addressing her family life before returning to work. "I think it's really important to take time off," she said, "I've also found that sometimes you get really good insights by taking time off, too." 8. Elon Musk faces his fears head-on In 2008, the worldwide economy wasn't looking good. Car companies were going bankrupt, and Tesla was struggling. CEO Elon Musk was also going through a divorce at the time. However, he managed to get through it and thrive, making calm, collected decisions along the way. So what was his secret? At the Dublin Web Summit in 2013, he explained how it's all to do with fear, and that Silicon Valley entrepreneurs just aren't afraid to fail. "Fear is finite, hope is infinite. We are afraid of failing, but it doesn't stop us from trying," he said. "People should certainly ignore fear if it's irrational. Even if it's rational and the stake is worth it, it's still worth proceeding." 9. Indra Nooyi focuses on self-confidence PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi learned her confidence and work ethic at a young age. She told Business Insider that every night at the dinner table, her mother would challenge her and her sister to write a speech about what they would do if they were prime minister or president. Every day it would be a different world leader they would have to pretend to be, and Nooyi's mother would vote for either her or her sister. Nooyi's grandfather, a charismatic judge, also helped her confidence. If she was unable to do something, he would make her write "I will not make excuses" 200 times on a piece of paper. All of this fuelled Nooyi on to achieve a successful career, and she reminds herself of everything she is capable of if things get stressful. "In my heart I said, 'I can do this better than anyone else can, and if everything else fails, they're going to come to me and say, 'Fix it,' because I know I'm that good," she told Business Insider. "Remember, I could be president of India!" 10. Jeff Bezos laughs a lot (Getty) "In my particular case, I laugh a lot," said Amazon founder Jeff Bezos in an interview with Academy of Achievement. He also said a large part of feeling stressed is ignoring things that you shouldn't be ignoring. "Stress primarily comes from not taking action over something that you can have some control over," he said. "I find as soon as I identify it, and make the first phone call, or send off the first e-mail message, or whatever it is that we're going to do to start to address that situation — even if it's not solved — the mere fact that we're addressing it dramatically reduces any stress that might come from it." In other words, identify the problem, take control of it, and move forward. Read more: • The perfect book to read at every stage of your career • Leftover rice could make you sick if you don't do this one thing • SpaceX is about to try something 'potentially revolutionary' in the history of space travel Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter. More about: Bill Gates Stress Anxiety Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Vail Resorts Names Lynanne Kunkel Chief Human Resource Officer News provided by Vail Resorts, Inc. Mar 30, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article BROOMFIELD, Colo., March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Vail Resorts, Inc. (NYSE: MTN) today announced the hiring of Lynanne J. Kunkel as chief human resources officer of the Company, effective May 15, 2017. Kunkel will oversee all facets of human resources leadership and management across the Company's global operations, and lead the Company's efforts in attracting, supporting and developing talent. "I am excited to welcome Lynanne to our Vail Resorts team," said Rob Katz, chairman and chief executive officer of Vail Resorts. "Her deep experience in human resource operations and passion for leadership, culture and talent development will be essential to our future growth and success, which relies on supporting and developing our highly-engaged team of more than 30,000 passionate, ambitious and brave people who create the experience of a lifetime for our guests and each other." (PRNewsFoto/Vail Resorts, Inc.)... Since 2010, Kunkel has served in various executive positions for Michigan-based Whirlpool Corporation, most recently as senior vice president of global human resources. Prior to that role, Kunkel was vice president of global talent development and HR Asia, and earlier served as human resources vice president of the North America region. From 1989-2009, Kunkel served in a number of roles at Ohio-based Procter & Gamble Company, most recently as human resources director of global home care. Throughout her career, Kunkel has led all aspects of human resources to deliver enhanced business performance in areas that include: business HR; talent acquisition; talent management; leadership development; organizational effectiveness; diversity and inclusion; and talent analytics. "I am thrilled to join Vail Resorts, which attributes so much of its success to the people who work there," said Kunkel. "This new role is a very unique opportunity that combines my passion for unleashing talent and building high-performing, inspired organizations with my passion for the outdoors and the mountains, all in an innovative and growing company with an exciting future." Kunkel received her bachelor's degree in chemical engineering and public policy from Carnegie Mellon University. She is active in the community, having served in multiple leadership roles with both the United Way and Habitat for Humanity. She, her husband Ray, and their five children are all avid skiers and snowboarders in the winter and enjoy boating and water sports during the summer. About Vail Resorts, Inc. Vail Resorts, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is the leading global mountain resort operator. The Company's subsidiaries operate ten world-class mountain resorts and three urban ski areas, including Vail, Beaver Creek, Breckenridge and Keystone in Colorado; Park City in Utah; Heavenly, Northstar and Kirkwood in the Lake Tahoe area of California and Nevada; Perisher in Australia; Whistler Blackcomb in Canada; Afton Alps in Minnesota, Mt. Brighton in Michigan and Wilmot Mountain in Wisconsin. The Company owns and/or manages a collection of casually elegant hotels under the RockResorts brand, as well as the Grand Teton Lodge Company in Jackson Hole, Wyo. Vail Resorts Development Company is the real estate planning and development subsidiary of Vail Resorts, Inc. Vail Resorts is a publicly held company traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: MTN). The Vail Resorts company website is www.vailresorts.com and consumer website is www.snow.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vail-resorts-names-lynanne-kunkel-chief-human-resource-officer-300431551.html SOURCE Vail Resorts, Inc. Related Links http://www.vailresorts.com Mar 10, 2017, 06:45 ET Preview: Vail Resorts Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Results and Increases Quarterly Dividend by 30% My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 10, 2017, 06:45 ETVail Resorts Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Results and... Feb 24, 2017, 09:00 ETVail Resorts Announces Renewal Of Whistler Blackcomb Master... Explore More news releases in similar topics Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Travel Industry Personnel Announcements You just read: Vail Resorts Names Lynanne Kunkel Chief Human Resource Officer News provided by Vail Resorts, Inc. Mar 30, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News 2017-2022 Sheet Mask Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications Report Summary This report studies the Sheet Mask market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Sheet Mask market by product type and applications/end industries. The global Sheet Mask market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of Sheet Mask. United States plays an important role in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2016 and will be xx million USD in 2022, with a CAGR of XX. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Sheet Mask in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Middle East and Africa The major players in global and United States Sheet Mask market, including L’Oreal, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, P&G, Unilever, Avon, Johnson & Johnson, AmorePacific, LVMH, Kose, Mentonlatum, Mary Kay, Leaders Clinic, MAGIC, Inoherb, Herborist, A.S.Watson,, Jinko, Sisder, Sewame, The On the basis of product, the Sheet Mask market is primarily split into Silk Sheet Mask Cotton Sheet Mask Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Mixed Fabric Sheet Mask Biological Fiber Sheet Mask On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Supermarket/Hypermarket Retail Store Department Store Online Sales Others More detailed information or any requirements, please feel free to contact : mango@qyresearchglobal.com or mango@qyresearcheurope.com Tablet of contents 1 Methodology and Data Source 2 Sheet Mask Market Overview 3 Sheet Mask Application/End Users 4 Sheet Mask Market Status and Outlook by Regions 5 Global Sheet Mask Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 6 United States Sheet Mask Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 7 Sheet Mask Players/Manufacturers Profiles and Sales Data 8 Sheet Mask Manufacturing Cost, Industrial Chain and Downstream Buyers 9 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors and Market Effect Factors 10 Global Sheet Mask Market Forecast 11 Research Findings and Conclusion Want to get industry insight analysis of specialized country, region or competitor?  Inquire now: mango@qyresearchglobal.com or mango@qyresearcheurope.com List of Tables and Figures Figure Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure United States Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Product Picture of Silk Sheet Mask Table Major Players of Silk Sheet Mask Figure Global Silk Sheet Mask Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) Figure Product Picture of Cotton Sheet Mask Table Major Players of Cotton Sheet Mask Figure Global Cotton Sheet Mask Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) Figure Product Picture of Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Table Major Players of Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Figure Global Polyester fiber Sheet Mask Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (%) (2012-2017) Table Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (%) Comparison by Types (2012, 2016 and 2022) Table Global Sheet Mask Sales (K Units) by Types (2012-2017) Table Global Sheet Mask Sales Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) Figure Global Sales Sheet Mask Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) Figure Global Sales Sheet Mask Market Share (%) by Types in 2016 Table Global Sheet Mask Revenue (Million USD) by Types (2012-2017) Table Global Sheet Mask Revenue Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) Figure Global Sheet Mask Revenue Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) Figure 2016 Global Sheet Mask Revenue Market Share (%) by Types … Relate Report: Europe Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 India Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 China Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 Korea Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 Japan Sheet Mask Market Research Report 2017 About QYResearch QYResearch established in 2007, a leading market reports publisher for in-depth industry research, analysis and forecasts with a professional team of market experts, analysts and consultants.Reports cover more than 30 industries (niche or top), and currently having 4,000 well-known clients from all over the world, such as Samsung, Bank of America, Dow etc.. As an original report publisher, an increasing number of distributors have cooperated with QYResearch because of good quality and competitive price. Till now, QYResearch has become many companies’ worth trusted report supplier and first choice. QYResearch Publisher-Global Sales Mango Yang QYResearch limited Tel: +86 20 22093278 Email: mango@qyresearchglobal.comor mango@qyresearcheurope.com Website: qyresearchglobal.com/ or qyresearcheurope.com/ QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research, Companies, Computing, Industry, major, Markets, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Acoustic Emission Monitoring System Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Sodium Carbonate (CAS 497-19-8) Market Report 2017 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Bharat Finance gains after completing securitization transaction Business Standard Strong market breadth Capital Market  March 30, 2017 Last Updated at 11:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUJQjF ALSO READ Sensex, Nifty hit fresh intraday low Sensex, Nifty hit over one-week low Sensex, Nifty provisionally settle with small gains Sensex, Nifty provisionally close with small losses Sensex, Nifty hit nearly two-week closing low Key benchmark indices were trading in narrow range near day's high in mid-morning trade. At 11:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 86.06 points or 0.29% at 29,617.49. The Nifty 50 index was up 17.85 points or 0.20% at 9,161.65. Investors' sentiment got a boost after the much-awaited tax reform -- Goods and Services Tax (GST) -- inched closer to its 1 July 2017 rollout date with the Lok Sabha approving four supplementary legislations yesterday, 29 March 2017. The market could see some volatility in intraday as traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month March 2017 series to April 2017 series. The near month March 2017 derivatives contract expire today, 30 March 2017. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.46%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.90%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The broad market depicted strength. There were almost three gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,649 shares rose and 663 shares fell. A total of 175 shares were unchanged. IT shares were mixed. Oracle Financial Services Software (up 1.02%), TCS (up 0.66%), MindTree (up 0.42%), HCL Technologies (up 0.21%) and Tech Mahindra (up 0.10%), edged higher. Infosys (down 0.14%), Wipro (down 0.14%), Persistent Systems (down 0.35%), Hexaware Technologies (down 0.36%) and MphasiS (down 2.9%), edged lower. FMCG shares edged higher. Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 2.67%), Nestle India (up 1.2%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.93%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 0.89%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.73%), Britannia Industries (up 0.68%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.6%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.07%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.02%), edged higher. Marico (down 0.5%) and Dabur India (down 0.56%), edged lower. On the economic front, the Lok Sabha cleared four bills related to the Goods and Services Tax (GST) yesterday, 29 March 2017, setting the stage for 28 states, along with Delhi and Puducherry, to enact state laws over the next three months to roll out the new tax regime from July 2017. The four bills Integrated GST, Central GST, Union Territory GST and Compensation Bill will be followed by work in the GST council, comprising FM Arun Jaitley and state finance ministers, to finalise rules and product- and service-wise rates by the end of April. GST will replace central excise, service tax and state VAT and several other levies, in addition to subsuming existing cesses and surcharges. Overseas, Asian stocks were trading lower despite a positive lead from Wall Street as investors reassessed the outlook for monetary policy at the European Central Bank. The tech-heavy Nasdaq closed higher for a fourth straight session Wednesday, while the Dow industrials finished lower, as stock investors digested hawkish comments from Federal Reserve speakers and a drop in US gasoline inventories bolstered the energy sector. The Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 22.41 points, or 0.4%, to finish at 5,897.55. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 42.18 points, or 0.2%, to close at 20,659.32. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Bse | Nifty | Sensex | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Register for LSE India Summit 2017 on 29-30 March Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Strong market breadth Key benchmark indices were trading in narrow range near day's high in mid-morning trade. At 11:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 86.06 points or 0.29% at 29,617.49. The Nifty 50 index was up 17.85 points or 0.20% at 9,161.65. Key benchmark indices were trading in narrow range near day's high in mid-morning trade. At 11:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 86.06 points or 0.29% at 29,617.49. The Nifty 50 index was up 17.85 points or 0.20% at 9,161.65. Investors' sentiment got a boost after the much-awaited tax reform -- Goods and Services Tax (GST) -- inched closer to its 1 July 2017 rollout date with the Lok Sabha approving four supplementary legislations yesterday, 29 March 2017. The market could see some volatility in intraday as traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month March 2017 series to April 2017 series. The near month March 2017 derivatives contract expire today, 30 March 2017. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.46%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.90%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The broad market depicted strength. There were almost three gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,649 shares rose and 663 shares fell. A total of 175 shares were unchanged. IT shares were mixed. Oracle Financial Services Software (up 1.02%), TCS (up 0.66%), MindTree (up 0.42%), HCL Technologies (up 0.21%) and Tech Mahindra (up 0.10%), edged higher. Infosys (down 0.14%), Wipro (down 0.14%), Persistent Systems (down 0.35%), Hexaware Technologies (down 0.36%) and MphasiS (down 2.9%), edged lower. FMCG shares edged higher. Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 2.67%), Nestle India (up 1.2%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.93%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 0.89%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.73%), Britannia Industries (up 0.68%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.6%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.07%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.02%), edged higher. Marico (down 0.5%) and Dabur India (down 0.56%), edged lower. On the economic front, the Lok Sabha cleared four bills related to the Goods and Services Tax (GST) yesterday, 29 March 2017, setting the stage for 28 states, along with Delhi and Puducherry, to enact state laws over the next three months to roll out the new tax regime from July 2017. The four bills Integrated GST, Central GST, Union Territory GST and Compensation Bill will be followed by work in the GST council, comprising FM Arun Jaitley and state finance ministers, to finalise rules and product- and service-wise rates by the end of April. GST will replace central excise, service tax and state VAT and several other levies, in addition to subsuming existing cesses and surcharges. Overseas, Asian stocks were trading lower despite a positive lead from Wall Street as investors reassessed the outlook for monetary policy at the European Central Bank. The tech-heavy Nasdaq closed higher for a fourth straight session Wednesday, while the Dow industrials finished lower, as stock investors digested hawkish comments from Federal Reserve speakers and a drop in US gasoline inventories bolstered the energy sector. The Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 22.41 points, or 0.4%, to finish at 5,897.55. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 42.18 points, or 0.2%, to close at 20,659.32. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Strong market breadth Key benchmark indices were trading in narrow range near day's high in mid-morning trade. At 11:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 86.06 points or 0.29% at 29,617.49. The Nifty 50 index was up 17.85 points or 0.20% at 9,161.65. Investors' sentiment got a boost after the much-awaited tax reform -- Goods and Services Tax (GST) -- inched closer to its 1 July 2017 rollout date with the Lok Sabha approving four supplementary legislations yesterday, 29 March 2017. The market could see some volatility in intraday as traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month March 2017 series to April 2017 series. The near month March 2017 derivatives contract expire today, 30 March 2017. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.46%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.90%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The broad market depicted strength. There were almost three gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,649 shares rose and 663 shares fell. A total of 175 shares were unchanged. IT shares were mixed. Oracle Financial Services Software (up 1.02%), TCS (up 0.66%), MindTree (up 0.42%), HCL Technologies (up 0.21%) and Tech Mahindra (up 0.10%), edged higher. Infosys (down 0.14%), Wipro (down 0.14%), Persistent Systems (down 0.35%), Hexaware Technologies (down 0.36%) and MphasiS (down 2.9%), edged lower. FMCG shares edged higher. Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 2.67%), Nestle India (up 1.2%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.93%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 0.89%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.73%), Britannia Industries (up 0.68%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.6%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.07%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.02%), edged higher. Marico (down 0.5%) and Dabur India (down 0.56%), edged lower. On the economic front, the Lok Sabha cleared four bills related to the Goods and Services Tax (GST) yesterday, 29 March 2017, setting the stage for 28 states, along with Delhi and Puducherry, to enact state laws over the next three months to roll out the new tax regime from July 2017. The four bills Integrated GST, Central GST, Union Territory GST and Compensation Bill will be followed by work in the GST council, comprising FM Arun Jaitley and state finance ministers, to finalise rules and product- and service-wise rates by the end of April. GST will replace central excise, service tax and state VAT and several other levies, in addition to subsuming existing cesses and surcharges. Overseas, Asian stocks were trading lower despite a positive lead from Wall Street as investors reassessed the outlook for monetary policy at the European Central Bank. The tech-heavy Nasdaq closed higher for a fourth straight session Wednesday, while the Dow industrials finished lower, as stock investors digested hawkish comments from Federal Reserve speakers and a drop in US gasoline inventories bolstered the energy sector. The Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 22.41 points, or 0.4%, to finish at 5,897.55. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 42.18 points, or 0.2%, to close at 20,659.32. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Why Alphabet Inc Needs to Act Fast to Reassure Advertisers In this podcast, the Market Foolery team turns its attention to the latest controversy at YouTube as major advertisers have complained about their ads appearing next to objectionable videos. As the online advertising race between Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG)  and Facebook (NASDAQ: FB) intensifies, the internet giant has no choice but to address the issue quickly. To wrap up the show, the team also answers a listener question for Canadian investors before discussing the state of March Madness. A full transcript follows the video. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of March 6, 2017 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. This video was recorded on March 27, 2017. Chris Hill: It’s Monday, March 27th. Welcome to Market Foolery. I’m Chris Hill. Joining me in studio today, from Million Dollar Portfolio , Jason Moser; and from Stock Advisor Canada , Taylor Muckerman. Happy Monday! Jason Moser: Hey, now! Taylor Muckerman: We’re doing it! Hill: We are doing it. Welcome back! You’ve been busy. Muckerman: Yeah, a couple weeks. You were at South by Southwest. We’ve been overlapping each other. Hill: There we go. It’s good to have you back in the studio. Muckerman: It’s good to be back. Hill: We’re going to dip into the Fool mailbag. We have to start with a story that’s been brewing for a little while. I’ll be honest. This is a story, I saw a headline on this a week or two ago, and it registered like, huh, that’s interesting, and it continues to balloon. This is the fact that a week ago, Google formally apologized for running customer’s ads alongside objectionable videos. We’ve talked before about YouTube and how important it is in the world of search, and how it’s one of the most popular places to search. And you see these stories about, if YouTube was a stand-alone company, it’d be worth somewhere in the neighborhood of $75 billion. Google makes this apology a week ago, and here we are a week later, and I guess, among other things, Jason, probably a reminder that YouTube is a really big place with lots of videos, and therefore it’s hard even for the owners to monitor it. The Wall Street Journal had this big story about how Coca-Cola ,  Microsoft , Amazon , Procter & Gamble , these mainstream brands, are still seeing their ads alongside videos with racist content, anti-Semitic, all of this stuff where the advertisers, rightfully so, say, „I don’t want my ads next to that.” Moser: Yeah. We’re going to hit a point here, sooner or later, it’s going to be like you do with your kids, they can say sorry only so many times before you’re like, „I get that you’re sorry. Just don’t do it again. I’m not looking for sorry anymore.” So, I think with Google and YouTube, this is obviously something that’s a big deal. It’s not something that immediately impacts their bottom line. When we talk about the bread and butter for Google’s money-making machine, it’s search advertising. But, there’s a good percentage, close to 20% of that money, comes through advertising with third-party customers. So, when ads go next to objectionable content, of course, those parties are going to express concern, they want to know what’s going on, why is this happening, and what are you going to do to make it stop? Because there is no middle ground here. It’s just, flat-out, „This is unacceptable, don’t let it happen anymore.” This is sort of one of those things with this age of automation, as we go more toward automating everything, particularly on the consumer-facing side, I think it’s really difficult to ever fall back on the old, „Well, the algorithm did it, it wasn’t our fault.” Because, ultimately, someone built the algorithm. I think what Google needs to figure out here is, what is happening to make this happen, and how do they fix it? And whether it is through technology, whether it’s through humanizing it a little bit more, and actually bringing on more people to add a human touch to these customer relationships, they need to do something with this before this gets out of hand. We’ve talked about this a lot, especially in MDP, we own shares of Alphabet, and we own shares of Facebook: We own a far larger position in Facebook, and part of the reason for that is, when you look at the direction things are headed in social, and in internet behavior, there’s no question that Facebook is becoming a place, not just Facebook, but its properties, whether it’s WhatsApp or Instagram or whatever properties they buy in the future, that’s a place where eyeballs go to hang out for a while. Google is more utilitarian in nature, right? You need some information, you find it on Google, and you go to your next place. Facebook is catching up very quickly. They’ve expressed some concerns that perhaps the last decade was the Google decade, and perhaps this next decade is the Facebook decade. If that is the case, and the numbers certainly point toward that, the argument could at least be made there, Google has got to figure out something yesterday as to how to address this and fix it, because blaming it on the technology is not going to fly. Muckerman: I’m pretty confident that they’re going to figure out a way to fix it. Especially when you’re talking about Facebook, they had the whole issue around the election with fake news on their site. And you had a group of college kids come out and make an algorithm that was able to identify fake news on the site, and they’ve been able — not using their algorithm, but, Facebook has been able to address that. I’m confident that Google will. You talk about big headlines about this, but I’m waiting for the headline to come out that says, right now, people think that less than 1% of Google’s revenue is at risk because of this. It’s a $90 billion revenue company, I’ve seen headlines that say $750 million might come off of YouTube’s revenue in 2017 because of this. Bigger fraction of YouTube’s revenue, but you’re not just an investor in YouTube when you buy a stock in Alphabet. So, I’m still confident that they’ll figure it out. And between the two of them, Facebook and Google, they’re pretty much the only two that are growing in the digital ad space. So, I find it hard to believe that advertisers are going to completely move away from Google. Right now, Facebook is really the only alternative, and that space would become far too crowded too quickly if there was a mass exodus from Google. I’m fairly confident that, because you said 20% of their revenue comes from that search advertising, they’re going to figure this out. Hill: It is a small amount of money, and yet, when you look at the headline of Pepsi , Starbucks , General Motors , Wal-Mart  have pulled some of their ad spend with YouTube. Those are big-name companies. I think, if you’re Facebook, you’re not throwing a parade over this, but I think if you’re selling video advertising for Facebook, you’re on the phone to different media agencies, and I also think television networks. If you’re a broadcast network or cable network, to use your phrase, Jason, you’re putting the human touch to work, and you’re calling these companies and saying, „Listen, don’t take a risk with the programmatic algorithm approach to YouTube. You know what you’re going to get with our networks, and you’re going to get something that associates well with your brand.” Muckerman: With some of those companies you mentioned, those are companies that can afford to pull back for a week or two on advertising and make a statement. That’s almost advertising in itself. They’re still advertising using Google’s name, just not using Google’s platform. So, I think they’ll come back eventually. Probably not too far down the line. Those brands are brands already. You’re probably looking at the smaller players, questioning whether or not they can afford to back off of Google’s platform a little bit more than Coke or Pepsi. Moser: Yeah, and I think it’s also worth noting, for the longest time, YouTube has been synonymous with online video. That’s what got this ball rolling. And they’ve enjoyed such a phenomenal competitive position for so long. What an acquisition Google made for … what did they buy it for? Hill: $1.6 billion. Muckerman: Pennies on the current dollar. Hill: And the reason I remember it was $1.6 billion is because I was one of the people saying, „Boy, they sure did pay a lot of money for that.” Moser: So, I think you fast forward today and you see how this competitive environment has changed, Google and YouTube are not the only players in the online video space. And you see all sorts of companies, from Facebook and Twitter  to Verizon  and AT&T  developing their online video offerings. To your point, I think it’s very easy to see these customers pulling back for a week, a month, and saying, „Hey, let’s reasses what’s going on here.” Google and YouTube are too big to say, „We don’t want to be a part of your environment.” That’s just foregoing a tremendous reach that anybody in their right mind would want to be a part of. But, what it could do is, it could result in some pricing competition. It can certainly make Google have to get in there and compete a bit more on pricing, lose a bit, perhaps, of that pricing power, particularly as we ship to mobile, and we know those mobile advertisements are not nearly as lucrative as the desktops were, from a real estate perspective. But, these are smart people running a very, very big company. The solution to this really is as simple as, listen to your customers and give them what they want. So, from that perspective, I don’t see any reason why they can’t fix it. I guess it’s going to be interesting to see how they fix it, and how quickly they go about fixing it, because they don’t enjoy that same competitive position that they enjoyed, perhaps, five years ago. Hill: Our email address is marketfoolery@fool.com . From Matt Saunders in Nestleton, Ontario. „I was hoping you could explain the effects of currency exchange on stock purchases. I’m in Canada and our dollar is quite low compared to the U.S. dollar. However, it wasn’t too many years ago, we peaked a little higher than the U.S. dollar. My concern is that if I buy a U.S. company at this point and the dollar rises again, will that work against the value of the U.S. company that I purchased? Or does buying on the TSX compensate for that somehow? Thanks for all your help with this. P.S. please tell Steve Broido, we just made a trip to Orlando and had a great visit to an Olive Garden there. Definitely a fan.” Steve will appreciate that, I’m sure. Muckerman: Yeah. Thanks for listening all the way from Ontario. This was a question that we receive quite often in Stock Advisor Canada , Pro Canada , and now Dividend Investor Canada . We put a special report about this a couple years back. Over those couple years, not much has changed. Remain to see the Canadian dollar still trading below the U.S. dollar. I think right now, it’s around $0.75 to the U.S. dollar. As you did mention earlier in the 2000s, the Canadian dollar did peak around $1.20 to the U.S. dollar. That ramp-up really did cramp Canadian investors’ returns when you look at it, from investing in the U.S. dollar. When the Canadian dollar does appreciate, you lose a little bit there when you sell back into the Canadian market. So, what we generally tell our members to do is, A) we absolutely recommend investing in the U.S. market, because when you look at the Canadian market, about two-thirds of it relies on the energy, financials, and the materials sector, two very volatile sectors, in the energy and materials sector and then financials, really, the bulk of that is driven by the big banks, TD , Scotia , CIBC , BMO , and RBC . They’re very highly concentrated if you don’t move outside of the Canadian market. When you look at the largest sector in the U.S., IT, I think that’s around almost 22% of the S&P, it’s 2.7% of the S&P TSX. So, you’re missing out on a lot of potential growth there. And less than 1% of the S&P TSX is healthcare. If you think about that, you’re missing out on some huge potential growth there. It was a little higher, but Valeant  obviously reduced the share of that overall market when that fell precipitously over the last couple years. But, the long-term average of the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar is right around $0.85. There’s about 13% upside from where it is right now until it reaches the long-term average, I think we have information going back to 1971 on our site. That’s over 30 to 40 years of data with the long-term average of $0.85 to the U.S. dollar. So, you’re not far away from that. Compared to that $1.20 you saw in the early 2000s, we view that as a one-off event, especially with oil where it is these days, and the likelihood that remains subdued as compared to when it was over $100, which, coincidentally, timed very well with when it was peaking with the U.S. dollar there. So, we advocate people considering the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar exchange rate, but we don’t say, „Just invest Canadian only.” Put some dollars into a separate account, leave them there for the long-term so you don’t have to pay the cost to exchange back and forth, because banks do charge for that. And you don’t get charged if the company pays you a U.S. dollar dividend and you leave it in U.S. dollars. You don’t get charged every time they deposit the dividend to your account. You only get charged if you put it back into CAD. So, if you’re a long-term investor, we just say, create two accounts, one with Canadian dollars and one with U.S. dollars, and let it ride, because if you don’t, you’re going to miss out on tons of opportunity. TSX and TSX Venture stocks make up about 20% of the — Hill: Toronto Stock Exchange. Muckerman: Yep. They make up about 20% of the total stocks available to you in U.S. markets. So, not only are you missing out on diversification, but you’re missing out on opportunity, in terms of breadth of choices. So, don’t let the currency fluctuations scare you away from it. That’s our opinion. Hill: You’ve been to the Toronto Stock Exchange, haven’t you? Muckerman: Yeah, it’s pretty cool. We went there a few years ago, poked around when we were first launching Stock Advisor Canada in 2013. Been up there a couple times since, but to not the same fanfare that we went up there a few years back. Hill: Definitely a lot of fun. Fitting that I’m sitting with too proud sons of the Carolinas because, for any sports fans out there, the final four is set. We have Gonzaga, we have the University of North Carolina, we have Oregon, and we have, surprisingly, the University of South Carolina. And the potential for an all-Carolina final. Moser: Amazing. If you think about it this way, you had Clemson just win the National Championship in college football. There is still the potential, certainly, for the Gamecocks to go in there and win this thing in basketball. Which, I mean, there’s no way that’s ever been achieved before. Muckerman: They have to win this, because the likelihood of a potential rematch with North Carolina in the final, highly unlikely. Although, this could boost recruiting. Moser: About half of my graduating class in high school went to USC. The other half — Hill: The other USC. Most people hear USC and they think University of Southern California. Moser: The East Coast, South Carolina. The other half went the Clemson. And I was the one lone straggler that went the opposite direction and went to a 15-person liberal arts college. Go, Wofford Terriers. Hill: Wait, isn’t Wofford in North Carolina? Moser: Wofford is in South Carolina. You have Davidson that’s in North Carolina. Muckerman: Steph Curry. Moser: But, wow, the finish to that game yesterday was … Muckerman: The Carolina game? Yeah, my gosh. Moser: Yeah, it was unbelievable. I have to believe that right now, the Carolinas are figuring out a way to, perhaps, join together, erase that border. Hill: There was a story I read this morning — and, obviously, there’s so many millions of dollars involved in the NCAA basketball tournament. But one of the stories I read this morning was about the business impact in North and South Carolina. And, not surprisingly, bars and restaurants doing huge business over the weekend, and presumably will do it again next weekend. Moser: That’d be like one of those things in an earnings report where, that’s one of those one-time events. So, when you’re saying, „Well, we don’t expect this next March, but we had a very robust beginning of 2017, thanks to … „ Hill: You’re saying Jason’s Barbecue and Sports Bar, in South Carolina, when it’s reporting earnings in the spring of 2018, it’s like, „Look, tough comp. Last year, we had the final four. We had Clemson in the football championship.” Muckerman: Seriously. Clemson. USC has to catch up. Maybe think about extending Tobacco Road a little for their South. Hill: I don’t know how big the concentration of Buffalo Wild Wings is in the Carolinas but I do remember — Muckerman: There’s quite a few. Hill: — two years ago, when Tom Brady was first suspended by the NFL, and he was going to miss four games, and this was going into the fall of 2015, I do remember that on a conference call, there was an analyst who asked CEO Sally Smith, this analysts had the numbers and basically said, „Here’s how many Buffalo Wild Wings locations are in New England. Tom Brady is going to miss,” and he ended up appealing and not missing, but he missed the first four of this most recent season, but — and I give credit to this analyst, he did his homework. It’s just like, „Look, you have a bunch of Buffalo Wild Wings locations in New England. The star quarterback of the home team is going to miss the first four games. Are you factoring that?” Legit question. Moser: I guess my question here is, Oregon is with Under Armour , too. Hill: Wait a minute, Oregon? No, that’s a Nike — Moser: Is Oregon Nike? OK. I was just thinking, I saw something, I was looking at this headline, Oregon Signs Record-Breaking Apparel Deal With Under Armour , and — Hill: Are you sure it’s not Oregon State? Moser: No, it says Oregon. Hill: Because University of Oregon is Phil Knight’s alma mater. Muckerman: Their football field is Nike sole turf. Moser: I’m aware! Let’s go in and confirm this, but this is back from 2014, but Oregon signs record-breaking apparel deal with Under Armour. The deal was announced just hours after Phil Knight announced he would no longer allow Nike to be associated with Oregon, citing his frustration with a lack of national championships. Muckerman: This isn’t The Onion ? Moser: No, this is SB Nation. [laughs] I guess Phil Knight got sick of a bunch of losers! And he decided to bag it. If that’s the case, how interesting that you would then have two representatives of Under Armour and two of Nike. Muckerman: So, Gonzaga and Carolina obviously — Moser: Carolina is Nike, and I think Gonzaga is too. Oregon is the one I was questioning, because South Carolina is definitely Under Armour, and I think Oregon is, too. Muckerman: Michael Jordan hasn’t eschewed Carolina just yet, I guess. Moser: That’s pretty cool. Hill: Yes. And the University of Oregon women’s team is in the regional final that’s being played tonight. They’re playing UConn. Muckerman: I’m so sorry for them. Moser: Right, I was going to say, why don’t they just hand them the trophy? It’s Connecticut, can they really … Hill: You know what? That’s what amazing Cinderella stories are made out of. Moser: At some point, everybody thought Kentucky was going to win, but Wisconsin, was it Wisconsin? Hill: Yeah, back in the day, a couple years ago. Look, if Goliath was undefeated, where’s the fun in that? We need David to knock off Goliath every once in awhile. So who knows? The lady Ducks might get it done against UConn. Muckerman: Lady Ducks and the Gamecocks. Hill: That’s your lead story, by the way, if the UConn women don’t end up winning the national championship. All right, Jason Moser, Taylor Muckerman thanks for being here, guys. Muckerman: Cheers! Moser: Thank you! Hill: As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have recommendations for or against, so don’t buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That’s going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery . The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I’m Chris Hill. Thanks for listening, we’ll see you tomorrow! Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Chris Hill owns shares of Amazon, Coca-Cola, Starbucks, and Under Armour (C Shares). Jason Moser owns shares of Nike, Starbucks, Twitter, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Starbucks, Twitter, and Under Armour (C Shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Buffalo Wild Wings, Facebook, Nike, PepsiCo, Starbucks, Twitter, Under Armour (A Shares), Under Armour (C Shares), Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAmerican Football, Arts, attention, Basketball, Business, College Basketball, College Football, Companies, company, Environment, general, Headlines, High School Sports, Home and Garden, Internet, leave, lose, major, Markets, Nation, Space, Sports, star, Uncategorized, win Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Top Research Reports for Alphabet, 3M and P&amp;G Next PostNext The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Why Alphabet Inc Needs to Act Fast to Reassure Advertisers Some of the biggest household names are threatening to pull their ad spend from YouTube if the company fails to address the problem of objectionable content. Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Mar 29, 2017 at 10:58PM In this podcast, the Market Foolery team turns its attention to the latest controversy at YouTube as major advertisers have complained about their ads appearing next to objectionable videos. As the online advertising race between Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) intensifies, the internet giant has no choice but to address the issue quickly. To wrap up the show, the team also answers a listener question for Canadian investors before discussing the state of March Madness. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on March 27, 2017. Chris Hill: It's Monday, March 27th. Welcome to Market Foolery. I'm Chris Hill. Joining me in studio today, from Million Dollar Portfolio, Jason Moser; and from Stock Advisor Canada, Taylor Muckerman. Happy Monday! Jason Moser: Hey, now! Taylor Muckerman: We're doing it! Hill: We are doing it. Welcome back! You've been busy. Muckerman: Yeah, a couple weeks. You were at South by Southwest. We've been overlapping each other. Hill: There we go. It's good to have you back in the studio. Muckerman: It's good to be back. Hill: We're going to dip into the Fool mailbag. We have to start with a story that's been brewing for a little while. I'll be honest. This is a story, I saw a headline on this a week or two ago, and it registered like, huh, that's interesting, and it continues to balloon. This is the fact that a week ago, Google formally apologized for running customer's ads alongside objectionable videos. We've talked before about YouTube and how important it is in the world of search, and how it's one of the most popular places to search. And you see these stories about, if YouTube was a stand-alone company, it'd be worth somewhere in the neighborhood of $75 billion. Google makes this apology a week ago, and here we are a week later, and I guess, among other things, Jason, probably a reminder that YouTube is a really big place with lots of videos, and therefore it's hard even for the owners to monitor it. The Wall Street Journal had this big story about how Coca-Cola, Microsoft, Amazon, Procter & Gamble, these mainstream brands, are still seeing their ads alongside videos with racist content, anti-Semitic, all of this stuff where the advertisers, rightfully so, say, "I don't want my ads next to that." Moser: Yeah. We're going to hit a point here, sooner or later, it's going to be like you do with your kids, they can say sorry only so many times before you're like, "I get that you're sorry. Just don't do it again. I'm not looking for sorry anymore." So, I think with Google and YouTube, this is obviously something that's a big deal. It's not something that immediately impacts their bottom line. When we talk about the bread and butter for Google's money-making machine, it's search advertising. But, there's a good percentage, close to 20% of that money, comes through advertising with third-party customers. So, when ads go next to objectionable content, of course, those parties are going to express concern, they want to know what's going on, why is this happening, and what are you going to do to make it stop? Because there is no middle ground here. It's just, flat-out, "This is unacceptable, don't let it happen anymore." This is sort of one of those things with this age of automation, as we go more toward automating everything, particularly on the consumer-facing side, I think it's really difficult to ever fall back on the old, "Well, the algorithm did it, it wasn't our fault." Because, ultimately, someone built the algorithm.  I think what Google needs to figure out here is, what is happening to make this happen, and how do they fix it? And whether it is through technology, whether it's through humanizing it a little bit more, and actually bringing on more people to add a human touch to these customer relationships, they need to do something with this before this gets out of hand. We've talked about this a lot, especially in MDP, we own shares of Alphabet, and we own shares of Facebook: We own a far larger position in Facebook, and part of the reason for that is, when you look at the direction things are headed in social, and in internet behavior, there's no question that Facebook is becoming a place, not just Facebook, but its properties, whether it's WhatsApp or Instagram or whatever properties they buy in the future, that's a place where eyeballs go to hang out for a while. Google is more utilitarian in nature, right? You need some information, you find it on Google, and you go to your next place. Facebook is catching up very quickly. They've expressed some concerns that perhaps the last decade was the Google decade, and perhaps this next decade is the Facebook decade. If that is the case, and the numbers certainly point toward that, the argument could at least be made there, Google has got to figure out something yesterday as to how to address this and fix it, because blaming it on the technology is not going to fly. Muckerman: I'm pretty confident that they're going to figure out a way to fix it. Especially when you're talking about Facebook, they had the whole issue around the election with fake news on their site. And you had a group of college kids come out and make an algorithm that was able to identify fake news on the site, and they've been able -- not using their algorithm, but, Facebook has been able to address that. I'm confident that Google will. You talk about big headlines about this, but I'm waiting for the headline to come out that says, right now, people think that less than 1% of Google's revenue is at risk because of this. It's a $90 billion revenue company, I've seen headlines that say $750 million might come off of YouTube's revenue in 2017 because of this. Bigger fraction of YouTube's revenue, but you're not just an investor in YouTube when you buy a stock in Alphabet. So, I'm still confident that they'll figure it out. And between the two of them, Facebook and Google, they're pretty much the only two that are growing in the digital ad space. So, I find it hard to believe that advertisers are going to completely move away from Google. Right now, Facebook is really the only alternative, and that space would become far too crowded too quickly if there was a mass exodus from Google. I'm fairly confident that, because you said 20% of their revenue comes from that search advertising, they're going to figure this out. Hill: It is a small amount of money, and yet, when you look at the headline of Pepsi, Starbucks, General Motors, Wal-Mart have pulled some of their ad spend with YouTube. Those are big-name companies. I think, if you're Facebook, you're not throwing a parade over this, but I think if you're selling video advertising for Facebook, you're on the phone to different media agencies, and I also think television networks. If you're a broadcast network or cable network, to use your phrase, Jason, you're putting the human touch to work, and you're calling these companies and saying, "Listen, don't take a risk with the programmatic algorithm approach to YouTube. You know what you're going to get with our networks, and you're going to get something that associates well with your brand." Muckerman: With some of those companies you mentioned, those are companies that can afford to pull back for a week or two on advertising and make a statement. That's almost advertising in itself. They're still advertising using Google's name, just not using Google's platform. So, I think they'll come back eventually. Probably not too far down the line. Those brands are brands already. You're probably looking at the smaller players, questioning whether or not they can afford to back off of Google's platform a little bit more than Coke or Pepsi. Moser: Yeah, and I think it's also worth noting, for the longest time, YouTube has been synonymous with online video. That's what got this ball rolling. And they've enjoyed such a phenomenal competitive position for so long. What an acquisition Google made for ... what did they buy it for? Hill: $1.6 billion. Muckerman: Pennies on the current dollar. Hill: And the reason I remember it was $1.6 billion is because I was one of the people saying, "Boy, they sure did pay a lot of money for that." Moser: So, I think you fast forward today and you see how this competitive environment has changed, Google and YouTube are not the only players in the online video space. And you see all sorts of companies, from Facebook and Twitter to Verizon and AT&T developing their online video offerings. To your point, I think it's very easy to see these customers pulling back for a week, a month, and saying, "Hey, let's reasses what's going on here." Google and YouTube are too big to say, "We don't want to be a part of your environment." That's just foregoing a tremendous reach that anybody in their right mind would want to be a part of. But, what it could do is, it could result in some pricing competition. It can certainly make Google have to get in there and compete a bit more on pricing, lose a bit, perhaps, of that pricing power, particularly as we ship to mobile, and we know those mobile advertisements are not nearly as lucrative as the desktops were, from a real estate perspective. But, these are smart people running a very, very big company. The solution to this really is as simple as, listen to your customers and give them what they want. So, from that perspective, I don't see any reason why they can't fix it. I guess it's going to be interesting to see how they fix it, and how quickly they go about fixing it, because they don't enjoy that same competitive position that they enjoyed, perhaps, five years ago. Hill: Our email address is marketfoolery@fool.com. From Matt Saunders in Nestleton, Ontario. "I was hoping you could explain the effects of currency exchange on stock purchases. I'm in Canada and our dollar is quite low compared to the U.S. dollar. However, it wasn't too many years ago, we peaked a little higher than the U.S. dollar. My concern is that if I buy a U.S. company at this point and the dollar rises again, will that work against the value of the U.S. company that I purchased? Or does buying on the TSX compensate for that somehow? Thanks for all your help with this. P.S. please tell Steve Broido, we just made a trip to Orlando and had a great visit to an Olive Garden there. Definitely a fan." Steve will appreciate that, I'm sure. Muckerman: Yeah. Thanks for listening all the way from Ontario. This was a question that we receive quite often in Stock Advisor Canada, Pro Canada, and now Dividend Investor Canada. We put a special report about this a couple years back. Over those couple years, not much has changed. Remain to see the Canadian dollar still trading below the U.S. dollar. I think right now, it's around $0.75 to the U.S. dollar. As you did mention earlier in the 2000s, the Canadian dollar did peak around $1.20 to the U.S. dollar. That ramp-up really did cramp Canadian investors' returns when you look at it, from investing in the U.S. dollar. When the Canadian dollar does appreciate, you lose a little bit there when you sell back into the Canadian market. So, what we generally tell our members to do is, A) we absolutely recommend investing in the U.S. market, because when you look at the Canadian market, about two-thirds of it relies on the energy, financials, and the materials sector, two very volatile sectors, in the energy and materials sector and then financials, really, the bulk of that is driven by the big banks, TD, Scotia, CIBC, BMO, and RBC. They're very highly concentrated if you don't move outside of the Canadian market. When you look at the largest sector in the U.S., IT, I think that's around almost 22% of the S&P, it's 2.7% of the S&P TSX. So, you're missing out on a lot of potential growth there. And less than 1% of the S&P TSX is healthcare. If you think about that, you're missing out on some huge potential growth there. It was a little higher, but Valeant obviously reduced the share of that overall market when that fell precipitously over the last couple years.  But, the long-term average of the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar is right around $0.85. There's about 13% upside from where it is right now until it reaches the long-term average, I think we have information going back to 1971 on our site. That's over 30 to 40 years of data with the long-term average of $0.85 to the U.S. dollar. So, you're not far away from that. Compared to that $1.20 you saw in the early 2000s, we view that as a one-off event, especially with oil where it is these days, and the likelihood that remains subdued as compared to when it was over $100, which, coincidentally, timed very well with when it was peaking with the U.S. dollar there. So, we advocate people considering the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar exchange rate, but we don't say, "Just invest Canadian only." Put some dollars into a separate account, leave them there for the long-term so you don't have to pay the cost to exchange back and forth, because banks do charge for that. And you don't get charged if the company pays you a U.S. dollar dividend and you leave it in U.S. dollars. You don't get charged every time they deposit the dividend to your account. You only get charged if you put it back into CAD. So, if you're a long-term investor, we just say, create two accounts, one with Canadian dollars and one with U.S. dollars, and let it ride, because if you don't, you're going to miss out on tons of opportunity. TSX and TSX Venture stocks make up about 20% of the -- Hill: Toronto Stock Exchange. Muckerman: Yep. They make up about 20% of the total stocks available to you in U.S. markets. So, not only are you missing out on diversification, but you're missing out on opportunity, in terms of breadth of choices. So, don't let the currency fluctuations scare you away from it. That's our opinion. Hill: You've been to the Toronto Stock Exchange, haven't you? Muckerman: Yeah, it's pretty cool. We went there a few years ago, poked around when we were first launching Stock Advisor Canada in 2013. Been up there a couple times since, but to not the same fanfare that we went up there a few years back. Hill: Definitely a lot of fun. Fitting that I'm sitting with too proud sons of the Carolinas because, for any sports fans out there, the final four is set. We have Gonzaga, we have the University of North Carolina, we have Oregon, and we have, surprisingly, the University of South Carolina. And the potential for an all-Carolina final. Moser: Amazing. If you think about it this way, you had Clemson just win the National Championship in college football. There is still the potential, certainly, for the Gamecocks to go in there and win this thing in basketball. Which, I mean, there's no way that's ever been achieved before. Muckerman: They have to win this, because the likelihood of a potential rematch with North Carolina in the final, highly unlikely. Although, this could boost recruiting. Moser: About half of my graduating class in high school went to USC. The other half -- Hill: The other USC. Most people hear USC and they think University of Southern California. Moser: The East Coast, South Carolina. The other half went the Clemson. And I was the one lone straggler that went the opposite direction and went to a 15-person liberal arts college. Go, Wofford Terriers. Hill: Wait, isn't Wofford in North Carolina? Moser: Wofford is in South Carolina. You have Davidson that's in North Carolina. Muckerman: Steph Curry. Moser: But, wow, the finish to that game yesterday was ... Muckerman: The Carolina game? Yeah, my gosh. Moser: Yeah, it was unbelievable. I have to believe that right now, the Carolinas are figuring out a way to, perhaps, join together, erase that border. Hill: There was a story I read this morning -- and, obviously, there's so many millions of dollars involved in the NCAA basketball tournament. But one of the stories I read this morning was about the business impact in North and South Carolina. And, not surprisingly, bars and restaurants doing huge business over the weekend, and presumably will do it again next weekend. Moser: That'd be like one of those things in an earnings report where, that's one of those one-time events. So, when you're saying, "Well, we don't expect this next March, but we had a very robust beginning of 2017, thanks to ... " Hill: You're saying Jason's Barbecue and Sports Bar, in South Carolina, when it's reporting earnings in the spring of 2018, it's like, "Look, tough comp. Last year, we had the final four. We had Clemson in the football championship." Muckerman: Seriously. Clemson. USC has to catch up. Maybe think about extending Tobacco Road a little for their South. Hill: I don't know how big the concentration of Buffalo Wild Wings is in the Carolinas but I do remember -- Muckerman: There's quite a few. Hill: -- two years ago, when Tom Brady was first suspended by the NFL, and he was going to miss four games, and this was going into the fall of 2015, I do remember that on a conference call, there was an analyst who asked CEO Sally Smith, this analysts had the numbers and basically said, "Here's how many Buffalo Wild Wings locations are in New England. Tom Brady is going to miss," and he ended up appealing and not missing, but he missed the first four of this most recent season, but -- and I give credit to this analyst, he did his homework. It's just like, "Look, you have a bunch of Buffalo Wild Wings locations in New England. The star quarterback of the home team is going to miss the first four games. Are you factoring that?" Legit question. Moser: I guess my question here is, Oregon is with Under Armour, too. Hill: Wait a minute, Oregon? No, that's a Nike -- Moser: Is Oregon Nike? OK. I was just thinking, I saw something, I was looking at this headline, Oregon Signs Record-Breaking Apparel Deal With Under Armour, and -- Hill: Are you sure it's not Oregon State? Moser: No, it says Oregon. Hill: Because University of Oregon is Phil Knight's alma mater. Muckerman: Their football field is Nike sole turf. Moser: I'm aware! Let's go in and confirm this, but this is back from 2014, but Oregon signs record-breaking apparel deal with Under Armour. The deal was announced just hours after Phil Knight announced he would no longer allow Nike to be associated with Oregon, citing his frustration with a lack of national championships. Muckerman: This isn't The Onion? Moser: No, this is SB Nation. [laughs] I guess Phil Knight got sick of a bunch of losers! And he decided to bag it. If that's the case, how interesting that you would then have two representatives of Under Armour and two of Nike. Muckerman: So, Gonzaga and Carolina obviously -- Moser: Carolina is Nike, and I think Gonzaga is too. Oregon is the one I was questioning, because South Carolina is definitely Under Armour, and I think Oregon is, too. Muckerman: Michael Jordan hasn't eschewed Carolina just yet, I guess. Moser: That's pretty cool. Hill: Yes. And the University of Oregon women's team is in the regional final that's being played tonight. They're playing UConn. Muckerman: I'm so sorry for them. Moser: Right, I was going to say, why don't they just hand them the trophy? It's Connecticut, can they really ... Hill: You know what? That's what amazing Cinderella stories are made out of. Moser: At some point, everybody thought Kentucky was going to win, but Wisconsin, was it Wisconsin? Hill: Yeah, back in the day, a couple years ago. Look, if Goliath was undefeated, where's the fun in that? We need David to knock off Goliath every once in awhile. So who knows? The lady Ducks might get it done against UConn. Muckerman: Lady Ducks and the Gamecocks.  Hill: That's your lead story, by the way, if the UConn women don't end up winning the national championship. All right, Jason Moser, Taylor Muckerman thanks for being here, guys. Muckerman: Cheers! Moser: Thank you! Hill: As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That's going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery. The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Chris Hill. Thanks for listening, we'll see you tomorrow! Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Chris Hill owns shares of Amazon, Coca-Cola, Starbucks, and Under Armour (C Shares). Jason Moser owns shares of Nike, Starbucks, Twitter, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Starbucks, Twitter, and Under Armour (C Shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Buffalo Wild Wings, Facebook, Nike, PepsiCo, Starbucks, Twitter, Under Armour (A Shares), Under Armour (C Shares), Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Full-time host of the Motley Fool Money radio show, MarketFoolery podcast, and other things. Part-time connoisseur of movies, basketball & fine bourbon. Article Info Mar 29, 2017 at 10:58PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $849.48 down $0.39 (-0.05%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $142.41 down $0.24 (-0.17%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $831.50 up $0.09 (0.01%) Read More How IBM Is Getting In on the Cloud in China The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Computers Better Buy: Verizon Communications Inc. vs. AT&T The 3 Best Firewall Companies to Buy in 2017 Who Will Win This $119 Billion E-Commerce War? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Alphabet Inc Needs to Act Fast to Reassure Advertisers @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $FB, $GOOG
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology ces Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Budget 2017 Year Enders Our events MAM Vicks launches #TouchOfCare campaign 31 Mar, 2017 - 09:40 AM IST     |     By indiantelevision.com Team     MUMBAI: Vicks, a brand synonymous with care globally, has launched a heartwarming new campaign ‘Touch of Care’. It reasserts the importance of care while challenging and seeking to redefine what family is in contemporary society. The campaign leads with the idea that ‘Family is where Care is’ portraying the real life story of an orphan and her newfound ‘mother’. Created by Publicis Singapore, the story is told in the first person by the orphaned girl Gayatri herself. The film beautifully captures how Gauri cared for Gayatri as her own, against all odds, with deep compassion and love. The story reflects the challenges that Gauri faces from the rest of society, as a transgender woman. The Vicks Brand has stood for Family Care in India for over 50 years. However, family today is not always as tightly defined as it once was. With the changing face of life across India and an increasing number of people living away from their traditional environments –the idea of family now goes far beyond just biological connections or sharing a surname. Vicks has therefore adopted this bold and progressive stance- that above all else, it is care that is the ultimate definition of what a family is. According to P&G CEO Nitin Darbari: “Vicks has always been about the gentle touch of a mother’s care, as she caresses and gives relief to her child. With the #TouchOfCare campaign we are going a step further and expounding the importance of care beyond just the traditional perception of family. The campaign shows how people who, though not connected by blood, end up being family through care itself”. Publicis Singapore CCO - global clients Ajay Thrivikraman commented “Looking for a way to express this powerful idea was both a heartening and humbling experience, once we realized that stories of extraordinary care are all around us in real life, and we are honoured that Gauri and Gayatri gave us an opportunity to share their story of care with the world.” Publicis Communications APAC chief strategy officer Ed Booty said: “Great brands don’t just reflect safe and accepted norms, instead they dare to set agendas in culture at large. That is our ambition with this work for Vicks – to give the timeless idea of Family Care a fresh and contemporary meaning.” Film director Neeraj Ghaywan said: “It was an immensely gratifying and inspiring experience to put together Gauri and Gayatri's story. #TouchOfCare questions our conventional understanding of a mother and what constitutes a family." tags VicksP&GNitin DarbariPublicis SingaporeAjay ThrivikramanAPACNeeraj Ghaywan Trending Govt wakes up to broadcast tech changes, Prasar manpower audit under way Film piracy: Govt has no 'losses' figure, industry estimates Rs 180 bn a yr Offline content delivery: Intertrust acquires Bangalore-based Kiora Media assets MIPTV: Beta Film opens curtains for 'Babylon Berlin', '1993' & 'Professor T' Integrated video platform: Ooyala to showcase solutions at NAB   Latest Reads CogMat to socially TomTom wearables MUMBAI: Leading fitness wearable brand TomTom Sports has signed on digital agency CogMat to undertake their social media duties in India. CogMat, a digital media agency based in Mumbai, Dubai and Hong Kong, has been working with TomTom since October 2016, handling the brand’s digital ads portfolio... MAM Media and Advertising Account 31 Mar, 2017 Ms.Taken’s 'Happy Whatever' creates a storm MUMBAI: Every year, as March 8 approaches, the world goes into overdrive with women centric messages, celebrate women, pamper women, offers for women and yes some do remember to empower women. MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 31 Mar, 2017 Biggest television advertisers in week 12 of 2017 BENGALURU: The top 10 advertisers in week 12 of 2017 (Saturday, 18 March 2017 to Friday, 24 March 2017) were almost the same as those in the previous week (Week 11) as per Broadcast Audience Research Council of India (BARC) data for TOP 10 Advertiser *Across Genre : All India (U+R) : 2+... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 31 Mar, 2017 Brand safety on YouTube: GroupM partners OpenSlate MUMBAI: GroupM, the media investment management unit of WPP, announced it is partnering with OpenSlate to enhance brand safety on YouTube media buys. OpenSlate is a social video analytics company that maintains data about all ad-supported content on YouTube. Their data platform scores YouTube... MAM Marketing MAM 31 Mar, 2017 Toolway selects Birlasoft for SAP implementation MUMBAI: Birlasoft (India) Limited has announced its selection as a strategic partner to Toolway Industries Ltd., a Toronto, Canada based company to implement SAP S4 HANA 1610 along with SAP Hybris B2B for modernizing its ERP systems. Birlasoft will offer end-to-end implementation services of SAP S... MAM Marketing Brands 30 Mar, 2017 Canara HSBC OBC & WWF raise 'Earth Hour' awareness MUMBAI: WWF-India, in association with Canara HSBC Oriental Bank of Commerce Life Insurance hosted Pedal for the Planet 2017, a Cyclothon and Walkathon to celebrate the world’s largest grassroots environmental campaign – Earth Hour 2017. MAM Marketing Brands 30 Mar, 2017 Dentsu Aegis buys Lankan Grant Group, closure this week MUMBAI: Dentsu Aegis Network today announces that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Grant Group, the largest independent creative agency and the pioneer of advertising in Sri Lanka. The acquisition of the 59-year-old integrated agency is Dentsu Aegis Network’s first foray into the... MAM Marketing MAM 30 Mar, 2017 Lin's 'sabziwala' reintroduces Rohan's 'price protection' In the current Indian scenario, the combined effect of demonetisation, crackdown on un-taxed incomes, and a series of Bills passed by the government to make real estate more regulated, the consumer is anxiously holding their breath for real estate prices to fall in urban India. It’s made the real... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 29 Mar, 2017 ShopClues unveils express payout for merchants MUMBAI: ShopClues, one of India’s first and largest managed marketplaces, has always been at the forefront of innovation for its merchants and has, in the past, launched an array of services to help enhance its merchants’ business online. Building on its merchant-focused portfolio, the platform has... MAM Marketing Brands 29 Mar, 2017 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next Media houses warned against publicising exit polls MUMBAI: The Election Commission, noting violation by media houses of its fiat, has recommended them to keep away from publicising exit polls till a particular period during assembly elections in five states. EC asked the media not to air or publish such programmes in future so as to ensure fair polls. Television TV Channels News Broadcasting 31 Mar, 2017 CogMat to socially TomTom wearables MAM Media and Advertising Account 31 Mar, 2017 News genre ratings drop, Aaj Tak, Times Now & CNBC business lead Television TV Channels Viewership 31 Mar, 2017 Spielberg-Reliance's global hit 'A Dog's Purpose' comes to India Movies International 31 Mar, 2017 DAS: Andhra seeks extension even as MIB warns Cable TV DAS 31 Mar, 2017 Editor's Choice Media houses warned against publicising exit polls News Broadcasting 31 Mar, 2017 CogMat to socially TomTom wearables Account 31 Mar, 2017 News genre ratings drop, Aaj Tak, Times Now & CNBC business lead Viewership 31 Mar, 2017 Spielberg-Reliance's global hit 'A Dog's Purpose' comes to India International 31 Mar, 2017 DAS: Andhra seeks extension even as MIB warns DAS 31 Mar, 2017 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials Our events About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2017 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Wall St, greenback gain 10:55 March 31, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk March 31 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street and the US dollar advanced, while Treasuries declined, after a report showed stronger economic growth than previously estimated.Friday 31 March 2017 07:30 AM While you were sleeping: Wall St, greenback gain By Margreet Dietz March 31 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street and the US dollar advanced, while Treasuries declined, after a report showed stronger economic growth than previously estimated. A Commerce Department report showed gross domestic product rose at a 2.1 percent annualised rate in the fourth quarter, up from the previously reported 1.9 percent pace. Separately, a Labour Department reported showed initial claims for state unemployment benefits declined 3,000 to a seasonally adjusted 258,000 for the week ended March 25. The reports came a day after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said the “base-case” is for four interest rate increases this year, while San Francisco’s John Williams said he “would not rule out more than three increases total for this year.” The Fed raised its key rate earlier this month and signalled a total of three hikes in 2017. “Consumer spending will lead growth thanks to higher incomes from more jobs and rising wages,” Gus Faucher, deputy chief economist at PNC Financial in Pittsburgh, told Reuters. In 1.42pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.34 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index increased 0.26 percent. In 1.28pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index rose 0.27 percent. The Dow moved higher as advances in shares of Goldman Sachs and those of UnitedHealth Group, up 1.2 percent each recently, outweighed declines in shares of Nike and those of Procter & Gamble, down 1.3 percent and 0.4 percent respectively. Bucking the overall trend, shares of Lululemon Athletica sank, trading 23.3 percent weaker as of 1.53pm in New York, after the Canadian yogawear retailer predicted a decline in first-quarter comparable sales and forecast full-year earnings that fell short of analysts’ expectations. “We see a larger issue brewing,” Camilo Lyon, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity who recommends selling the stock, said in a report Thursday, Bloomberg reported. “Pricing, competition and/or fashion alternatives were a strong enough force to drive the consumer away, and thus will make it that much more difficult to recapture her.” Oil rose, climbing for a third straight day, amid bets major oil producers will agree to extend a deal to curb output. Kuwait oil minister Essam al-Marzouq said his country was among several nations supporting the extension of a deal between the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other exporters to limit output, Reuters reported, citing state news agency KUNA. “I see no sign from OPEC and Saudi Arabia that they will not roll over the cut into the second half of the year,” Scott Shelton, energy futures broker with ICAP in Durham, North Carolina, told Reuters. “The market is about to go from supply surplus to deficit on crude.” In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 0.5 percent gain from the previous close. Both Germany’s DAX Index and France’s CAC40 Index each closed 0.4 percent higher. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index slipped less than 0.1 percent. Shares of Hennes & Mauritz closed 4 percent lower after the retailer flagged “more aggressive” price cuts to clear inventory over the next three months if needed. H&M’s inventory levels are up 30 percent year-on-year and profit will be hurt should the retailer have to offer deeper discounts, Michelle Wilson, an analyst at Berenberg, told Bloomberg. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Statistics House report “deeply concerning” – PSA Blue Sky Offer Update Statistics House Investigation NZ business confidence continues to decline in March McClay put the kaibosh on Landcorp name change plan MBIE inquiry into Statistics House – Media statement New research for health and wellbeing Structural engineers support Statistics House recommendation Foster-Bell is Critical of Overbearing Medical Officer PSA supports call for restored RNZ funding CentrePort welcomes findings of report into Statistics House Accessible Properties acquires more than 1100 Tauranga homes Lead’s lingering effects Digital sector and Government alliance launched New modelling is helping to improve workforce planning Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Palm Kernel Oil and Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market – Detailed Study Analysis and Forecast by 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/30/2017 — Global Palm Kernel Oil And Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market: Overview Palm kernel oil and coconut oil-based natural fatty acids are predominantly used in manufacturing cleaning surfactants. Thus, the growing consumption of surfactants in residential, commercial, and industrial spaces has had a positive impact on the global palm kernel oil and coconut oil based natural fatty acids market. The steady availability of these oleochemicals along with their natural origin and versatility has made them the key source of the hydrophobic aspect of surfactants. The lack of commercially affordable substitutes for these rich sources of lauric fatty acids has given the global market a definitive boost. The presence of natural fatty acids in distilled palm kernel oil and coconut oil such as amidopropyl betaines and isethionates has augmented the demand for these materials in the production of personal cleaning surfactants. Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=1619 Global Palm Kernel Oil And Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market: Trends and Drivers The shifting demand for bio-based eco-friendly products in the personal care segment has led to the increased consumption of palm kernel oil and coconut oil based natural fatty acids. The growing awareness amongst consumers about the side effects of synthetic cosmetics has also directed attention toward herbal products, thereby triggering an uptake of these oleochemicals in the production of natural cosmetics. The report predicts that the rise of the detergents industry is likely to boost the global market in the near future. The coconut oil fatty acids are predominantly used in making industrial cleaners and detergents and the stricter norms to ensure hygienic industries are expected to up the consumption of detergents in the near future. The market is also expected to benefit from the improving disposable income, growing focus on aesthetics, and changing economics. These factors are especially favoring the sales of palm kernel oil based natural fatty acids, which are extensively used in personal care products. Request for TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=1619 Global Palm Kernel Oil And Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market: Market Potential The global cosmetics market is undergoing a major change that is seen tilting toward demand for natural products. In light of the benefits of cosmetics produced using naturally obtained materials over synthetic ones, the sales of sustainable cosmetics products have substantially spiked. Companies such as Evonik has added a wide range of cosmetic ingredients to its portfolio which comply with the standard of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO – MB). The new 50 certified palm-oil based raw materials will support customers in developing sustainable cosmetic products. The raw materials have been obtained in the most socially responsible manner that adheres to the conservation of habitats and land grabbing. Global Palm Kernel Oil And Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market: Regional Outlook Geographically, the global palm kernel oil and coconut based natural fatty acids market is segmented into Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, the Middle East and Africa, and Latin America. The research report states that Asia Pacific will be a key player in the global market. The region is expected to be the key consumer of coconut oil and palm kernel due to the high concentration of respective plantations. Furthermore, a strong presence of market players in the regions who are engaged in the production of detergents, soaps, and other personal care products are also projected to make a phenomenal contribution to the overall market. Read Complete Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/palm-kernel-oil-coconut-oil-based-natural-fatty-acids-market.html Key Players Mentioned in the Report are: Some of the leading players operating in the global palm kernel oil and coconut oil-based natural fatty acids market are Vantage Specialty Chemicals, Chemical Associates Inc., Philippine International, Wilmar International, OLEON, KLK Oleo, Emery Oleochemicals, Kao Corporation, P&G, Pacific Oleochemicals, Twin Rivers Technologies, Musim Mas Holdings, VVF LLC, and United Coconut Chemicals. These companies are expected to focus on making strategic mergers and acquisitions to improve their foothold in the global market in the coming years. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Non-Woven Adhesives Market 2017 Comprehensive Analysis, Industry Survey, Growth and Major Policies Report Next PostNext Airport Information System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Palm Kernel Oil and Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market – Detailed Study Analysis and Forecast by 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/30/2017 — Global Palm Kernel Oil And Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market: Overview Palm kernel oil and coconut oil-based natural fatty acids are predominantly used in manufacturing cleaning surfactants. Thus, the growing consumption of surfactants in residential, commercial, and industrial spaces has had a positive impact on the global palm kernel oil and coconut oil based natural fatty acids market. The steady availability of these oleochemicals along with their natural origin and versatility has made them the key source of the hydrophobic aspect of surfactants. The lack of commercially affordable substitutes for these rich sources of lauric fatty acids has given the global market a definitive boost. The presence of natural fatty acids in distilled palm kernel oil and coconut oil such as amidopropyl betaines and isethionates has augmented the demand for these materials in the production of personal cleaning surfactants. Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=1619 Global Palm Kernel Oil And Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market: Trends and Drivers The shifting demand for bio-based eco-friendly products in the personal care segment has led to the increased consumption of palm kernel oil and coconut oil based natural fatty acids. The growing awareness amongst consumers about the side effects of synthetic cosmetics has also directed attention toward herbal products, thereby triggering an uptake of these oleochemicals in the production of natural cosmetics. The report predicts that the rise of the detergents industry is likely to boost the global market in the near future. The coconut oil fatty acids are predominantly used in making industrial cleaners and detergents and the stricter norms to ensure hygienic industries are expected to up the consumption of detergents in the near future. The market is also expected to benefit from the improving disposable income, growing focus on aesthetics, and changing economics. These factors are especially favoring the sales of palm kernel oil based natural fatty acids, which are extensively used in personal care products. Request for TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=1619 Global Palm Kernel Oil And Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market: Market Potential The global cosmetics market is undergoing a major change that is seen tilting toward demand for natural products. In light of the benefits of cosmetics produced using naturally obtained materials over synthetic ones, the sales of sustainable cosmetics products have substantially spiked. Companies such as Evonik has added a wide range of cosmetic ingredients to its portfolio which comply with the standard of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO – MB). The new 50 certified palm-oil based raw materials will support customers in developing sustainable cosmetic products. The raw materials have been obtained in the most socially responsible manner that adheres to the conservation of habitats and land grabbing. Global Palm Kernel Oil And Coconut Oil Based Natural Fatty Acids Market: Regional Outlook Geographically, the global palm kernel oil and coconut based natural fatty acids market is segmented into Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, the Middle East and Africa, and Latin America. The research report states that Asia Pacific will be a key player in the global market. The region is expected to be the key consumer of coconut oil and palm kernel due to the high concentration of respective plantations. Furthermore, a strong presence of market players in the regions who are engaged in the production of detergents, soaps, and other personal care products are also projected to make a phenomenal contribution to the overall market. Read Complete Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/palm-kernel-oil-coconut-oil-based-natural-fatty-acids-market.html Key Players Mentioned in the Report are: Some of the leading players operating in the global palm kernel oil and coconut oil-based natural fatty acids market are Vantage Specialty Chemicals, Chemical Associates Inc., Philippine International, Wilmar International, OLEON, KLK Oleo, Emery Oleochemicals, Kao Corporation, P&G, Pacific Oleochemicals, Twin Rivers Technologies, Musim Mas Holdings, VVF LLC, and United Coconut Chemicals. These companies are expected to focus on making strategic mergers and acquisitions to improve their foothold in the global market in the coming years. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Non-Woven Adhesives Market 2017 Comprehensive Analysis, Industry Survey, Growth and Major Policies Report Next PostNext Airport Information System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Companies stay with climate plans despite Trump policy WALMART Tractor trailers sit parked outside a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. distribution center in Bentonville, Arkansas, in July. Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. (Bloomberg News photo by Luke Sharrett) Print Email Bloomberg News By Bloomberg News The Times-Picayune on March 30, 2017 at 3:45 PM comments Many of America's biggest corporations including Apple and Wal-Mart Stores are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor's environmental policies. Companies say their pledges, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. "This work is embedded in our business," Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It's "good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that's a win, too." Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Trump signed an order Tuesday (March 28) that tells the Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama's climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. "Most big companies in the U.S. recognize that climate change is real," Geoffrey Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. "They need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump's government does." Business's biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump's order calling that shift "vital to stimulating economic growth." The group argues that Obama's regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group's members and other corporate titans supported Obama's Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's largest beer-maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," General Electric's CEO Jeffrey Immelt, wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. "We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions." Mars, the maker of M&M's, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is "disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations." Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com, Alphabet Inc.'s Google and Microsoft also expressed their support for Obama's policies. "We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth," the companies said in a joint statement after Trump's order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. "We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture," Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble said. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump's rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. "People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats," Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp. said in an interview. "Mr. Trump is doing the right things." Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector, wasn't enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. - Christopher Flavelle (c) 2017, Bloomberg Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 33 Greater New Orleans business people on the move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Environment > Largest Manufacturing Companies Stick with Climate Pledge after Trump Pivot Largest Manufacturing Companies Stick with Climate Pledge after Trump Pivot Mar 30, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Companies say their pledges reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. Advertisement Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their pledges, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. “This work is embedded in our business,” said Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Popular Now The Business Case for Technology Investment Standard Work: A Standard, or More Like a Guideline? Samsung Hopes for Rebound with Galaxy S8, Virtual Assistant Trump signed an order on March 28 that tells the Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. “Most big companies in the U.S. recognize that climate change is real,” said Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School. “They need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does.” Business’s biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jup in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer-maker, also announced on March 29 that it would get 100% of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," General Electric Co.’s CEO Jeffrey Immelt, wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. "We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions." Mars Inc., the maker of M&M’s, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” ‘American Competitiveness’ Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Microsoft Corp. also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble said. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp. said in an interview. “Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector, wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. By Christopher Flavelle Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Immelt Talks Up Global Ties as Trump Pivots From Trade 2 Tillerson Climate-Change Testimony Set Before Trump Sworn In Retail Road Rockier for Apple After India Sticks to Local Rules CEOs, Leaders Urge Trump to Stand by Climate Pact 2 Trump Tries to Soothe Tech Chiefs With Pledge He’s an Ally THE LATEST The Missing Link Between Manufacturing Data and Profitability Trump Backs Away From Softer NAFTA Stance SpaceX Poised to Launch First Recycled Rocket Mars Becomes Latest Company to Tout Job Growth Under Trump Largest Manufacturing Companies Stick with Climate Pledge after Trump Pivot Three External Factors Driving Corporate Cultural Change Today More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 28, 2017 Article Lance Camper CEO Jack Cole: Always Be Learning – and Listening 2 This manufacturing leader's advice: Don't ever think you know it all....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Three External Factors Driving Corporate Cultural Change Today The Future Of Manufacturing Boeing to Save 747 by Buying Them and Leasing to Cargo Haulers 10 Tech Predictions for 2017 and Beyond Ford Issues Recalls for Door Latch, Engine Fire Issues IW Webinars Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model Connected Quality Management Accelerating Global Industrial Productivity with The Connected Enterprise More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Media The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition Blogs Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail ProsperoPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Blogs up icon Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail Prospero Print Edition The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe AdvalancheYouTube highlights problems with digital advertising Big brands protest about ads next to offensive content print-edition icon From the print edition | BusinessMar 30th 2017 | SAN FRANCISCO twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon EVEN advertisers can be seduced by slick marketing. Google and Facebook have built huge businesses by promising that online ads are more effective and easily measured than traditional media, such as television, radio and print. This year the amount spent on internet advertising, globally and in America, is forecast to surpass television advertising for the first time (see chart). But a controversy at YouTube, an online-video site owned by Google, shows how digital advertising still has problems to sort out before it lives up to the dazzling sales pitch. A slew of advertisers, including stalwarts such as Coca-Cola, Walmart and General Motors, have announced plans to suspend usage of, or move ad spending away from, YouTube because ads (in some cases their own) were appearing alongside offensive content, including videos by jihadist and neo-Nazi groups. Google’s own brand has suffered: the damage to the firm’s sales could be as much as $1bn in 2017, or around 1% of its gross advertising revenue. Shares of its parent company, Alphabet, have fallen by around 3% owing to the controversy. Latest updates A stalled treaty with China highlights Australia’s geopolitical dilemma Asia36 minutes ago The link between video games and unemployment The Economist explainsan hour ago Democrats should be more comfortable discussing economic growth Free exchange12 hours ago Impending famines in Africa and Yemen have political causes Graphic detail14 hours ago Justices consider the case of an immigrant who received bad legal advice Democracy in America15 hours ago Digital music tools are reshaping music education Prospero16 hours ago See all updates It is not the first time that brands have fretted about where their ads appear. In 2013 Nissan drew headlines when it placed an ad alongside a video of a beheading on the website Forbez DVD. There have been other incidents. But never before have so many advertisers raised concerns about what they call brand “safety” all at once and staged such a dramatic boycott. The timing may not be coincidental. Television networks are gearing up for negotiations with advertisers as part of America’s “upfronts”, in which brands commit around 70% of their TV-ad budgets for the year. It is in their interest to encourage big brands to look critically at digital advertising, which has been trouncing nearly all the other categories. The furore over extreme content escalated after the Times, a London-based newspaper owned by Rupert Murdoch, whose empire also contains many television properties, ran a story in mid-March with the headline, “YouTube hate preachers share screens with household names”. Advertisers may also be hoping to negotiate better pricing on their future internet-ad buys by taking a strong stand on this issue, says Mike Henry of OpenSlate, which helps brands place ads on YouTube. Few can now do without ads that are bought “programmatically”, meaning in an automated fashion using algorithms. The technique allows brands to follow internet-goers wherever they spend time and direct ads specifically at them. “What’s strange is that everyone was so fascinated with targeting ads that they forgot to ask themselves the mundane question of what content they are appearing next to,” says Rich Raddon of Zefr, an ad-tech firm. In other ways, too, digital advertising is falling short. In September Facebook admitted that it had inflated the reported time consumers spent watching video advertisements, and since then has acknowledged further measurement snafus. All these issues have invited censure, including from Marc Pritchard, whose role as marketing chief of the consumer-goods giant Procter & Gamble makes him one of the overlords of advertising. “Surely if we can invent technology for driverless cars and virtual reality we can find a way to track and verify media accurately,” he said. Although advertisers may be frustrated with YouTube’s poor oversight of where ads appear, there is a limited supply of high-quality online video. YouTube is like a restaurant in a small town: the service may be slow and the quality of food unpredictable, but there are few alternatives, so the clientele sticks around. Today Google and Facebook control around three-fifths of spending on digital ads in America, and their share is only expected to rise. Google and Facebook might consider making concessions to advertisers. At the moment Google does not allow third parties, such as the firm Integral Ad Science, to filter or block inappropriate content on behalf of advertisers, even though these independent firms have the technological tools to do so. That could change if advertisers continue to exert pressure. Advertisers can monitor ad placement, too. There are tools for this: on YouTube and elsewhere on the internet, firms can select keywords so that they stay away from certain contexts. Banks can avoid videos and articles that mention foreclosure, for example, and carmakers can choose not to bid on ad space near articles about crashes. But only about 15% of advertisers are using this sort of tool, reckons Scott Knoll, the chief executive of Integral Ad Science. In the future more will probably turn to such solutions, and also pay for outside measurement to check if their ads are being seen. Technology has brought headaches for advertisers, but that won’t prevent them investing in more of it. twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content Editors’ picks The White HouseThe Trump presidency is in a hole And that is bad for America—and the world Leaders A tale of two scarvesAustralia’s stalled treaty with China highlights its dilemmaAsia A race against timeThe two-year countdown to Brexit has begunBritain The Economist explainsThe link between video games and unemploymentThe Economist explains You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview The Catalyst Seekers Levin Capital’s John Levin and Jack Murphy look for value-priced stocks with potential catalysts. They think Nokia, which yields 7%, could double. By Leslie P. Norton Biography December 3, 2016 John Levin, founder of New York–based Levin Capital Strategies, and Jack Murphy, a onetime management consultant, have practiced value investing for decades. They are exceptionally skilled at identifying catalysts for change, even among widely covered stocks, and their track record is excellent: Over the past five years, Transamerica Large Cap Value (ticker: TWQAX), a mutual fund they subadvise, has returned 15.7% a year, beating both the Standard & Poor’s 500 index and other large value funds. From their office just... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. ConocoPhillips Rally Has Legs as It Cools on Canada Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Galaxy vs. iPhone: The Latest PC/Mac Debate Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Netflix Is Now Facing a Very Big Market Moment Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CSX Is on the Right Track: How Investors Can Profit Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Square Expands Its Business to the U.K. 2 MBA Seekers Look to Canada 3 Tinder Makes Its International Move Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Facial Wipes Market 2016 Size, Trends, Growth, Analysis and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Facial Wipes Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 30, 2017 ) Facial wipes can be categorized under skincare products. A wide range of facial wipes that have plant-derived solutions and synthetic water and oil-based solutions is sold under two broad categories: wet facial wipes and dry facial wipes. Based on the effects, facial wipes can be of the following types: anti-inflammatory, rejuvenation and regeneration, moisturizing, nourishing, firming and smoothing, anti-aging (anti-wrinkle and anti-sagging), soothing, acne prevention, skin brightening, cellulite reduction and stretch mark management, dark spot reduction, protection and conditioning for dry and damaged skin, UV protection for skin Publisher's analysts forecast the global facial wipes market to grow at a CAGR of 9% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-facial-wipes-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global facial wipes market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail sales of different types of facial wipes to individual consumers. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - MEA Publisher's report, Global Facial Wipes Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Beiersdorf - Estée Lauder - Johnson & Johnson - Kimberly-Clark - P&G - Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001438268/sample Other prominent vendors - Amway - Avon Products - Chanel - Kao - L'Oréal - LVMH - Mary Kay - O Boticário - Revlon - Shiseido Market driver - Availability of products specific to different skin types and concerns - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Clogging and flushability concerns - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increased focus on eco-friendly wipes - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001438268/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Illumination Research Hires Andrea Martin, Insight Strategist - Online Free Press release news distribution - TopWireNews.com About Top Wire News Benefits of PR Distribution & SEO Press Releases News Tags Sitemap Automotive Business Business News Health News Law Real Estate News Technology Top Stories Website Announcement World News Illumination Research Hires Andrea Martin, Insight Strategist Cincinnati, OH, 03/15/2017 /SubmitPressRelease123/ Illumination Research, a global consumer insights and strategy firm has hired Andrea Martin as an Insight Strategist. Andrea brings 20+ years of industry experience in client side market research, advertising and design. Coming from her prior role as the internal moderator for Georgia-Pacific Consumer Products, Andrea has worked across multiple categories and brands such as Home Cleaning, a vast array of Paper Products, and Personal Hygiene solutions. Having also spent previous years as a senior design manager, her experience both in front of and behind the mirror makes her highly skilled at delivering insightful results for marketing/advertising campaigns, packaging and product development, concept development, upstream ideation and instore shelving and merchandising. In her new role at Illumination, Andrea will partner with a range of new and existing clients to provide expertise in leading qualitative research and tapping into authentic, in-the-moment consumer insights. “I am so excited to join the incredible Illumination team with their innovative and agile approach to research design coupled with their industry-leading methodologies and tools. I am looking forward to helping our clients grow their businesses by gaining insightful consumer understandings and ideas and turning those into actionable results.” According to Illumination CEO, Karri Bass, “We are thrilled to add Andrea to our team.  Her client-side experience leading and moderating research for one of the world’s top consumer products companies will be extremely beneficial in her work with Illumination’s global clients. Andrea combines extensive consumer insights expertise with strong leadership and interpersonal skills, which make her a highly effective research moderator and business strategist.”  Andrea has her BA in Visual Arts from Eckerd College. She also completed the Principles of Market Research program at the University of Georgia and moderator training at the RIVA Institute. Illumination is a global consumer and shopper insights firm, offering a diverse portfolio of Qualitative and Quantitative research capabilities. The company’s clients include many of the world’s largest manufacturers and retailers, including Procter and Gamble, Nestle, Abbott, and Kroger. Illumination leverages its industry-leading agile research tools along with a full suite of established methods to help its clients uncover and apply rich insights to grow their business. Illumination continues on a strong path of growth, building on significant global expansion in recent years. For more information about Illumination Research, please visit www.illumination-research.com or www.illumination-research.com/speedsuite. Contact us at 513.774.9531 or info@illumination-research.com Illumination Research – Lighting Your Path to Growth™   Follow us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/IlluminationResearch Twitter @IlluminationR Linkedin at www.linkedin.com/company/illumination-research Social Media Tags:Illumination Research. Andrea Martin Newsroom powered by Online Press Release Distribution – SubmitMyPressRelease.com Like Us on Facebook March 18, 2017   vision Business News, press release Illumination Research. Andrea Martin × Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 May 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 January 1970 Tags backlinks bkf recovery software Business clean air solutions clouse dunn khoshbin dallas employment employment law attorney employment law attorneys employment law firm Employment lawyer employment lawyers Facebook Google grover home based business Homes iPhone jonathan c reiter justice news King Mohammed VI law firm marketing law firms lawyer marketing make money online marketing mesothelioma lawyers mortgage nfm lending Parcel2Go parcel delivery Pay per click real estate Royal Thai Army search engine optimization search engine ranking seo seo company social media table linens texas employment Thai Army Thailand twitter uk work at home All Press Release News Tags >> Recent Posts Zara Tours Offers Springtime Specials In Tanzania NFM Lending Celebrates One Year Of The NFM Salute RiskSpan Launches Data and Analytics API on IBM Bluemix Platform Illumination Research Hires Andrea Martin, Insight Strategist Subaru Pacific Collecting School Supplies For Harbor Teacher Preparation Academy Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 May 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 January 1970 Copyright © 2017 Online Free Press release news distribution – TopWireNews.com
Home Libero Italia Economia Politica Esteri Spettacoli Personaggi Sport Salute Altro Fullscreen Fullscreen Gallery Cerca Libero Edicola Libero TV Libero Shopping » Home » Ultim'ora Home Libero Italia Economia Politica Esteri Spettacoli Personaggi Sport Salute Altro Fullscreen comunicati MediaCom Dominates the Festival of Media Global Awards Shortlist - Celebrating the very best in media excellence from around the world, the Festival of Media Global Awards today announced its revered shortlist.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) Agency network MediaCom is way out in front with a huge 51 shortlisted entries in comparison to its nearest competitor Mindshare, who itself has an impressive figure of 31. Other networks doing significantly well include Starcom, OMD, PHD and UM with 27, 26, 23 and 21 respectively. In terms of agency office Starcom USA is leading the way with an impressive 14 shortlisted entries, wtih Touche! PHD Canada, MediaCom UK and MediaCom New Zealand following close behind with 11, 10 and eight respectively. Blazing the trail for independent agencies is MediaPlus Germany, which has collected seven shortlisted nominations, while PHD China also posted the same number. A record number of entries has ensured a fantastic geographical reach with the US posting 37 entries, UK 36, China 16 and Australia, Germany and India 15 each. The campaigns dominating the shortlist include a trio from MediaCom 'Sea Hero Quest' and 'Missing Type' and 'Check me before you turn the key' who have six, five and four nominations across the board. 'Girl Emojis' by Starcom and 'The effect of speaking beautifully' from Mindshare are each shortlisted in four categories. The winners will be decided by the Festival of Media Global Awards final jury meeting in Rome on Sunday 7 May. Members of the illustrious jury panel for 2017 will be driven and lead by Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G and Sarah Mansfield, VP global media Europe and Americas, Unilever. The winners' announcement will take place on Monday 8 May as part of the Festival of Media Global conference at the Rome Cavalieri, Rome, Italy. More information about the conference and how to book your ticket can be found here. All shortlisted campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com/ About C Squared   C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has 4 major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 3,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards and the popular media training course, IMM. The company also owns Cream which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc #FOMG17   @FestivalOfMedia  Contacts  Tickets: Komla Ayewoh, global lead commercial partners +44(0)-20-7367-6464, komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc Awards: Christina Liessem, head of awards +44(0)20-7367-6993, christina.liessem@csquared.cc 30 Marzo 2017 Lascia il tuo commento Condividi le tue opinioni su Libero Quotidiano Testo Caratteri rimanenti: 400 i sondaggi del giorno standard Voi quale di questi ministri vedreste meglio a fare il premier? Vota subito!   Mutande maschili: dite la verità, a voi stanno comode o no? Vota subito!   l'imbeccata DI FRANCO BECHIS standard Per 3 volte Italia penultima nella Ue. Due grazie a Renzi Chissà chi dei 27 ha pensato a quella parola inserita nella dichiarazione finale firmata sabato 25 marzo 2017 dai leader dei paesi membri dell’Unione ...   27 fantasmi senza popolo, un milione per Francesco Le immagini sanno raccontare più di ogni fiume di parole. Prima istantanea: Roma, città deserta, con il suo centro sequestrato ai cittadini, ai ...   Vitalizi, proposta Pd è un bluff: vale per solo per il 20% di ex L’ufficio di presidenza della Camera dei deputati ha bocciato la proposta del Movimento 5 stelle per equiparare i trattamenti pensionistici dei ...   28.03.2017 Sesso anale, lo dice la scienza: qual è   l'unico (enorme) rischio che corri 28.03.2017 Madia, la vergogna della sua laurea:   la scoperta che la travolge. E adesso... 23.03.2017 "Massacro le vecchie". La star tv, intercettazione choc 24.03.2017 Tomas Milian? Una Monnezza d'uomo: alcol, risse e donne, umiliato da morto 26.03.2017 Difende la ragazza in disco. Massacrato dal branco 25.03.2017 La conduttrice Rai accavalla le gambe: cosa spunta là in mezzo, in diretta / Foto 26.03.2017 Il dettaglio pazzesco che non si è notato Francesco, miracolo a Milano / Foto 27.03.2017 Una bombastica bionda. Con questo corpo ha fatto fuori pure Belen / Guarda 26.03.2017 Fame, soldi e debiti: De Sica, non ride: vita rovinata da suo padre Vittorio / Foto 25.03.2017 Paltrow, raptus porcello: "Sesso anale? Io lo faccio così" 28.03.2017 Cecchi Paone: "Fascista, dici solo balle..." e la Meloni lo umilia, delirio in studio / Video 26.03.2017 La raccatapalle è vestita così (poco): un sexy disastro, si abbassa e... / Video 29.03.2017 In metro ti mettono il pene nel sedere Il viaggio? Un incubo sessuale / Video 28.03.2017 Porno in pubblico, roba pazzesca:  beccati, fanno sesso in pizzeria / Video 25.03.2017 Il premier gay? Guardate la faccia di Mattarella standard 28.03.2017 Madia, la vergogna della sua laurea:   la scoperta che la travolge. E adesso...   28.03.2017 Sorpassi una bicicletta con l'auto?  Occhio, sei finito: multa-horror. E...   27.03.2017 Poletti, altro sfregio ai giovani: "Cercate lavoro? Altro che  il curriculum..."   28.03.2017 La Boldrini dalla Gruber, trionfo rosso Occhio, confessa: dove la vedremo    26.03.2017 Difende la ragazza in disco. Massacrato dal branco   standard 25.03.2017 "Salvini cosa dice? A La7 mai!": e la Gruber sbrocca   25.03.2017 "Severgnini mai visto così": oltre il ridicolo a 60 anni   26.03.2017 "Gli italiani si sparano, lei brinda":  chi è la ragazza brutalizzata / Foto   27.03.2017 La Serracchiani ve la ricordate così? Com'è adesso (giudicate voi)   25.03.2017 La conduttrice Rai accavalla le gambe: cosa spunta là in mezzo, in diretta / Foto   standard 28.03.2017 Cecchi Paone: "Fascista, dici solo balle..." e la Meloni lo umilia, delirio in studio / Video   25.03.2017 Il premier gay? Guardate la faccia di Mattarella   25.03.2017 I black bloc? La legge di Minniti  Ecco come li ha sgominati / Video    25.03.2017 La Merkel umilia la Raggi: "Lei è la sindaca?"   24.03.2017 Minuto di silenzio per i morti, umiliano la Boldrini   News da Radio 105 standard Tiromancino: il nuovo singolo “Dove tutto è a metà” da oggi su Radio 105! Lo chiamano “Hitman” a ragion veduta, perché ogni volta che sforna un singolo, o un album, questo si trasforma in tempo record in un success......   I più intelligenti sono disordinati, fanno le ore piccole e dicono le parolacce. Disordine e creatività Il disordine favorisce la creatività. Lo ha dimostrato Kathleen Vohs, docente dell'Università del Minnesota.  Ai part......   Lo chef stellato Andrea Berton ora a 105 Friends Non è il solito ricettario. Friulano Doc, il 47enne Andrea Berton non ha certo bisogno di presentazioni. Allievo del grande Gualtiero Marche......   Pasta, alla scoperta delle nostre convinzioni errate Cuocere la pasta, almeno per noi italiani, dovrebbe essere la cosa più facile del mondo. Gli spaghetti vanno messi in acqua quando bolle, a ......   Tommaso Paradiso dei Thegiornalisti: "Elisa mi scriveva su Instagram" "Non fare il Brigante, Max!". E' stata questa la dedica che Tommaso Paradiso, frontman dei Thegiornalisti, ha scritto sul vinile di "Complet...Guarda ...   ascolta ora Radio 105 media standard Paura a Stoccolma: nel cuore della notte, esplode una meteora in cielo / Video   "Godo. Ma tu sei avvelenata...". Ornella Muti e figlia, agguato sul treno alla "Iena" Sabrina Nobile (sotto choc) / Video   Le moto d'acqua sfidano la furia del ciclone Debbie: uno sport estremo   Non la eliminano: esulta, grida e...zac, il vestito si apre. Porno al GF: saltella, ma il seno nudo è tutto fuori / Video   Napoli porno, sesso selvaggio sull'auto in pieno giorno: "Chi è quella donna". Immagini esplicite / Video   Santanchè, la foto hard con gambe nude: quella mano che la sfiora... / Guarda   Grosso-gol, ciò che non avevi mai visto: quello sfregio di Totti ai tedeschi / Video   Eric Clapton, tristezza infinita: avvistato all'aeroporto, come è ridotto a 71 anni   Giovanissima, italiana e bomba erotica: la neo-star che fa fuori Belen / Guarda   Trump, dazi su prodotti italiani e Ue: quali società vuole affondare / Gallery   Le ragazze strapagate da Berlusconi: 400mila euro a queste tre qui / Guarda   Benigni, un'altra figuraccia da Oscar  La Palombelli lo inchioda: la prova   Silvia Toffanin senza pietà: dopo 10 anni lo pianta in tronco. Caos a Mediaset / Guarda   Soldi in nero, lo Stato tarocca i dati Bechis, la scoperta: come ti truffano L'ultima follia: gli anziani? Stangati   Il video-horror della super-star: "Basta balle. Sapete che ci faccio io con le mutande?". E lo fa / Guarda   Shopping standard SHOAH - Musica per non dimenticare"   TRUMP - Uno di noi   PINOCCHIO   L'ISOLA DEL TESORO   PETER PAN   ALICE NEL PAESE DELLE MERAVIGLIE   blog standard Complimenti per la trasmissione Iron Fist, il respiro buddhista della tv di Francesco Specchia   Casa bianca Il primo aprile di Donald Trump: la grande sfida di Glauco Maggi   Stile&stiletto Concertone al femminile con le scarpette rosse di Daniela Mastromattei   Home Edicola Digitale Shopping Note informative Contatti Pubblicità Credits I nostri canali Libero TV Libero Shopping Libero Edicola Editoriale Libero S.r.l. - Sede Legale: Viale Luigi Majno 42, 20129 Milano - Registro Imprese di Milano: C.F. e P.IVA 06823221004 - R.E.A.  Milano n. 1690166 Cap. Soc. € 400.000,00 i.v. - Tutti i diritti riservati - ISSN (sito web): 2531-6370 Powered by Miles 33
395033 3471 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Economia e Finanza . MediaCom Dominates the Festival of Media Global Awards Shortlist MediaCom Dominates the Festival of Media Global Awards Shortlist ECONOMIA E FINANZA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 30/03/2017 12:11 ROME, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Celebrating the very best in media excellence from around the world, the Festival of Media Global Awards today announced its revered shortlist.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) Agency network MediaCom is way out in front with a huge 51 shortlisted entries in comparison to its nearest competitor Mindshare, who itself has an impressive figure of 31. Other networks doing significantly well include Starcom, OMD, PHD and UM with 27, 26, 23 and 21 respectively. In terms of agency office Starcom USA is leading the way with an impressive 14 shortlisted entries, wtih Touche! PHD Canada, MediaCom UK and MediaCom New Zealand following close behind with 11, 10 and eight respectively. Blazing the trail for independent agencies is MediaPlus Germany, which has collected seven shortlisted nominations, while PHD China also posted the same number. A record number of entries has ensured a fantastic geographical reach with the US posting 37 entries, UK 36, China 16 and Australia, Germany and India 15 each. The campaigns dominating the shortlist include a trio from MediaCom 'Sea Hero Quest' and 'Missing Type' and 'Check me before you turn the key' who have six, five and four nominations across the board. 'Girl Emojis' by Starcom and 'The effect of speaking beautifully' from Mindshare are each shortlisted in four categories. The winners will be decided by the Festival of Media Global Awards final jury meeting in Rome on Sunday 7 May. Members of the illustrious jury panel for 2017 will be driven and lead by Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G and Sarah Mansfield, VP global media Europe and Americas, Unilever. The winners' announcement will take place on Monday 8 May as part of the Festival of Media Global conference at the Rome Cavalieri, Rome, Italy. More information about the conference and how to book your ticket can be found here. All shortlisted campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com/ About C Squared   C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has 4 major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 3,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards and the popular media training course, IMM. The company also owns Cream which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc #FOMG17   @FestivalOfMedia  Contacts  Tickets: Komla Ayewoh, global lead commercial partners +44(0)-20-7367-6464, komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc Awards: Christina Liessem, head of awards +44(0)20-7367-6993, christina.liessem@csquared.cc Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Non si vive di solo lavoro. Lo spot Wwf che divide Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Delitto di Alatri, vegani contro Emanuele: "Un cacciatore di meno" 2. Affitti, le novità del 2017 3. Sgarbi-show: si addormenta di botto in diretta tv 4. Alitalia, Calenda: "Trattativa a oltranza, accordo entro 13 aprile" 5. "Volevano mettere una bomba a Rialto", sgominata cellula jihadista a Venezia Video Pasqua: la top ten delle città più desiderate dagli stranieri Non si vive di solo lavoro. Lo spot Wwf che divide Arriva Beer for Dogs, la birra per cani Al cinema ‘In Between’, l’emancipazione di 3 donne a Tel Aviv Legalità e sviluppo binomio inscindibile Giornata mondiale autismo, sabato maratona acquatica di 30 ore Corpi nudi e intrecciati, l'opera d'arte 'choc' Bologna, scontro pullman-tir sul raccordo: 16 feriti in ospedale Tirano di più 6 husky o 300 cavalli? In Evidenza BioInItaly Investment Forum Sharing Italy Hi Future! Guarda avanti VIII Conferenza economica CIA - 'Agricoltura crea valore' Sanità, Codice Rosa: 350 donne vittime violenza seguite a Umberto I in 2 anni /Video A.P.I. L’innovazione per l’industria 4.0 Giovani, arriva 'Generazione Cultura' per far crescere nuove professionalità /Video Italiaonline, a Parma tappa digital business tour A Washington ACC.17, il meeting dell'American College of Cardiology Educare e prevenire l'epatite C nelle carceri con il progetto "Enehide" Giornata mondiale della salute orale Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare Dal Web il meglio della cosmesi per la bellezza della donna Una strada per Fulvio Bracco a Cesano Maderno. La figlia Diana: "Un premio per famiglia e azienda" Intesa, Cariplo e Vismara: 25 milioni di euro contro la povertà infantile Asseprim Focus. Osservatorio economico dei servizi professionali all’impresa 'Codere Italia' e 'Obiettivo 2016' insieme per una nuova sfida a Enada Primavera Passaporto ematico, al via con lo screening del sangue per la Juve Stabia /Video /Foto Energia, è online nuovo numero newsletter Gme Rinascere dopo il sisma, Poste presenta 'Noi ci siamo' /Video ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Unione Europea oggi: ancora un'opportunità? Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Ipertensione arteriosa, nuovo studio apre la via per il corretto controllo della pressione Assogenerici apre le porte delle aziende con "Fabbriche aperte” Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura   Seguici 395033 3471 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 58° Share Apple, Wal-Mart stick with climate pledge after Trump pivot By Christopher Flavelle / Bloomberg Published: Thursday, March 30th, 2017 at 10:40am Updated: Thursday, March 30th, 2017 at 10:40am Emissions rise from the Dominion Resources Inc. Mount Storm Generating Station in Mount Storm, West Virginia, on Jan. 25, 2017. MUST CREDIT: Bloomberg photo by Luke Sharrett. Luke Sharrett, Bloomberg .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple and Wal-Mart Stores are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their pledges, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. “This work is embedded in our business,” Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Advertisement Continue reading Trump signed an order Tuesday that tells the Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. “Most big companies in the U.S. recognize that climate change is real,” Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. “They need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does.” Business’s biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer-maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” General Electric’s Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Immelt, wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. “We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions.” Mars, the maker of M&M’s, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Microsoft also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Advertisement Continue reading Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble said. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp. said in an interview. “Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector, wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. — Bloomberg contributors: Ari Natter, Matthew Boyle, Christopher Martin, Lauren Coleman-Lochner, Craig Giammona, Lindsey Rupp, Molly Smith and Eric Roston contributed. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Wal-Mart sales perk up ahead of holiday – Nov 13, 2014 Wal-Mart profit falls on currency shifts, pay raises – May 19, 2015 Wal-Mart to shutter 269 stores, 154 of them in the US – Jan 15, 2016 Wal-Mart sets environmental plan as people seek green items – Nov 4, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, March 31, 2017 2:57 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple, Wal-Mart stick with climate pledge after Trump pivot Thursday March 30, 2017 11:39 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Lallana blow gives Liverpool boss derby headache Malaysians arrive home safely from North Korea The Edit: Nora Danish and Nedim Nazri say ‘I do’ (VIDEO) Flooding overwhelms Australian towns after Cyclone Debbie Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple Inc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts Obama’s environmental policies. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, March 30 — Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple Inc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their pledges, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come. “This work is embedded in our business,” Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025. Trump signed an order Tuesday that tells the Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. Read More: Trump Sweeps Away Climate Rules Vowing ‘New Energy Revolution’ “Most big companies in the US recognise that climate change is real,” Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. “They need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does.” Business’s biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The US Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer-maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 per cent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” General Electric Co’s Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Immelt, wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. “We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions.” Mars Inc, the maker of M&M’s, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” ‘American competitiveness’ Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc’s Google and Microsoft Corp also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticising the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc, Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co and Best Buy Co, which all signed the 2015 pledge organised by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honour their commitments. “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble said. Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp said in an interview. “Mr Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector, wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Activist targets GM share structure, board Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Australia to bar banks from bargaining collectively with Apple over payments Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Nothing in this region comes close to Pengerang Activist targets GM share structure, board Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles With new iPhone, Trump still a target for hackers Australia to bar banks from bargaining collectively with Apple over payments Former Trump advisor Flynn offers testimony for immunity Trump shakes up White House staff after setbacks Democrats urge probe of Trump ties to Iran-linked oligarch Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Fri, Mar 31, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Culture Books Book Reviews The Book Club Poetry Hennessy NIW IT Books All Culture Books Book Reviews The Book Club Poetry Hennessy NIW IT Books Film Film Reviews Music Album Reviews Stage Stage Reviews Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Photography Treibh Heritage 1916 Century Specials Century Modern Ireland in 100 Artworks By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X In search of the American experience Michael Collins introduces three stories by two writers he has mentored, army veteran Steve Carlsen and SJ Dunning about 17 hours ago Updated: about 16 hours ago Michael Collins, Steve Carlsen and SJ Dunning SJ Dunning and Steve Carlsen         A central part of a writer’s life these days, with the proliferation of writing programmes and festivals offering master classes, is teaching. Since I retired from Microsoft, I’ve led a transient life, living from the west to the east coasts, and like a travelling salesman hawking cures, I’ve advertised my arrival in the local newspaper, offering free weekend writing classes. It’s a way to establish a sense of place, to find friends and to give back. I do it less now, with four adolescent children, but this transience defined our life for a time. Given the advent of online home schooling, it wasn’t difficult to circumvent so-called normalcy and the anchor of place. I’d unhitch the family from normal life, and we’d hit the road. We roamed America in an RV (a 14-metre bus) which I bought on the cheap from an elderly couple whose retirement was truncated by the husband’s terminal illness. We met the couple along the Oregon coast in the misery of a windswept winter storm, along miles of Pacific beach. I was then training for the 2010 World Championships. The couple was enamoured by our transience and courage, by the fact that we had four kids at the time, and were sharing the isolation of a beach with them, in what we then owned – a small caravan. It was one of their last trips together. The interior of the RV’s bedroom was set up like a mobile infirmary. The couple were in the last year of goodbyes, a deeply personal road trip of memories that would be carried into eternity. In so observing them, my wife and I took measure of our own strength, our own endurance and what matters – family. We agreed to financial terms on what was an extravagant RV, really, a rock-star affair with appointed track-lit mahogany cabinetry, granite countertops, satellite TV and a tow package to drag a car. It was the couple’s gift bestowed upon us for simply being there with them in our collective aloneness that solitary weekend. The old man played solitaire with an attenuated feebleness, in the lick of his thumb and the unfolding of each card. He smelled of liniment and was dead less than six weeks later. We picked up the RV after the disbursement of assets at a giant hanger where so many of these dreams are auctioned off in the failing health or death of those who had envisioned a longer run of years. Encounters like this inform a life. I’ve found that the act of dislocation reunites people, that in the off-chance of meeting someone, someplace remote, a bond is thus formed. You are at once commiserates on the same journey, mutually paused along the way station toward some indistinct endpoint. I believe there are appointed moments of revelation. You just have to go find them. It’s how I’ve managed life as an immigrant and ultra-runner in the second act of my post-Microsoft days. Much of it is wanderlust, but there are the pragmatics, too, of preserving my legs and joints. As a family, we’ve ventured to remote locations along coastal waters, then turned inland for the mountainous Northwestern, ventured further west, down along the Rockies. I’ll leave at some appointed trail and then disappear for the better part of a day for one of those solo 75-mile training trail runs that provide the foundation for 24 hour ultra-running races. Out around Montana and the Dakotas, it’s different. I go there for the scorch of summer, for the punishment of miles and the reach of my own limits. The terrain is less steep, but more remote. It’s Big Sky country, Unabomber Ted Kaczynski territory, I call it – a land occupied by outcast characters, pilgrims of a modern displacement who end up embracing a Thoreau-like solitude. I’ll come upon them encamped on outcrop vistas, ever vigilant. You run enough like this into the wild and eventually you feel the trained eye of a sniper tracking you. I’ve come to accept the terms of the terrain and the potential cost. Many are ex-military, taciturn and equipped for solitary survival with their rucksacks and bibles. Yet, if encountered under the right circumstances, at a trail head, or a mountain pass at 9,000ft, you can find a point of commonality, probing eventually what is almost always a psychological wound of some distant war. In between these runs, we park at a campground or a Walmart parking lot and I start answering emails from prospective parties interested in my weekend writing sessions. Most will have vetted me as the genuine article, as runner and writer, offering this once in a lifetime encounter to begin mapping out their life story. I could describe countless such encounters and characters, but in the waning days of this month-long extravaganza of posted articles by myself and various associate writer friends and academics, I thought I might simply introduce two of the most enduring characters I met during these encounters, because I feel that the full reach of the American experience rises from the lived experience of those unselfconscious characters who sometimes emerge and begin a story. Sometimes, the greatest asset a teacher possesses is the simple act of listening. I’ll not take from the stories which The Irish Times has so generously agreed to publish, but to say that the voices which find their way into my own work are informed by a realism and backdrop of the characters I’ve met throughout my American travels. I met Steve in a bleak Rust Belt mid-American town. An imposing military figure, he showed up under the utilitarian glare of a community college night class in a winter of deep snow The first writer is Army Specialist Steve Carlsen, who, as a member of the 1st Battalion 504th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 82nd Airborne Division, served on a peacekeeping mission in Kosovo from 2001-02, then redeployed in the wake of 9/11 to Afghanistan between 2002-03. I met Steve in a bleak Rust Belt mid-American town. An imposing military figure, he showed up under the utilitarian glare of a community college night class in a winter of deep snow. I was asking people to tell their stories. He was a high-school graduate and army veteran. That was his bio. There was no small talk. Steve came with a horrific story. Early into his deployment in Afghanistan, he witnessed a father bring a burned five-year-old girl to the edge of a US military base. Defiant, the father demanded compensation for an alleged missile attack by US forces. The girl, burned almost beyond recognition, yet still alive, was simply set before the barracks as a grim effigy of America’s overreach in its indiscriminate capacity to maim and kill. Steve had a poem memorised which he had written about the child. He cried when he read it. The actual story proved more complicated. After extensive investigation, an assessment of military operations, and an interrogation of the girl’s mother, it turned out that the daughter had been doused in gasoline and set ablaze by her father. He had been anticipating a $2,500 compensatory allowance the US military was authorised to distribute under the unfortunate and regrettable circumstances of civilian casualties. For Steve, the young girl defined his time in Afghanistan. Her eventual death revealed the stark underlying truth of what a people or a father might do to survive. There was no rebuke of the man’s religion or ethnicity. Steve Carlsen, prototypical warrior, career-hardened soldier, would see and endure the loss of three comrades, and yet back home, in the aftermath of his service, he used to drink and have nightmares about that little girl. What Steve produced in my time with him, and what appear here in the selected stories published by The Irish Times, are instances of compassionate insight that were forged in the firmament of battle, where a young man, wrest from a winter’s bone existence in the dead-end of the Midwest, assumed the valorous role of soldier in his deployment into the atrocities of Kosovo and then the mire of Afghanistan. Steve Carlsen bears the burden of America’s greatness. When called to serve, he did so. In the fallout of a post-military life, he returned home and sustained himself by his wits, providing for his family as a mechanic and hunter. He flies the American flag proudly and voted for Trump. There is nothing braggadocious in his person, or in how he speaks of his military past. Nor is he incendiary in his politics, save that he believes each man should provide for his own, that a sense of independence is lost in a welfare state of big government. For this abiding belief, he votes a conservative ticket, not out of ill-compassion, but because it’s the American way. SJ Dunning was delivered to me in a trip into the Northwest. She will forever remind me of one of those provocative – dare I say feral – waifs who inhabit the Pacific Northwest SJ Dunning was delivered to me in a trip into the Northwest. She will forever remind me of one of those provocative – dare I say feral – waifs who inhabit the Pacific Northwest, the sort of mysterious, brooding individual made famous under the glare of grunge music. Then the world looked away. She remained. I say feral in the sense that she knew everything and yet had a shyness about her, a containment. Her instincts were toward a rural homestead self-reliance. She wore workmanlike jeans low on her hips and a plaid shirt, or she did when I knew her. She was young then, still finding her voice, and though our encounter was brief – a transient series of classes offered at the University of Western Washington, and some mentoring over drinks at shabby bars – I understood she was in search of the sort of story that eventually arrives if one is patiently attentive and willing to endure long suffering. She was. We kept in touch over the years. A writing teacher, if honest, will be brief, advance quiet direction, and be guarded in the absolute praise of a writer still on a journey. What we developed was a truthfulness, an ability to simply correspond from time to time, Sonya emerging from the chrysalis of deep hurts, edging ever closer to that defining story – first, her parents’ divorce, and later, in the emergence of her own fate as writer, amidst the seismic shift of what can happen when devoid of family and friends, the American economy tanked, leaving her bereft of home and money. What she did was pick up her pen. The piece published here by The Irish Times reckons with the fallout of the House Crash, a calamity familiar to Irish society, but in this memoir-in-progress, Notes from the Field of Foreclosure, it’s a story of physical and social integration, peculiar in its American telling. To describe the style – it is mercilessly objective, mercenary in its details, in what a daughter and father signed up to do in the foreclosure aftermath – trashout properties, removing the belongings of people whose homes had been repossessed. There’s an abrupt matter-of-factness, a daughter and father measuring the “lives of others in cubic yardage: the washing machine in the garage is one cubic yard, and the projection television anchoring the living room is probably one and a half. The more trash we remove, the more we get paid.” And yet in the dissolution of other lives, there’s an absolute honesty, a self-reckoning with what one must do to survive. There is no artifice, no apology. All is documented in the aperture of a camera lens, per the bank’s demand, in shots a daughter takes to pictorially document the loss. We learn eventually that the father is dying of cancer. It’s a stated fact. Little sentimentality is allowed. Time is money and money is what is needed, so nights are spent in rundown motels in the advance of a new day and a new trashout, in the scavenge of others’ lives. Perhaps it is why I chose to share these two writers with an Irish audience – for the moral agency and immediacy of what each conveys, how each situates their stories within a stark, unsettling realism. At times, I believe America asks more of its citizens, or challenges them with the simple act of trying to survive. In the best American writing I’ve come upon, the stories register a moral accountability, and a self-awareness that doesn’t necessarily end in righteousness, though, in their telling the stories are always direct and so well observed, so well witnessed, that the least I can do is listen! SJ Dunning on the road For(e)closure By SJ Dunning I want to say I am an expert on foreclosure – I feel an onus to provide a sturdy framework for what follows, to be more well-read on the subject than most – but even reviewing titles of books chronicling the mortgage crisis and foreclosure proves painstaking. The Rise and Fall of the US Mortgage and Credit Markets: A Comprehensive Analysis of the Market Meltdown. The Foreclosure of America: The Inside Story of the Rise and Fall of Countrywide Home Loans, the Mortgage Crisis, and the Default of the American Dream. For the past couple of years, I‘ve been maintaining foreclosed homes throughout the northwest with my father for a property management vendor contracted by mortgage lenders like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. My expertise is hands-on. But all I’m certain of is that foreclosure is damned laborious. *** Entering a foreclosed home is usually straightforward enough – my father retrieves a key from the lockbox, opens the door – but sometimes we must “break and enter”. It‘s 2010 – a mild day in June, and my father is wielding a giant screwdriver in one hand, a wrecking bar in the other, breaking into a split-level home through a basement window (we couldn’t get in through the door). “This damned window!” my father says, his whole body in a lunge. To lighten his mood – this window is more stubborn than most – I regale him with my imaginary soap opera version of foreclosure, an absurd spin-off of soaps my mother watched when I was a child. In These are the Days of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, Fannie and Freddie are unwed lovers sharing a mansion with marble floors, ornate chandeliers, gold-plated trim and baseboards. Fannie collects Fabergé eggs, gestures dramatically when she speaks. Freddie smells of scotch, likes to gamble. In each episode, the couple hosts a party for Wall Street bigwigs “in their ballroom the size of this split-level,” I tell my father. When discussions of foreclosure arise, Fannie and Freddie are nonchalant. “Let them stay at the Hilton,” they say, seemingly oblivious to the personal hardships of those whose homes they’ve repossessed. “Commercial breaks are for home loans…” my father adds. The camouflage-print bandana he has tied around his bald head is saturated with sweat. “Realize your dreams through home ownership,” I say. But reality ensues in homes like this one, and it rarely matches those dreams. Upon notice of eviction, men and women wander through bedrooms, and living rooms, and kitchens, hurriedly packing up what they can of their belongings. “Lights flicker, televisions turn to static,” I explain. “Power service disconnect,” my father says. I‘m peering over my shoulder now, hoping nosy neighbors won’t mistake my father for a burglar, and me for his accomplice. Or what if the former residents of this home happen to return for something they forgot? The latch snaps. My father crawls through the window, and I prepare the camera, waiting for him to open the front door. *** What we do is called Initial Services: securing the property, completing the “trashout” (removing what remains in the home) and performing the maid service, miscellaneous seasonal maintenance, and an inspection for damages (sometimes homeowners flood or burn their homes in an act of defiance). For three days, we’ll become surrogate-residents of the split-level. The photographs we’ll take before we begin our labor, as well as during and after, will prove to the lenders its transformation. “The photographs have to tell a story,” my father reminds me. “Shoot the address outside. … then the entry way from the front door … the living room … every room … from different angles.” He demonstrates, and I follow him, snapping the photographs in stride. “And get LOTS of the trash!” I photograph the messes we‘ve been wading through, and I open drawers, cupboards, and closets, photographing what’s inside them. The “before” photographs document the story of a homeowner’s departure. Some take with them as much as they can; I’ve photographed ceilings with wires hanging down like frayed nerves from holes where light fixtures were, and walls with gouges the size of a man’s chest where bathtubs once concealed a network of pipes. We decide a family of four or more lived in the split-level, and they took only what could be hauled in armloads – the suitcases are gone, but we find clothes hanging to dry from the shower rod, a couch, bookshelves lined with books and photo albums, children’s drawings taped to the fridge, the shelves inside the freezer filled with moldy TV dinners. In this line of work, most everything becomes trash. We measure the amount in cubic yardage: the washing machine in the garage is one cubic yard, and the projection television anchoring the living room is probably one and a half. The more trash we remove, the more we get paid. But our pay isn’t anything to brag about once we’ve subtracted the costs: fuel, U-Haul rentals, dump fees, our nights at Motel 6, general wear and tear on the pickup – not to mention upon us. Sometimes I’m not entirely sure why we keep doing what we do. We’ll remove two 17ft U-Hauls’ worth of trash from the split-level: we’ll photograph ourselves lifting 68 cubic yards – approximately 3.75 tons – into the truck by hand, and then we’ll take photographs again as we unload it, some of it at local charities, the rest at the dump, where we’ll turn heads, tossing contractor bag after contractor bag over the edge as fast as we can grab hold and let go, and heaving the furniture the charities turned away. It’s probably frowned upon to keep things for ourselves, but I’ll stuff a letter a mother wrote to her daughter into my pocket, anyway, and a child’s drawing of a bird, imagining my creation of a website called Foreclosure’s Lost & Found. We‘ll return to the split-level to photograph our performance of the maid service and to check for any trash we might have neglected to remove before. Every property must be as empty and as spotless – inside and outside – as humanly possible before we take the after photographs. The real Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are picky: no footprints across the floor, not a hair in the sink, not a streak on a windowpane or mirror, not a trace of ash on the sidewalk from where one of us might have stamped out a cigarette. *** “We’ve got to get this damned thing out the door!” my father says. He‘s hunched against the upper half of the split-level’s staircase, bracing the projection television against his back – a Levi’s-clad Atlas holding up the world. I’m squatting above him, gripping the bottom corners of the monstrosity, hoping the slip-grip on my gloves won’t give. Together, we weigh less than the television – it’s at least 300 pounds. If gravity wins, if we let go, it will crash down the stairs, taking us along. Two days ago, when we unloaded furniture at The Salvation Army, the delivery driver said he’d pick up the television but that his insurance “doesn’t cover stairs.” So for two days, we have pretended the television wasn’t here. You’d think that after lifting 3.75 tons (twice) moving a television would be child’s play, but the thing’s sheer magnitude – its potential to project life-sized cinema upon its screen, to frame our reflections in full – lends it substantial animus, as though it were purposefully resisting our efforts to bring this trashout to closure. “Don’t try this at home,” I joke. I support the television with a knee. I grip it with all my strength. *** SJ Dunning as a child Memories of my own childhood home, of my once-whole family, are framed by a flashing television screen. In a video labeled Christmas Eve at Home 1987, my older sister Tyrah and I tear open presents in the living room as my mother spins the knob on the stereo, searching for a station without static. When my father hands her the camcorder, she films Tyrah holding up a boxed Barbie’s Dream House, its cross-section glossy, its walls colorful, every room filled with furniture. “Daddy will have to put that together,” my mother says and then turns her attention to me and the china doll I’m unwrapping. “She’ll get broken,” she warns. “Don’t take her out of the box.” How am I supposed to play with a doll I can’t touch? My parents hand off the camcorder again and my father films my mother as she slides tiny earring-backs onto earrings he bought her, diamonds surrounded by deep red gems. He zooms in on her ear, and she tucks her soft blonde hair out of the way. “They do something in the light,” he says. My mother films my father in his new summer blazer, and he insists it fits him just right. “Everyone gather around Mommy,” my father says. Tyrah and I cozy up to her as our father rests the camcorder on the coffee table and enters the portrait he’s staged. “Smile,” he says, and we do. *** The footage is suspect. I can guide that VHS tape into my VCR, push play, and I’m inside that home, inside that portrait again, but not long after that Christmas, off-screen, my father told me it was over – that he and my mother were getting divorced, that all I once thought to be wound so tightly had come undone. He sat on the steps of the front porch in a T-shirt and cut-off Levi shorts, with his bare feet planted on the bottom step, our two-storey country home rising behind him, its windows placed like eyes. A cigarette dangled from one hand as he gestured with the other, trying to explain what had happened. I sat beside him, wondering what it would mean to hold fire in my hands as he did, what would become of the little girl I knew myself to be within the home behind me (a home I wouldn’t be able to call my own much longer) when the flame he was holding burned out. *** The corners of the television pinch my palms. “Screw Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac!” I say. “Let‘s just leave the damned thing here: ‘Spacious split-level with complimentary television’.” “We‘ve gotten it this far,” my father says through a half-laugh. I ease down a step, letting the television slide toward him. I ease down another step, fearing how this all might end-the television slipping, its screen fracturing, mechanisms of projection spilling across the floor. By a haphazard method involving a nearly empty five-gallon bucket of paint and a block of wood – items we forgot to haul to the dump – and our own sheer will, we manage to get the television down the stairs. We alternate resting it on the bucket, and then on the block of wood, moving it stair by stair until it lands on the floor of the entryway with a thud. “Will it fit through the door?” I ask as if I’ve forgotten what we’ve already maneuvered through this door and so many others. “I’ll unhinge the damned door if I have to!” But we’re able to tilt the television, turn it, and guide it at last over the doormat my father put down over the threshold. If my father isn’t Atlas, he’s MacGyver, I decide: we’re making do. “That’s that,” he says. *** My childhood home stood in the mouth of a canyon in the outskirts of Ellensburg, Washington, a small town in the center of the state – “the Heart of Washington,” according to the local newspaper. The quarter-section of land where it stood can be traced in title transfers back to the 1800s, to the popularity of manifest destiny, to the roots of home ownership as a coveted characteristic of the American Dream. The earliest available record indicates that the US Transcontinental Railroad sold the land to Byron and Stella Chisholm in 1894. Three years later, the Chisholms sold the land to a mortgage company. Information on the heads of the mortgage company is scarce. According to newspaper archives, there was a lawsuit (decided in their favor) about a race track near the river, and one of the two heads of the company was noted for hosting a Euchre party at his home – I imagine poker instead, cigars and scotch. Maybe I am just a cynic, but other records seem to indicate that the pair’s business practices weren’t entirely scrupulous. At one point, for example, they attempted to use their mortgage company to pay off unrelated debts in the Sandwich Islands. Does this behavior suggest a 19th-century prelude to 21st-century predatory lending as I’ve interpreted it? The scenario seems fitting, if not entirely accurate. The mortgage company eventually sold the land in 1911 – fair and square, as far as I can tell – to Francis M Standley. According to a penciled note on one of the home’s original boards, and from what I’ve been able to learn, dizzying myself reading microfiche, the home must have been built by Standley in 1912 – back when homes didn’t have foundations, when insulation was made of newspaper scraps, if there was any insulation at all. My father says Standley might have ordered the home from a Sears catalogue. Sears’s model no. 115 (1908-1914), a 6-room Modern Cottage “with wood foundation, not excavated” bears a close resemblance. My family enters the scene in 1928 – specifically, my grandfather’s second cousin, Lily (Dunning) Pope, and her husband, Gil Pope. The Popes owned the home and raised sheep on the surrounding acreage for the following forty-five years – until Gil died of cancer. My grandfather had been close to the Popes for much of his life; having no children of their own, they considered him a son. Lily sold the property to him and my grandmother after Gil’s death in 1971, and they rented it to friends and family until my parents bought it in 1980, the year Tyrah was born and two years before I entered the scene. *** Lily’s estate sale drew hundreds of buyers. The headline for the article published in the local newspaper described the sale this way: “It was a Great Day for an Auction – Bargains Galore and You Name the Price.” Lily described the event in her journal differently: “This is a day I will never forget, and I never want to go through another like it again.” She stares out from a small photograph in the article, her lips slightly pursed, a cap covering her short white hair, wrinkles running deep around her eyes. Lily relocated to a mobile home set in a field bordering the home where my grandparents lived, a few miles down the road from “the home place”. She recorded the coordinates of her “tin can,“ as she called the mobile home, in the same journal where she recorded the serial numbers of her pistols and rifles and the births and deaths of her animals. According to the newspaper article, the mobile home “had less than enough room for all her possessions”; she took her horses and dogs “and every fine piece of furniture she could fit”. Tyrah and I slept in beds Lily left behind. *** During the first few years of my childhood, the home still had no insulation, no foundation – it couldn‘t hold the heat. My father woke up late one winter night, tiptoed past our bedrooms, and checked the indoor thermometer downstairs, which read 39 degrees, even with the woodstove loaded and hot. The next morning, he cut a pillow-sized hole in the floor beside the chimney so heat would drift directly upstairs where everyone slept. I remember lying near the metal grate he set there, staring through to the floor below, being told I’d fall through if I wasn’t careful, and I remember the makeshift steps that led up to the front door when the house was lifted so the foundation could be poured. By the time of “Christmas Eve at Home 1987”, the house had been set back down and the interior remodels were in progress. It‘s possible to see a large piece of plywood masking a hole in the wall where my father removed the original fireplace – the plywood decorated by pages torn from a coloring book. Insulation is exposed where other sections of wall have yet to be replaced. The doors and windows are new, and plastic covers the lampshades of shiny brass lamps atop matching oak end tables on either side of our new blue shell-backed couch. The living room of my home today is a partial replica of that one-those end tables and that couch have followed me into the present. But, here, on this side of the television screen, I am a spectator; I can no longer believe there is a foundation beneath me that holds everything in place. *** The deed to my childhood home went back to my grandparents after my parents divorced. Friends of the family rented the home until my cousin and his wife bought it recently. But its floors had sloped, and its ceilings were bowed. “I guess you can’t lift a whole home up and expect things not shift when it’s set back down,” my father said. It wasn’t long before my cousin and his wife and two young children moved into a new home they’d had built not twenty feet behind the old house, which still stood there like a grand addition missing only a connective hallway. My cousin’s decision to demolish my childhood home shouldn’t have come as a shock, but it did. Part of me resented him, though I understood he was doing what he believed was best for his family. He said he’d thought about moving it to the nearest field instead: “But I don‘t think it would survive.” “You’d have to tie it up to keep it from falling apart,” was my father’s take. I wanted to believe my father could do it if anyone could, that opening up the walls of that home all those years ago – and seeing how they fit together – had been practice for just such a feat. I pictured it wrapped and ribboned, like Barbie’s Dream House, or like Sears’s model no. 115, sliding heavy into the field. *** Almost 100 years after that home was first assembled it was torn down – January 16th, 2010. I rented a camcorder to document the event. When I entered the living room early that morning, camcorder in hand, I half-heartedly hoped I’d encounter traces of Christmas Eve at Home 1987: Barbie’s Dream House on the floor, perhaps, its rooms filled with furniture, scraps of wrapping paper insulating its cardboard walls. But the light was too low to register anything other than the beam of my flashlight, clouded by breath. Tyrah and I stood in the snow catching windows our father pried loose, my cousin’s oldest son peering curiously through the front window of his home behind us. Throughout the day, we loaded the back of my car with bricks, boards, banister rails – all of which weighted it in the months of snow to follow. I filmed Tyrah removing a layer of wood paneling on the bathroom wall that covered the wallpaper which, she reminded me, had mesmerized us as children. As we’d bathed, as we’d brushed our teeth, as our mother had combed and braided our hair, we‘d projected our family onto the figures framed in its black & white antique newsprint advertisements for remedies and hygiene products. “The bald man in the ad for Dr. Scott’s Electric Hair Brush – $1.00 – was our bald father,” Tyrah said, pointing to him. Our mother was the beauty in profile for Procter & Gamble’s Vegetable Glycerin who wore a floppy-looking hat that resembled the one our mother wore when she gardened. Lily was the woman in the rocker reading a book in the advertisement for The Electropoise Company. “She was reading us a story,” I remembered. Gil was the man with a mustache in profile for Cuticura, a remedy for “humors of the blood and skin”. Tyrah and I were the young girl standing on a rock at the water’s edge in John Collier’s “Water Baby” painting (appropriated by Pears Soap). I studied that figure closely as I tried to peel her off the wall. “I always thought the light shining on the rock behind her was a pair of wings,” I said. When she tore in half, I told my father to take the whole wall. He started his chainsaw. My mother had called at 3:00 a.m., sleepless, asking us to save a door for her – with the hinges. We didn’t ask why she wanted a door, where she might display it. We figured she just wanted closure and believed a door might suffice. We took every door. *** I’d wanted this event to make the local newspaper like Lily’s estate sale had – “Historic Home Demolished” – but it was to be strictly a family affair. My father performed half the demolition. I stood inside the living room and filmed him through a jagged frame of splintered boards where a wall used to be, and Tyrah snapped photographs from a variety of angles. Without a mask to protect him from the insulation spilling from the walls and filling the air like static on a television, our father worked the excavator with both hands, both feet, pulling at the layers of our home, shaking the floor beneath us, reaching further, not yet telling us to get out. I remembered “Christmas Eve at Home 1987” and my mother’s warnings: “Leave the doll in her box,” she’d said. She’d kept the plastic on the lampshades, too – as if she’d somehow sensed this was coming. “Not many people get to stand inside a home while it’s demolished,” Tyrah shouted over the clamor of the excavator. “It feels like an earthquake.” I zoomed in and out on the scene, imagining the footage as a continuation of the scene my parents had filmed, the cinematic equivalent of double exposure-two disparate scenes framed as one by a fluke of light. *** The debris from the demolition didn’t fit into the hole my cousin had dug the day before for its burial. He drenched the mangled heap with gasoline and lit it with a torch. My father carefully nudged the trail of debris into the hole as it burned-the excavator’s arm an extension of his own. In the photograph my father took of Tyrah and me later that evening, we stand four feet apart, facing each other. We are hinged at our hips, our arms forming a roof above our heads, our hands palm to palm-an apex. We are a silhouette the shape of our own once-home ablaze behind us. Tyrah took a photograph of our father standing ten feet from the fire, his back to the camera, his arms straight above his head. He is a beam, a candle-the flames live and leaping high above his fingertips. What shape would my mother have made if she‘d been there, beside him? Rocks exploded in the embers like gunfire. I told Tyrah that Lily was shooting all her pistols and rifles from beyond the grave – whether in commemoration or defense of her property I refused to decide. My father spoke eloquently when I asked how it felt to tear down what he and my mother had worked so hard all those years to prevent from falling apart: “I could see the old and what we once considered was the new…the layers blended together as time rushed through it once more.” And I wonder, as I study the remains of the bathroom wall hanging above my television today, if what has become of my childhood home had been written there all along as we bathed, as we brushed our teeth, as all that water rushed from unseen places in the walls and swirled down drains behind the figures whose faces Tyrah and I pretended were ours, and we just didn’t know how to read it yet. There is no remedy for the passage of time – no magical hair brushes, no jars of Vegetable Glycerin, no bars of soap, no turns of the faucet. Not unlike the pages of the newspaper my father nightly crumpled, whatever we didn’t one day cut out of this home was destined to be reduced to ash. There we had stood, warmed by the flames, their reflections, like our own, flashing upon wet mud. *** The Salvation Army truck arrives as my father and I roll the giant television down the sidewalk. The truck is a hefty white steed branded with a large red badge I initially see as a heart. The driver backs the truck in front of the garage. He nods hello to us as he walks to open the trailer, his jeans baggy, cuffs frayed from dragging upon the ground. My father helps him strap the television to a dolly. Once the television is inside, my father releases his grip. The driver straps it to a bar lining the trailer’s wall, steps down, nods goodbye. I pull a cigarette from my pack, hand it to my father, and pull out another for myself. If only the loss of home really could be measured this way, I think – in washing machines and televisions. If only there was a message of condolence that could do that loss justice, and a fleet of baggy-jeaned angels who could haul it away on a big white steed branded with a heart. I wish foreclosure was just an absurd soap opera – that one could change the channel – and if there is a dream to be realized through home ownership, I wish that such a dream‘s realization could prove to be as good as the dream itself had been. I know my father is thinking this too as he watches The Salvation Army truck merge onto the street and takes off his gloves. *** From foreclosed homes, we‘ve removed books like So, You Want a Divorce? Do it Yourself and Understanding Human Behavior and Practical Problem Solver. Perhaps the abandonment of these books tells the same story as books chronicling the mortgage crisis and foreclosure have told: the loss of a home, as I’ve come to know it, is, indeed, a default, a meltdown, a fall. But is there a way to analyze comprehensively the so-called trash my father and I have hauled away from foreclosures, or the human behaviors and foibles that might instigate the loss of a home – no matter the circumstances of that loss? As a child, I believed my home was braced and battened, strong enough to shield me from all calamities. What book could have soothed me when that belief was shaken? What book might my father have read from all those years ago to explain what would happen once we left? And what words might bring me solace now? That place is gone. Who am I without it? We couldn’t endure this labor if we weren’t once-removed from the heartbreak. I don’t think we could even feign the strength required to overhear some other father tell his daughter that he isn’t really Atlas or MacGyver, that he can‘t hold her home, her world-his dream for her-together anymore, that he can’t save the day with the tools beneath the canopy of his pickup. I take the photographs of our labor with artistic intent. I zoom in as my father muscles appliances and televisions into U-Hauls. I zoom in upon his calloused hands gripping contractor bags, wiping windowpanes and mirrors, placing new keys into lockboxes – evidence of a supposed transformation. I suspect the people reviewing these photographs for Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, hundreds of miles away from where we labor, won‘t think twice about their quality, let alone about the deeper story I want the photographs to tell – the story of a dream’s inadequacies, so often taken out with the trash. *** Once we’ve taken the “after” photographs, secured the split-level, and loaded our equipment beneath the canopy, we climb into my father’s pickup, and he types the address of the Motel 6 near tomorrow‘s foreclosure into his GPS with an un-clicked pen. “I hope our friend Tom Bodett forgot to turn off the light again,” he jokes. “Proceed to the nearest road,” the GPS says. My father shifts the pickup into gear, and I realize this must be why we keep doing what we do: we could be at any address on any road, and these homes we drive away from-and the stories of those who once lived in them-both are and are not our own. This business of foreclosure has become a business for closure. But into how many homes must I watch my father break and enter? Onto how many of foreclosure’s forgotten television screens must I project my own memories of loss, before I am able to stop the loop, push eject? No matter how I frame them, won’t all renderings of that place I once called home eventually turn to static? Hotel California, a makeshift holding cell where US soldiers in Afghanistan kept enemy combatants that they had captured. The Hotel California By Steve Carlsen I put my fleece watch cap on under my helmet as I walked over to the Hotel California. It was two in the morning and freezing cold. I wanted desperately to go back to sleep. The Hotel California was a make shift holding cell where we kept enemy combatants that we had captured. The prisoners were usually held for a couple of days while they were being interrogated by U.S. Government Spooks. When the prisoners were no longer full of useful information, a helicopter would fly out to our remote mountain outpost and pick up the prisoners, and fly them to a bigger base in Afghanistan and eventually on to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The Hotel California got its name from the Eagles song. A hand painted sign hanging above the door that said “Welcome to the Hotel California. You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave.“ It was my shift to pull guard. I looked at the two men that stood in front of me shivering from fear and from the cold. They both had sandbags over their heads. Their hands were zip tied behind their backs and their feet were zip tied together to prevent them from running away. It was December and cold in the mountains. I could see my breath when I exhaled. The two men shook uncontrollably. They were completely naked. One of them had shit himself. He had shit on the back of his legs and there was shit on the ground. He was standing in it, and he was crying. *** The Spooks oversaw the combat outpost. There were just a few of them, high ranking members of a secret US Government alphabet agency. But we did the grunt work. We kicked in the doors, went into the compounds, captured the militants. We died and got wounded in the process, and those of us who survived, we guarded the prisoners. They gave the orders, they got the credit. My orders were to splash the prisoners with water every few minutes and make sure they never got dry. I was told to intimidate them by yelling and to hit them with the barrel or the butt stock of my machine gun. “Scare the hell out of ‘em,“ the Spook said as he put his cigarette out on the chest of one of the prisoners. I stood there and watched the two prisoners of war. The Spooks believed that these two prisoners were part of the Christmas day assault on the outpost that I had survived several days prior. They wanted us to break these men. Break their spirit and their will to live. The one that had shit himself stood there shaking. He would let out an occasional sob like a child that had cried himself to sleep. I could tell by his actions that he was either young or not as hardened as his partner in crime. I refused to follow the orders. I refused to splash them with water, it was too f--king cold. I refused to hit a man who was completely naked, zip tied with a sandbag over his head and suffering from hypothermia. I was not opposed to knocking someone‘s teeth out with the butt stock of my machine gun. I had done it in the past, but these men were tied up and helpless. I sat there in silence trying to stay warm, wondering what thoughts might be running through their heads. Fear of the unknown. They probably thought they would be executed. If the situation was reversed I knew they would execute me by slowly cutting my head off with a big knife. They must have thought they were alone. The quiet hajji said something to the one that had shit himself. I ran the few feet to him and grabbed the sandbag that was covering his head and shook it violently. “Shut the f--k up,“ I screamed as I threw him to the ground. “Shut the f--k up or I‘ll kill you.“ I put the barrel of my machinegun to his head. “Do not mistake my kindness for weakness.“ The Haji repeated a prayer over and over as I dragged him to his feet. The hajji that had shit himself began to cry out loud. I grabbed the sandbag on his head and shook it once and said. “Shut the f--k up now!“ I sat back down. I looked at my watch. The two-hour shift was only half over. The sky was clear and there were more stars in the sky than I had ever seen in my life. I lit a cigarette and took a long drag and inhaled deep. I exhaled and watched hajjis. The one was still crying and it was beginning to get on my nerves. The other one held his composure. He was trying to be strong. He wasn‘t shaking. I figured the adrenalin rush he had from me getting in his face must have made him oblivious to the cold. I smoked the cigarette down to the filter, then rolled the butt between my fingers to get rid of the ash and what little tobacco was left and put it in my pocket. I saw the bottle of water out of the corner of my eye and thought about throwing water on them, but I couldn‘t justify it. It was so f--king cold and they were probably at the lowest point in their lives and I didn‘t see how it would help the situation. I heard footsteps behind me and turned and saw the sergeant of the guard walking up. He asked me if I had a cigarette. I lied and told him I just smoked my last one. I never liked the sergeant. He was in another platoon and he was a d--k from the time he woke up till the time he went to sleep. He was a sadistic f--k. I saw him throw a zip tied hajji out the back of a speeding Humvee. When they took hajji to the medic for a fractured skull, he told the medic that hajji had jumped out of the truck. He walked over to the prisoners and slapped them both in the face. The one that shit himself started to cry again. “How come they‘re dry,“ he shouted. “Have you been throwing water on them?“ “No Sergeant,“ I said. “No one told me to.“ He started to get pissed because the prisoners were dry. “You gotta‘ keep them wet,“ he said, throwing water on them. The hajji that shit himself began to cry louder and that pissed the sergeant off more. “Shut the f--k up,“ the Sergeant said, first hitting the hajji in the side of the head with his fist, then kicking him in the nuts with the toe of his boot. Hajji screamed, lurched forward and fell flat on his face. The sergeant of the guard jumped on top of him and punched him repeatedly in the head and body. Haji screamed at the top of his lungs during the attack. Finely tired, the sergeant got up off the ground and kicked hajji once more. “F--king faggot pussy,“ the sergeant said as he pulled out a cigarette and lit it and walked away as if nothing had happened. The Hajji that had shit himself laid on the ground. He was cradled in pain, moaning, rolling back and forth. His dick was bleeding. The Hajji‘s wails attracted attention and a medic came over to see what was wrong. I told the medic what the sergeant of the guard had done while he worked on the prisoner. The medic took the sandbag off hajji‘s head and I saw his face for the first time. The Hajji that had shit himself was obviously retarded. His eyes looked out of opposite corners of his eyelids, like a reverse of cross eyed. His nose was pushed up his face and his cleft lip exposed his nostrils and what few teeth he had in his mouth. He moaned and cried out in pain as the medic examined him. “He has a severed urethra,“ the medic said. “The tube that piss comes out of is severed inside his penis.“ With bare hands, I held a white gauze bandage on the haji‘s penis trying to stop the bleeding. The medic gave him a shot of something to help the pain. The white gauze turned dark red and his blood felt warm in my bare hand. Time passed. The Spooks came and another medic gave the retarded hajji more medical attention. They cut the zip ties off both the hajjis and took the sandbags off their heads. They gave them their clothes back and let them get dressed. The spooks apologized for arresting the wrong people. They said that America was grateful for their cooperation and understanding. They gave the hajjis several hundred dollars apiece to help smooth things over. They walked the father and his retarded son to the front gate and released them. I watched the father help his son hobble away. *** The Spooks came over and started asking me questions. They took me into a room with a desk and two chairs. There was a single glairing light bulb hanging from a bare wire. It reminded me of a spy movie. The Spooks told me that the sergeant of the guard had told them that I was abusing the prisoners. I told them my side of the story. They acted like they believed me. “Do you really believe that, that retarded hajji had something to do with the Christmas day attack.“ I said it sarcastically. “He can‘t even f--king talk.“ This was nothing I had ever signed up for. The spook handed me a piece of paper. “Sign it,“ he said, staring directly at me. I defiantly met his stare, then looked away. I read the paper. It said I was not allowed to talk to anyone or write anything about what I had seen, or the name and location of the firebase, or the names of any person or Government affiliation involved. By signing my name, I would be agreeing that none of this happened and if I talked I would go to prison. They made me write my name, and my social security number on the piece paper, and they wanted my parent‘s home address in case they ever needed to find me. I didn‘t have a choice so I signed my name, and just like that six months of my life no longer existed. I never saw a retarded hajji with a sandbag over his head, his hands tied behind his back, lying on the ground bleeding from his dick. Steve Carlsen in his US army days The Zatenge Church By Steve Carlsen The old church stood grey as the sky from which the rain fell. All that remained of what it once stood for was a tall steeple reaching heavenward. Built by the hands of man, every stone had been reverently placed to pay homage and glory to God. Now bricks and mortar fill the void that once held colorful stain glass windows. The large wooden doors chained shut, are locked with a heavy bolt, a spray of bullet holes is testament to the violent history of this old house of worship. Surrounding the church on three sides is the cemetery. A limestone statue of the Blessed Mother stands amongst the headstones. Weathered by the elements and time, her once delicately carved features are as worn as the headstones she watches over. A tall tree line around the cemetery creates a natural barrier. On the outside perimeter, two rows of triple stacked concertina wire prevent any unwanted visitors. Thirty feet inside the perimeter, facing the trees, is a daisy chain of claymore mines waiting to welcome anyone that makes it through the razor wire. *** The ethnic cleansing that went on in Kosovo, the former republic of Yugoslavia, during the 1990s was largely based on religion. Christian Serbians living in Kosovo, with help from the Serbian government, attacked Muslim Albanians also living in Kosovo. The Christian Serbians were the minority in Kosovo at the time, and quickly found the tables turned when the majority, Muslim Albanians retaliated against their attacks. They killed each other, blowing up schools, churches, mosques and entire neighborhoods. Neither group was by any means innocent. Digging mass graves, they would execute an entire town by slitting the inhabitants’ throats or shooting them in the head. Women and young girls were brutally gang raped. When the soldiers were done rapping their victim they would usually kill them, but it became common to allow young girls to live. After the rape, soldiers would stomp on the girl’s stomach, and pelvis, crushing their pubic bone and hips, preventing them from ever having children and causing them to walk with a limp for the rest of their life. *** All churches, schools, and mosques in Kosovo had to be guarded twenty-four hours a day. Our sector had two churches. The more dangerous church was The Zatenge Church. Seven miles from base camp, instead of rotating guard shifts and risking the daily journey, we lived on the small OP for a month at a time. In late February, our platoon drew the short straw and we were assigned The Zatenge Church. We sullenly packed up our gear and drove seven miles into the country side, past bombed out houses that stood as sullen reminders to the recent war, arriving eventually at the small outpost that we would call home for the next four weeks. “You don’t know how glad we are to see you,” the soldier guarding the gate said. A group of men gathered around our trucks. Their faces looked tired and disheveled. They reminded me of castaways on a deserted island. “There are ghosts here, this place is haunted. I ain’t shit’in you.” They shook their heads in unison and started talking all at once, each man telling his own story of ghosts and supernatural happenings. They told stories of bodies and skeletons in the grave yard. Three of them swore that they saw the statue of Mary walking around after dark. “I shot her with my M4, swear to God.” “After he shot her, she ran back and climbed on her stone base.” “We’re not f--king with you. All three of us saw it.” Fear was written on their faces. Their stories were hard to believe, but it was evident that they were convinced they had seen something. The men helped us unload our gear and gave us a tour of the small compound. Two olive drab GP medium tents would be our sleeping quarters. They were crammed with cots lining the walls. Each soldier was assigned foot locker. Centerfolds from Hustler and Penthouse hung inside the tent. This was a man’s environment, harsh and dirty - the only women that could thrive here were the ones on our walls. *** A GP large tent served as our chow hall and recreation area. Neatly tucked into one corner of the tent was a white plastic picnic table, a refrigerator filled with soda, a freezer filled with frozen pizzas, and a microwave that had never been cleaned. Four bag chairs sat next to the picnic table, arranged in a row facing a TV tuned to the Armed Forces Network. The other three quarters of the tent was set up like a gym. There was a treadmill and a weight bench and ten thousand pounds of weights. The Lieutenant giving the tour stopped and pointed to the weight bench. “This is where I saw the thing.” “What thing?” “I don’t know. It sat there with its back to me, hunched over sitting on the weight bench. I watched it for a few seconds and then it vanished.” “Good thing you guys are being replace by the ghost busters,” I said. We all laughed. He led us back outside into the drizzle and showed us the guard towers, motor pool, and fuel point. There were hundreds of black crows cawing in the trees surrounding the cemetery. He showed us, too, the perimeter and the placement of the claymores. We had to yell over the noise of the birds. “The crows show up when it rains. The water erodes the graves. Sometimes old bones or a body gets washed out. The crows will pick pieces of flesh off whatever washes up and eat it.” “This place is a f--king Edgar Allen Poe story.” The Lieutenant reached into his pocket and pulled out a large key with a parachute cord. He unlocked the oversized lock, pulling free the chain holding the large wooden doors. The church was empty, no pews, no organ, nothing, nothing but mold and bullet holes on one wall. “Story goes… the Albanians lined everyone up on the wall one Sunday, men, women and children. F--kin killed em’ all. Retaliation because the Serbs blew up a school or something.” We stared at each other in amazement. Soldiers trained to kill without a second thought were terrified of this place. We left the church. Outside, I walked over to the statue of the Virgin Mary. I watched the ground to make sure I didn’t step on a body. Headstones were strewed about. I stared at the statue of the Virgin. Her hands were folded in prayer. In the center of her chest was a bullet hole, the white pock mark contrasted against the grey, weathered stone. *** I sat in the guard tower over the front gate. The rain had stopped, briefly, the air cold and heavy with moisture. Through the fog, I saw the labored gate of a lone figure, slowly trudging its way up the hill towards the church. I watched the silhouette grow the closer it got to me. I climbed out of the guard tower and walked over to the gate. A woman in her mid-twenties greets me in Serbian. “Zdravo.” Even a beautiful woman couldn’t make this language sexy. When she talked, it sounded like she was hawking loogies. Dirty fucking language, I thought to myself. “Hi. Are you the cleaning lady?” She had been through the drill before. She saw a new face on this gate every four weeks. She smiled. It was a kind gentle smile. She was missing some teeth. She reached into a pocket of her sweater with her left hand and pulled out a yellow and white KFOR ID card. I look at the picture, then at her. She was holding a brown paper bag in her right arm. She set the bag on a bench and removed the shawl covering it. Self-conscious, she tried to hide her right arm from me. Her hand was missing just above the wrist. She had scars on her arm, a hack job. The missing hand and limp were courtesy of an Albanian gang rape. The brown paper bag had ten fresh baked loaves of bread in it. She smiled and handed me a warm loaf. I smiled and thanked her - this girl, not much older than me, butchered and damned, her life completely devastated by war and hate. I grabbed the radio hand mike and pressed the button. It beeped. “The cleaning lady is here. I’m letting her in.” The radio beeped again. “Is she hot, does she have big tits?” I looked at her again – the grimace on her face every time she took a step - the teeth that were busted out of her head, the brutal rape she had endured, her shattered hips and pelvis, her missing hand. She smiled again showing me her missing teeth. I pressed the button on the hand mike and said, “She’s miss congeniality.” *** Soy Sauce was born in Japan and immigrated to Hawaii with his family when he was young. We used to f--k with him about being Japanese and living in Hawaii, and Pearl Harbor. He was very superstitious. He said it was an Asian thing. It was how he was raised. He was the first person in our platoon to see a ghost. Screaming into the radio, he said there was a ghost in the tower with him. He was hysterical, walking around in circles, chain smoking cigarettes. He refused to get back in the guard tower. They told him he would be court marshaled for disobeying an order, but his fear would not allow him to follow the order. His slanted eyes were round with fear, he couldn’t stop shaking and mumbling. We laughed at him. None of us had ever seen anyone so scared. “F--k you, you don’t believe me. F--k you.” It was the middle of the night. They told him to go get something to drink and eat a pizza. They told him when he calmed down they would put him in a different tower. He refused to be alone. He was the first, but not the last to succumb to the fear of the Zatenge Church. Our twelve-hour guard shifts passed slowly, each hour felt like a day. Every man did his time is solitary confinement different. Some chain-smoked cigarettes, inhaling smoke every time they took a breath, going hours without breathing fresh air. Boredom and complacency constantly tugged at our eye lids, beckoning us to give up the fight and go to sleep. Some men read books and magazines to make the time pass. Others did pushups or masturbated. All of us stared blankly out the windows of the guard tower for hours. Eyes bloodshot and clothes smelling like smoke, we climbed out of our cells, and tired we stumbled toward the chow tent or towards our cots. *** Miss Congeniality plunged a rag into a bucket of soap and water, rung it out with her left hand, and tossed the rag on the white picnic table. She used her nub, what was left of her right arm to scrub at a spot of dried pizza sauce. Her hair, black as the crows in the trees over the graveyard, was hidden under a bonnet. She wore a faded blue, simple homemade dress and an apron that was grey from being washed in the river. She cleaned the entire kitchen, everything except the microwave. She probably didn’t know what it was. She helped herself to a can of soda in the fridge, the one fringe benefit of her job. Putting it in her pocket, she didn’t open it. She took it home to drink later. She cleaned our bathroom and showers, taking any bars of soap that were left behind. She was not a thief. She knew that if she left them, they would go in the trash. She was poor and supported her entire family with this job. She would use the left-over soap. She came twice a week, Tuesdays and Thursdays, limping up to the front gate, always with fresh baked loaves of bread. No one ever gave her money for the bread. She never asked for any. She had a motherly way about her, even though she was just a few years older than us. We gave her things, things we were going to throw away, worn out running shoes, half empty bottles of shampoo, socks with holes. She always smiled her toothless smile. I think that was why she brought the bread. I took a picture of her once. She was outside the chow tent empting a bucket of water. She had on the faded blue dress and apron she wore every day, her hair under a bonnet. She saw the camera in my hand, put the bucket down, stood up straight and looked at me without smiling. I got the film developed in Vitina a few days later. When she came to work that day, I gave her the picture I had taken. She cried. I felt like shit. A few hours after, she left for home. She returned toward the end of my shift. I saw her limping back up the hill towards the church. There was a man and three children with her. I walked over to the gate. She was wearing a green homemade dress without an apron, and a white knitted shawl. I asked, “Is this your family?” I knew she wanted me to take their picture. They were all dressed in their best cloths. Her husband wore faded corduroy pants and a brown sweater. She had two boys and a girl. I positioned them where the old church and the barbed wire wouldn’t be in the picture. I used up an entire roll of film and gave her all thirty-two pictures I had taken. She sat at the white picnic table and looked at them. Holding the photos to her breasts, she sobbed. *** The rain fell in torrents and I was glad I was in the guard tower. The church was blurred by the precipitation. I read a book trying stave off boredom. It was no use. I was going stir crazy in an eight by eight prison cell. When the rain finely stopped, the big black crows flew out of the trees and picked at something near the fence. I called it up on the radio, and they told me to go check it out. I lit a cigarette and walked down the hill toward the birds. They were cawing and making a ruckus, tearing at pieces of flesh and fighting over what was on the ground. When I got close, I threw a rock and the crows scattered. Caught in the barbed wire was a rotted human torso and most of an arm. Rib bones were visible through holes in the flesh. The arm was held on by rotten bits of skin and decomposing muscle. I yelled up to the nearest guard tower. “It’s a f--king body.” I looked back at the torso. Most of the organs were gone, eaten by the birds. Soy Sauce walked down the hill carrying a shovel. He said, “Sarge says to put it back in its grave.” I thought I was going to puke. I stuck the shovel under the torso and picked it up. It fell off the shovel. When it hit the ground, the arm ripped off. Soy Sauce threw up. “Fuck you,” I screamed at the top of my lungs, to no one and everyone. “Fuck you for making me pick up a body like its dog shit.” *** Lost in thought, I watched the rain through the windows of the guard tower. Most of us don’t give a f--k about this place. We don’t care about Kosovo, the people or this f--king church. We are doing our time, until our parole is granted and we are sent home. Only later in our lives will we look back and allow our thoughts dwell on this place. This place the rest of the world forgot. We are young men, in our late teens and early twenties, cutting our teeth on life. Old age is a long way off, but old age comes quickly even for young men. Regret makes the heart ache. All the good you have done never seems good enough. The violence is still something we don’t fully understand. It is impossible for us to wrap our minds around. The hundreds of thousands of people tortured and murdered, all civilians because they call their God by a different name. No wonder there are ghosts and demons here. Each has a story to tell, each as tragic as the next. This church, this empty house of worship was built as a sanctuary where God and man came together. God is all but forgotten, no longer trusted to protect and watch over His people. The only time the church is used is when someone dies. Superstition compels them to bury their dead. None of the nameless dead buried here will be nominated as a saint. Each corpse is piled one on top of another as prayers are said, and the heavy chain goes back on the heavy doors, and the church is locked. The body lies in the ground, but never rests in peace. There is no peace here. The body lies in limbo, between heaven and hell, waiting for the next heavy rain, when it will be regurgitated by the ground. Only then will it fly with the birds. scarlsen2@hotmail.com        Subscribe.   Click here to sign up to the Irish Times Book Club More from The Irish Times Books Hennessy Literary Awards 2017 Emerging Poetry winner: Crouched Burial by Una Mannion Music Melanie C: A Spice Girls reunion? Not without all five People Why Rock Against Homelessness matters Opinion Absurd Policeman – An Irishman’s Diary about Flann O’Brien and bicycles Sponsored Voyage into Heaney country at HomePlace, Northern Ireland’s latest cultural magnet Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. The Book Club Click to join in the discussion about this month's author: Michael Collins   Hennessy short story of the month The wind that danced the tilia trees, by Michael McGlade   Most Read in Culture 1 Six of the best films to see at the cinema this weekend 2 The Boss Baby may remind you of Donald Trump. But that’s just a coincidence 3 Unthinkable: The Islamic thinker who ‘proved’ God exists 4 Fear Eats the Soul - Rainer Fassbinder’s masterpiece is as timely and affecting as ever 5 The Autopsy of Jane Doe: darker, nastier and smarter that your average horror Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Short stories Mr Salary – a short story by Sally Rooney Yan Ge short story: The writer who lives in a suitcase The Boatman, a short story by Billy O’Callaghan Book reviews John McGahern explored in erudite yet accessible study Alex White on Justin Keating's Nothing Is Written in Stone Larchfield review: John Boyne on a 'passionate and surprising debut' Life after Life review: Paddy Armstrong’s painful Guildford Four memoir Edith & Oliver review: Illusions of grandeur Sign up to the weekly Irish Times books newsletter for features, podcasts and more Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up I would also like to receive occasional update emails from The Irish Times New poetry Hennessy Literary Awards 2017 Emerging Poetry winner: Crouched Burial by Una Mannion Hennessy New Irish Writing winning poems: March 2017 Poetry: Rise and Fall Great reads From crosswords to great wines and the best bits from The Irish Times - Buy an Irish Times Book today Brought to Book ‘Writing is a good way to process what’s going on in your own life’ Kate Hamer Q&A: ‘Write the story that is burning inside you’ Women writers Putting Irish women writers back in the picture   Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 31/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ MediaCom Dominates the Festival of Media Global Awards Shortlist MediaCom Dominates the Festival of Media Global Awards Shortlist donderdag 30 maart 2017 12:12 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire ROME, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Award winners to be announced on the evening of 8 May at the Rome Cavalieri, Italy  Celebrating the very best in media excellence from around the world, the Festival of Media Global Awards today announced its revered shortlist [http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en ]. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) Agency network MediaCom is way out in front with a huge 51 shortlisted entries in comparison to its nearest competitor Mindshare, who itself has an impressive figure of 31. Other networks doing significantly well include Starcom, OMD, PHD and UM with 27, 26, 23 and 21 respectively. In terms of agency office Starcom USA is leading the way with an impressive 14 shortlisted entries, wtih Touche! PHD Canada, MediaCom UK and MediaCom New Zealand following close behind with 11, 10 and eight respectively. Blazing the trail for independent agencies is MediaPlus Germany, which has collected seven shortlisted nominations, while PHD China also posted the same number. A record number of entries has ensured a fantastic geographical reach with the US posting 37 entries, UK 36, China 16 and Australia, Germany and India 15 each. The campaigns dominating the shortlist include a trio from MediaCom 'Sea Hero Quest' and 'Missing Type' and 'Check me before you turn the key' who have six, five and four nominations across the board. 'Girl Emojis' by Starcom and 'The effect of speaking beautifully' from Mindshare are each shortlisted in four categories. The winners will be decided by the Festival of Media Global Awards final jury [http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en ] meeting in Rome on Sunday 7 May. Members of the illustrious jury panel for 2017 will be driven and lead by Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G and Sarah Mansfield, VP global media Europe and Americas, Unilever. The winners' announcement will take place on Monday 8 May as part of the Festival of Media Global conference at the Rome Cavalieri, Rome, Italy. More information about the conference and how to book your ticket can be found here [http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en#tickets ]. All shortlisted campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com About C Squared   C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has 4 major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 3,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards and the popular media training course, IMM. The company also owns Cream which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc #FOMG17   @FestivalOfMedia  Contacts  Tickets: Komla Ayewoh, global lead commercial partners +44(0)-20-7367-6464, komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc Awards: Christina Liessem, head of awards +44(0)20-7367-6993, christina.liessem@csquared.cc Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg Festival of Media Global Awards PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Think Tanks and Peacebuilding NGOs Meet in Tokyo, Highlight Opportunities to Address Conflict and Fragility Worldwide vrijdag 31 maart 2017 09:03 Euro Media Group kondigt de benoeming van een interim CEO aan vrijdag 31 maart 2017 09:02 DSM - Repurchase of Shares (24-30 March 2017) vrijdag 31 maart 2017 09:01 More Than 10,000 Chinese Worship Legendary Ancestor in Zhengzhou vrijdag 31 maart 2017 05:34 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Apple, Wal-Mart Stick With Climate Pledges Despite Trump’s Pivot by Christopher Flavelle @cflav More stories by Christopher Flavelle March 30, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT March 30, 2017, 3:07 PM EDT Companies to keep promise to Obama on reducing carbon use Some businesses voice disappointment Trump axed climate plan Apple, Wal-Mart Stick With Climate Pledges to Obama Many of America’s biggest corporations including Apple Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are sticking by their pledges to fight climate change even as President Donald Trump guts his predecessor’s environmental policies. Companies say their promises, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come.  “This work is embedded in our business,” Wal-Mart spokesman Kevin Gardner said in an email. It’s “good for the business, our shareholders and customers; if ultimately we are able to positively impact the environment in the process, that’s a win too.” Wal-Mart was one of 81 companies that promised to reduce emissions in the run up to the 2015 Paris global climate negotiations. The company upped its targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025.  QuickTake What Trump’s Climate Views Might Mean Trump signed an order Tuesday that tells the Environmental Protection Agency to reconsider former President Barack Obama’s climate rules, and rescinds a series of orders Obama issued to embed consideration of climate change in government actions from where to lease buildings to whether to allow oil pipelines to be built. Read More: Trump Sweeps Away Climate Rules Vowing ‘New Energy Revolution’ Companies need to move ahead on the climate change front no matter what Trump’s government does, Geoffrey M. Heal, a professor at Columbia Business School, said in a telephone interview. "They don’t have the luxury of denying," Gina McCarthy, head of the EPA under Obama, said on Bloomberg Television. "They have to invest wisely." Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Business’s biggest lobbying force supports Trump on this issue. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce welcomed Trump’s order calling that shift “vital to stimulating economic growth.” The group argues that Obama’s regulations held back economic growth, preventing business owners from constructing needed pipelines, roads and other infrastructure. It also warned that the climate push would lead to a jump in energy prices. But many of the group’s members and other corporate titans supported Obama’s Clean Power Plan, or have set their own goals. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s largest beer-maker, also announced Tuesday that it would get 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. Nearly 90 companies have made similar pledges, according to the Sierra Club. "We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted," General Electric Co.’s Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Immelt, wrote in an internal blog post shared by the company. "We hope that the United States continues to play a constructive role in furthering solutions to these challenges, and at GE, we will continue to lead with our technology and actions." Mars Inc., the maker of M&M’s, committed to eliminating its emissions entirely by 2040. Andy Pharoah, vice president of corporate affairs, said that Mars is “disappointed the administration has decided to roll back climate regulations.” ‘American competitiveness’ Technology companies including Apple, Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc.’s Google and Microsoft Corp. also expressed their support for Obama’s policies. “We believe that strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change while also supporting American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth,” the companies said in a joint statement after Trump’s order was signed. Other companies, while stopping short of criticizing the Trump administration, said they would keep pursuing lower emissions in their own operations. Procter & Gamble, Nestle Inc., Ikea, Levi Strauss & Co. and Best Buy Co., which all signed the 2015 pledge organized by the Obama administration, said they still intended to honor their commitments. Trump Says Executive Order Ushers 'New Era' in Energy “We will continue to integrate sustainability into our business practices, operations, innovation, brand building and culture,” Damon Jones, a spokesman for Procter & Gamble said. Read More: Trump’s Order Won’t Resurrect Jobs of Miners Key to His Campaign Many energy businesses welcomed Trump’s rollback. The Independent Petroleum Association of America, which represents oil and natural gas producers, joined the Chamber of Commerce in praising his move. So did the National Federation of Independent Business, which challenged the Clean Power Plan in court. “People are going to freeze in the dark because of the destruction of the reliable electric power grid under Obama and the Democrats,” Robert Murray, the president and CEO of coal-mining company Murray Energy Corp. said in an interview. “Mr. Trump is doing the right things.” Some environmental groups cautioned that action from the private sector, wasn’t enough to make up for the pullback in federal policy. “Policy is going to be required to get us where we need to be,” said Karen Palmer, research director at Resources for the Future. Watch Next: Trump Says Executive Order Ushers 'New Era' in Energy Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Now the World's Second Richest Person This Is Why Australia Hasn't Had a Recession in Over 25 Years This Chinese Stock Soared 4,500% on Nasdaq and No One Knows Why FBI Visits Office of Saipan Casino Run by Trump Protege SpaceX Pulls Off First Reused Rocket Mission in Musk Triumph Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska MediaCom Dominates the Festival of Media Global Awards Shortlist News provided by Festival of Media Global Awards Mar 30, 2017, 06:10 ET Share this article ROME, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Award winners to be announced on the evening of 8 May at the Rome Cavalieri, Italy  Celebrating the very best in media excellence from around the world, the Festival of Media Global Awards today announced its revered shortlist.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) Agency network MediaCom is way out in front with a huge 51 shortlisted entries in comparison to its nearest competitor Mindshare, who itself has an impressive figure of 31. Other networks doing significantly well include Starcom, OMD, PHD and UM with 27, 26, 23 and 21 respectively. In terms of agency office Starcom USA is leading the way with an impressive 14 shortlisted entries, wtih Touche! PHD Canada, MediaCom UK and MediaCom New Zealand following close behind with 11, 10 and eight respectively. Blazing the trail for independent agencies is MediaPlus Germany, which has collected seven shortlisted nominations, while PHD China also posted the same number. A record number of entries has ensured a fantastic geographical reach with the US posting 37 entries, UK 36, China 16 and Australia, Germany and India 15 each. The campaigns dominating the shortlist include a trio from MediaCom 'Sea Hero Quest' and 'Missing Type' and 'Check me before you turn the key' who have six, five and four nominations across the board. 'Girl Emojis' by Starcom and 'The effect of speaking beautifully' from Mindshare are each shortlisted in four categories. The winners will be decided by the Festival of Media Global Awards final jury meeting in Rome on Sunday 7 May. Members of the illustrious jury panel for 2017 will be driven and lead by Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G and Sarah Mansfield, VP global media Europe and Americas, Unilever. The winners' announcement will take place on Monday 8 May as part of the Festival of Media Global conference at the Rome Cavalieri, Rome, Italy. More information about the conference and how to book your ticket can be found here. All shortlisted campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com/ About C Squared   C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has 4 major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 3,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards and the popular media training course, IMM. The company also owns Cream which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc #FOMG17   @FestivalOfMedia  Contacts  Tickets: Komla Ayewoh, global lead commercial partners +44(0)-20-7367-6464, komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc Awards: Christina Liessem, head of awards +44(0)20-7367-6993, christina.liessem@csquared.cc SOURCE Festival of Media Global Awards My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: MediaCom Dominates the Festival of Media Global Awards Shortlist News provided by Festival of Media Global Awards Mar 30, 2017, 06:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
España Internacional Economía Deportes Cultura Sociedad Ciencia Comunicados Últimas Noticias europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: MediaCom Dominates the Festival of Media Global Awards Shortlist Publicado 30/03/2017 12:11:29CET ROME, March 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Award winners to be announced on the evening of 8 May at the Rome Cavalieri, Italy  Celebrating the very best in media excellence from around the world, the Festival of Media Global Awards today announced its revered shortlist [http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en ]. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg ) Agency network MediaCom is way out in front with a huge 51 shortlisted entries in comparison to its nearest competitor Mindshare, who itself has an impressive figure of 31. Other networks doing significantly well include Starcom, OMD, PHD and UM with 27, 26, 23 and 21 respectively. In terms of agency office Starcom USA is leading the way with an impressive 14 shortlisted entries, wtih Touche! PHD Canada, MediaCom UK and MediaCom New Zealand following close behind with 11, 10 and eight respectively. Blazing the trail for independent agencies is MediaPlus Germany, which has collected seven shortlisted nominations, while PHD China also posted the same number. A record number of entries has ensured a fantastic geographical reach with the US posting 37 entries, UK 36, China 16 and Australia, Germany and India 15 each. The campaigns dominating the shortlist include a trio from MediaCom 'Sea Hero Quest' and 'Missing Type' and 'Check me before you turn the key' who have six, five and four nominations across the board. 'Girl Emojis' by Starcom and 'The effect of speaking beautifully' from Mindshare are each shortlisted in four categories. The winners will be decided by the Festival of Media Global Awards final jury [http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en ] meeting in Rome on Sunday 7 May. Members of the illustrious jury panel for 2017 will be driven and lead by Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G and Sarah Mansfield, VP global media Europe and Americas, Unilever. The winners' announcement will take place on Monday 8 May as part of the Festival of Media Global conference at the Rome Cavalieri, Rome, Italy. More information about the conference and how to book your ticket can be found here [http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en#tickets ]. All shortlisted campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com About C Squared   C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has 4 major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 3,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards and the popular media training course, IMM. The company also owns Cream which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc #FOMG17   @FestivalOfMedia  Contacts  Tickets: Komla Ayewoh, global lead commercial partners +44(0)-20-7367-6464, komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc Awards: Christina Liessem, head of awards +44(0)20-7367-6993, christina.liessem@csquared.cc Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Global_Logo.jpg El Gobierno aprueba hoy los Presupuestos Generales del Estado para 2017 y actualiza el cuadro macro El viudo de Peaches Geldof rompe su silencio: "Cuando la encontré, no me sorprendió" Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados COMUNICADO: Richmont Mines publica actualización de delineación y perforación de exploración para Island Gold (y 3) COMUNICADO: Richmont Mines publica actualización de delineación y perforación de exploración para Island Gold (2) COMUNICADO: Richmont Mines publica actualización de delineación y perforación de exploración para Island Gold (1) Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada 1 Terelu Campos hundida y harta de "comerse los marrones" de su hermana y de su madre 2 El viudo de Peaches Geldof rompe su silencio: "Cuando la encontré, no me sorprendió" 3 Fernando Jáuregui.- Pero bueno: ¿es o no es Cataluña independentista? 4 'Las Campos' hacen estallar el plató de Sálvame: lágrimas y enfrentamientos 5 Power Rangers: Expulsan al ranger verde original de la premiere Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en Gente Terelu Campos hundida y harta de "comerse los marrones" de su hermana y de su madre Cine Power Rangers: Expulsan al ranger verde original de la premiere Series & TV Fans de The Walking Dead claman contra el épico gazapo de Carl durante el 7x15 europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Wirtschaft durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     wirtschaft Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0008, 30. März 2017, 12:13 drucken mailen als pdf als Text MediaCom Dominates the Festival of Media Global Awards Shortlist Rome (ots/PRNewswire) - - Award winners to be announced on the evening of 8 May at the Rome Cavalieri, Italy Celebrating the very best in media excellence from around the world, the Festival of Media Global Awards today announced its revered shortlist (http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en). (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464489/Festival_of_Media_Globa l_Logo.jpg ) Agency network MediaCom is way out in front with a huge 51 shortlisted entries in comparison to its nearest competitor Mindshare, who itself has an impressive figure of 31. Other networks doing significantly well include Starcom, OMD, PHD and UM with 27, 26, 23 and 21 respectively. In terms of agency office Starcom USA is leading the way with an impressive 14 shortlisted entries, wtih Touche! PHD Canada, MediaCom UK and MediaCom New Zealand following close behind with 11, 10 and eight respectively. Blazing the trail for independent agencies is MediaPlus Germany, which has collected seven shortlisted nominations, while PHD China also posted the same number. A record number of entries has ensured a fantastic geographical reach with the US posting 37 entries, UK 36, China 16 and Australia, Germany and India 15 each. The campaigns dominating the shortlist include a trio from MediaCom 'Sea Hero Quest' and 'Missing Type' and 'Check me before you turn the key' who have six, five and four nominations across the board. 'Girl Emojis' by Starcom and 'The effect of speaking beautifully' from Mindshare are each shortlisted in four categories. The winners will be decided by the Festival of Media Global Awards final jury (http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?page_id=24&lang=en) meeting in Rome on Sunday 7 May. Members of the illustrious jury panel for 2017 will be driven and lead by Gerry D'Angelo, global media director, P&G and Sarah Mansfield, VP global media Europe and Americas, Unilever. The winners' announcement will take place on Monday 8 May as part of the Festival of Media Global conference at the Rome Cavalieri, Rome, Italy. More information about the conference and how to book your ticket can be found here (http://awards.festivalofmedia.com/global/?p age_id=24&lang=en#tickets). All shortlisted campaigns can be seen on http://www.creamglobal.com/ About C Squared C Squared launched the Festival of Media in Venice in 2007 and the brand now has 4 major events across the world, attended by 4,000 senior delegates and receiving over 3,000 Awards entries. In 2009, C Squared acquired the leading brand M&M Global along with the M&M Global Awards and the popular media training course, IMM. The company also owns Cream which has now become the world's largest database of media innovation and its bespoke technology serves many of the leading global agency groups and multinational advertisers. More information is available at: http://www.csquared.cc #FOMG17 @FestivalOfMedia Contacts Tickets: Komla Ayewoh, global lead commercial partners +44(0)-20-7367-6464, komla.ayewoh@csquared.cc Awards: Christina Liessem, head of awards +44(0)20-7367-6993, christina.liessem@csquared.cc Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR126090/aom ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0013 Kampf für Sichtbarkeit. E... SoHo zu Vavrik: Volkspart... Festival of Media Global Awards Zum Pressroom Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: Literatur, International Channel: Wirtschaft Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Wirtschaft weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Wirtschaft EANS-News: Strabag errichtet in Moskau eine schlüsselfertige Luxus-Wohnanlage (mit Dokument) STRABAG SE Erstmals "normale" Autofahrer mit dem autonomen Fahrzeug der Groupe PSA unterwegs Groupe PSA Der Dr. Oetker Pop-Up Backladen geht in die 2. Runde Dr. Oetker Österreich GmbH weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Freitag, 31. März 2017, 08:30 Stöger, Brauner, Nevrivy am 31.März auf Bezirkstour in der Donaustadt PID Presse- und Informationsdienst der Stadt Wien Freitag, 31. März 2017, 10:00 DIGITALE (R)EVOLUTION: Digitalisierung und Behinderung Grüner Klub im Parlament Freitag, 31. März 2017, 10:00 KAV Pressekonferenz PID Presse- und Informationsdienst der Stadt Wien weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale APA-OTS-VIDEO, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2017 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang
Insurance Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance MyNewMarkets.com Carrier Management Featured Stories Why Avoiding a Jury Trial is the Best Defense $29B Auto Premium Leakage Due to Bad Data The Future: Touchless Claims 10 Ways Substance Abuse Affects Workplaces Front Page Most Popular Topics Workers' Comp Property Liability Auto Adjusters Fraud Claims and Costs Loss Control More Topics Jobs Events Resources Research Buyers Guide Disaster Guide Forensics Guide All Guides CE Requirements Weather Map Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters People News: Great American, Rising Medical Solutions, AIG, MedRisk March 30, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Kornesczuk Promoted to Divisional President of Great American Insurance Group Great American Insurance Group announced the promotion of Jane Kornesczuk to divisional president of its Executive Liability Division. Kornesczuk joined Great American in 1990 as a senior underwriter. She was named chief underwriting officer of the Executive Liability Division in 2006, and was promoted to divisional executive vice president in 2013, also assuming responsibility for the Division’s marketing functions. She has over 32 years of experience in the management and professional liability industry. Howlin Tapped to Helm Market Expansion at Rising Medical Solutions Industry veteran Timothy Howlin has joined Rising Medical Solutions as senior vice president of Sales and Marketing. For more than 25 years, Howlin has held integral roles with high growth managed care organizations, specializing in customer acquisition and retention. Reporting directly to the CEO, Tim is responsible for increasing revenue and gross margin, growth strategy development and execution, and leading high performance sales teams. Prior to joining Rising, Howlin was senior vice president of National Sales with Optum, a division of United Healthcare Group. He joined Optum via PMSI in late 2008 and played a number of vital client-facing leadership roles during its change and evolution. Before Optum, he served as regional vice president for Medical Services Company, where he was responsible for expanding MSC’s footprint into new regions and significantly contributing to the company’s overall success. Howlin is currently president of the New York Claims Association, a 103-year-old organization dedicated to the advancement of professional ethics and education in insurance claims management. AIG Names DeMaio Executive Vice President and Chief Auditor American International Group, Inc. announced that Donna DeMaio will rejoin AIG as executive vice president and chief auditor on April 17. DeMaio will report directly to the Audit Committee of the AIG Board of Directors, and administratively to Peter D. Hancock, president and chief executive officer. She succeeds Martha Gallo, (who was recently named chief information officer), and will join AIG’s Executive Leadership Team. DeMaio previously served as president and CEO of United Guaranty Corporation (UGC), a former AIG subsidiary recently sold to Arch Capital Group. As CEO of UGC, DeMaio also served as global head of Credit Lines for AIG, where she oversaw Political Risk, Surety and Trade Credit. Prior to joining UGC in 2012, she was president and CEO of MetLife Bank, and previously served as MetLife Bank’s chief financial officer from 2002 through 2005. Prior to joining MetLife, DeMaio was a partner with PricewaterhouseCoopers. MedRisk Names Gaines Medical Director William G. Gaines, Jr., MD, MPH has been named medical director for MedRisk, the leader in physical rehabilitation and diagnostic imaging for the workers’ compensation industry. Gaines will oversee the quality of provider clinical performance and develop innovative medical management strategies. Gaines has a strong background in occupational medicine, brings 30 years of experience in directing medical management programs and finding solutions to provide high-quality care to his new role. In addition to his practice at Baylor Scott & White Health in College Station, Texas, he has served as national medical director for a large property and casualty insurance carrier and previously worked for Procter & Gamble and Conoco Phillips. Board Certified in Preventive Medicine – Occupational Medicine and in Internal Medicine, Gaines is active in the American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine, the Texas Occupational Medicine Association and the Workers’ Compensation Research Institute. He has coauthored numerous scientific papers and delivered presentations on a variety of topics, including musculoskeletal disorders, back pain, occupational health, and delayed recovery from work injuries. He earned his Doctor of Medicine degree from Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center in Lubbock, Texas. He conducted post-graduate work in internal medicine at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston and received his Master’s in Public Health from Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee. Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: International News Topics: AIG, Great American Insurance Group, MedRisk, people news, Rising Medical Solutions Have a news tip? Email us at newsdesk@claimsjournal.com « Previous articleLookout Towers Aid Firefighters During Fire Season Next article »Family Files Wrongful Death Suit in Filmmaker’s Florida Keys Dive Death Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Lookout Towers Aid Firefighters During Fire Season Drone Maker Says They Should Transmit ID Info While Airborne Researcher and Supercomputer Re-Create Historic Tornado 10 Ways Substance Misuse Affects Workplaces Congress Nixes Obama Workplace Injury Reporting Rule 60% of Workers’ Spinal Fusion Claims Initially Reported as Strains: Study Arctic Sea Ice Continues to Melt as Temperatures Rise More Extreme Weather Expected in 2017More News Features 2016: Year in Review Sign up to get news! Follow Claims Journal Most Popular Now This Week Commented Insurers Shouldn't Neglect Good Business Writing Skills Insurers' Use of Cell Tower Data in Fraud Cases Questioned Family Files Wrongful Death Suit in Filmmaker's Florida Keys Dive Death Lookout Towers Aid Firefighters During Fire Season People News: Great American, Rising Medical Solutions, AIG, MedRisk Florida Nightclub Shooting Victims Sue Gunman's Employer, Wife LexisNexis: The Future of Auto Claims is Touchless Mobster Involved in Legendary Lufthansa Heist is Rearrested 60% of Workers' Spinal Fusion Claims Initially Reported as Strains: Study Researcher and Supercomputer Re-Create Historic Tornado More Top Stories Research and White Papers Have a news tip? Tell us. Claims Weather Map Claims Videos and Podcasts Insurers Moving Forward Towards Automated Claims ProcessingListen Now Tips to Building a Better Claim FileWatch Now Reader Poll Insurance Journal Books Claims News Latest News Most Popular News News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Claims Jobs Industry Events Buyers Guide Newswire Connect with us Email Newsletters For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Claims Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Link to Us Magazines Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal MyNewMarkets.com Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Researchmoz added Most up-to-date research on „Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024” to its huge collection of research reports. The report analyzes the current and future prospects of the physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market across the globe for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. The research is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts, with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via e-mails. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various international and national databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn and compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each product segment during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2014 and 2015 as base years. The report also includes market size in terms of US$ Mn for the geography segment considering the macro and micro environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, consumer preferences, and regulatory requirements. The market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, providing market snapshot for various segments and sub-segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market with respect to market dynamics, price trend analysis, value chain analysis, and competitive landscape in terms of key market players. Based on product type, the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market has been segmented into skincare (anti-aging products, acne treatment, skin whitening and hyperpigmentation, and dermal fillers), hair care (hair repair, anti-dandruff, anti-hair fall, and scalp repair), eye care (prescription drops, artificial tears, and other eye care products), injectable Botox, and other products (stretch marks, burns, scars or marks, etc.). To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=808482 Market size estimations involved in-depth study of product features of different types of cosmeceuticals prescribed by cosmetologists, trichologists, ophthalmologists, dermatologists, or any other skin or hair specialists engaged in medical practice. Additionally, increasing preference for cosmeceuticals to retain beauty and youth, eliminate aging signs, and demand for organic and innovative cosmeceuticals are considered key drivers in the physician dispensed cosmeceuticals industry analysis. Moreover, availability, access, and number of physicians engaged in skin and hair care research clinics and treatment centers have been taken into consideration while estimating the market. In addition, brand value of leading and innovative products entering the market and overall market dynamics of the industry were considered for product segment and sub-segment market trends in various geographies. Geographically, the market has been segmented into five major regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The market size and forecast for each of these regions has been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2014 and 2015 as base years. The report also provides with market size and forecast for select countries in the respective regions such as the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Germany, Japan, China, Brazil, and Saudi Arabia. A detailed qualitative analysis of factors responsible for driving and restraining the market growth and future opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. This section of the report also provides value chain analysis and price trend analysis. The report also includes market strategies adopted by leading players, providing a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market. A list of strategic recommendations has been provided for new entrants as well as existing market players. These recommendations would assist them in channelizing their business goals and resources to establish a strong presence in the market. The report also profiles major players in the market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. The global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market is highly fragmented, marked by the presence of several global companies as well as local manufacturers. Key players in the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market include Allergan plc, Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, L’Oreal S.A., Procter & Gamble Co., Valeant Pharmaceuticals Inc., Unilever plc, and ZO Skin Health Inc. The global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market has been segmented as follows: Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market, by Product Type – Skincare Products – Anti-aging – Acne treatment – Skin Whitening and Hyperpigmentation – Dermal fillers – Hair Care Products – Hair Repair – Anti-dandruff – Anti-hair Fall – Scalp Repair – Eye Care Products – Prescription drops – Artificial Tears – Other Eye Care Products – Injectable Botox – Others Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market, by Geography – North America – U.S. – Canada – Europe – U.K. – Germany – Rest of Europe – Asia Pacific – Japan – China – Rest of APAC – Latin America – Brazil – Rest of LATAM – Middle East & Africa – Saudi Arabia – Rest of MEA Make an Enquiry of this report @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=808482 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. Mr. Nachiket State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Email: sales@researchmoz.us Website @ www.researchmoz.us/ Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Follow us on LinkedIn @ bit.ly/1TBmnVG This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Business, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance, Companies, company, Geography, Health, Industry, major, Markets, section Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Offshore Support Vessel Market 2017-2021 – Features Key Market Vendors ( Bourbon, Edison Chouset Offshore, SEACOR, Swire Pacific Offshore, Tidewater ) Next PostNext Global Flexible Displays Market to grow at a CAGR of 35.11% during 2017-2021 – LG Display & Samsung Display are the Leading Market Vendors Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Beauty Device Market to Exceed US$ 54,186.9 Million in 2020 Global beauty devices market was valued at USD 19,389.1 million in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 18.7% from 2014 to 2020, to reach an estimated value of USD 54,186.9 million in 2020. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3375 Globally, the beauty devices market is witnessing significant growth due to increasing disposable income, which is enabling people to spend more on personal care. In addition, rise in aging the population and increasing prevalence of skin diseases and harmful effects of ultraviolet radiation are also driving the growth of the market. However, there are various risks and complications associated with beauty devices which may lead to bruising, swelling, and redness. In addition, extended availability of easy-to-use beauty products inhibits the growth of the market. The global beauty devices market is anticipated to grow from an estimated USD 19,389.1 million in 2014 to USD 54,186.9 million in 2020 at a CAGR of 18.7% during the forecast period. In North America, increasing aging population and availability of advanced devices are driving the use of beauty devices in the market. In addition, in the U.S., there are around 750,000 beauty salons and spas. These beauty salon and spas have propelled the demand for beauty devices and personal care products in order to offer better services to their customers. In Europe, the beauty devices market is driven by rising aging population. In addition, in Spain the market is evolving due to rising awareness about potential healing applications of beauty devices in the treatment of skin and hair problems. However, in Asia the growth for beauty devices is much higher than developed countries due to increasing disposable income, availability of multinational brands and the introduction of less expensive beauty devices. Request to view Table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/beauty-… L’Oreal Group, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., Home Skinovations, Ltd., PhotoMedex, Inc., TRIA Beauty, Inc., Syneron Medical, Ltd., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Carol Cole Company and Procter & Gamble are some of the major players of beauty devices market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/3375 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsapartments, b2b, Beauty Device, Beauty Device Market, Business, Companies, company, Global 1, Google News, Home and Garden, intelligence, major, Markets, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Orthopedic Surgical Robots Market to Show Impressive Growth of 46.89% CAGR by 2021 Next PostNext North American Coronary Stents Market to Reflect Impressive Growth Rate by 2020 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Pregnancy Detection Kits Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis – 2024 Pregnancy test kits are devices used to detect possible pregnancy in females. Pregnancy tests are generally done after the first day of missed period. Fewer pregnancy test kits in which detection is possible through urine sample are user friendly and can be demonstrated at home by understanding the manual. These pregnancy test kits give an early indication of pregnancy. Generally, home pregnancy test kits provide 99% accurate results and can be further confirmed by undergoing a lab pregnancy test. These kits are designed to detect human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) hormone, a pregnancy hormone, in the urine sample or blood sample. hCG increases in the early days of pregnancy and presence of this hormone above particular range confirms pregnancy. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pregnancy-detection-ki… The global pregnancy detection kits market is driven growing awareness about early and self-detection of pregnancy, increasing demand for self-detection of pregnancy boosted by rising adolescent pregnancy rate, technological advancements in pregnancy tests making it more accurate, promotional strategies employed by manufacturers with celebrity endorsement which influences the rural population to undertake self-pregnancy test through kits, and expansion of logistics network by distributors and manufacturers to increase accessibility of the kits. However, high cost is a major restraint of the global pregnancy detection kits market which is a concern in the undeveloped and developed countries. The risk factor associated with the inaccuracy of the test results is also hampering the growth of the global pregnancy detection kits market. The global pregnancy detection kits market can be segmented based on product type, type of test, end-user, and region. In terms of product type, the global pregnancy detection kits market is divided into digital devices and line indicators such as strip/dip, cassettes, and mid-stream devices. Based on test type, the market can be segmented into LH urine test, hCG urine test, FSH urine test, and hCG blood test. In terms of end-user, the market can be segmented into hospitals, diagnostic labs, and home care. The home care segment includes distribution channels such as hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies, and online pharmacies. Fill the Form for an Exclusive Sample of this Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In terms of region, the global pregnancy detection kits market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the global pregnancy detection kits market due to increased health care spending by the government. Europe is the next major market in terms of revenue and is driven by high usage of digital pregnancy test kits due to increased disposable income and growing awareness regarding the test. Asia Pacific is expected to grow exponentially during the forecast period led by growing awareness about early detection of pregnancy and its benefits, rising population, increasing disposable income, and better access to pregnancy tests in the rural sector. Latin America is an emerging market for pregnancy detection kits due to growing awareness and availability of pregnancy test kits at affordable prices. The market in Middle East & Africa is expected to witness sluggish growth due to less awareness regarding the usage of pregnancy kit and its associated benefits. Top players in the global pregnancy detection kits market are Alere, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC plc, Church & Dwight, Prestige Brands Holdings, SPD Swiss Precision Diagnostics, Quidel Corporation, Germaine Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Piramal Enterprises, Nantong egens bio Technology Company, Cardinal Health, and Confirm Biosciences. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Celebrities, Companies, company, Health, Health & Medicine, Home and Garden, hospital, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Intraoperative Imaging Market: Increase in R&D Activities and Growth in the Number of Alliances among Key Players are Driving the Growth of the Market Next PostNext High Temperature Superconductor Manufacturers with Industry Chain Structure, Competitive Landscape, New Projects and Investment Analysis Research Report Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Pregnancy Detection Kits Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis – 2024 Pregnancy test kits are devices used to detect possible pregnancy in females. Pregnancy tests are generally done after the first day of missed period. Fewer pregnancy test kits in which detection is possible through urine sample are user friendly and can be demonstrated at home by understanding the manual. These pregnancy test kits give an early indication of pregnancy. Generally, home pregnancy test kits provide 99% accurate results and can be further confirmed by undergoing a lab pregnancy test. These kits are designed to detect human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) hormone, a pregnancy hormone, in the urine sample or blood sample. hCG increases in the early days of pregnancy and presence of this hormone above particular range confirms pregnancy. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pregnancy-detection-ki… The global pregnancy detection kits market is driven growing awareness about early and self-detection of pregnancy, increasing demand for self-detection of pregnancy boosted by rising adolescent pregnancy rate, technological advancements in pregnancy tests making it more accurate, promotional strategies employed by manufacturers with celebrity endorsement which influences the rural population to undertake self-pregnancy test through kits, and expansion of logistics network by distributors and manufacturers to increase accessibility of the kits. However, high cost is a major restraint of the global pregnancy detection kits market which is a concern in the undeveloped and developed countries. The risk factor associated with the inaccuracy of the test results is also hampering the growth of the global pregnancy detection kits market. The global pregnancy detection kits market can be segmented based on product type, type of test, end-user, and region. In terms of product type, the global pregnancy detection kits market is divided into digital devices and line indicators such as strip/dip, cassettes, and mid-stream devices. Based on test type, the market can be segmented into LH urine test, hCG urine test, FSH urine test, and hCG blood test. In terms of end-user, the market can be segmented into hospitals, diagnostic labs, and home care. The home care segment includes distribution channels such as hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies, and online pharmacies. Fill the Form for an Exclusive Sample of this Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In terms of region, the global pregnancy detection kits market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the global pregnancy detection kits market due to increased health care spending by the government. Europe is the next major market in terms of revenue and is driven by high usage of digital pregnancy test kits due to increased disposable income and growing awareness regarding the test. Asia Pacific is expected to grow exponentially during the forecast period led by growing awareness about early detection of pregnancy and its benefits, rising population, increasing disposable income, and better access to pregnancy tests in the rural sector. Latin America is an emerging market for pregnancy detection kits due to growing awareness and availability of pregnancy test kits at affordable prices. The market in Middle East & Africa is expected to witness sluggish growth due to less awareness regarding the usage of pregnancy kit and its associated benefits. Top players in the global pregnancy detection kits market are Alere, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC plc, Church & Dwight, Prestige Brands Holdings, SPD Swiss Precision Diagnostics, Quidel Corporation, Germaine Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Piramal Enterprises, Nantong egens bio Technology Company, Cardinal Health, and Confirm Biosciences. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Celebrities, Companies, company, Health, Health & Medicine, Home and Garden, hospital, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Intraoperative Imaging Market: Increase in R&D Activities and Growth in the Number of Alliances among Key Players are Driving the Growth of the Market Next PostNext High Temperature Superconductor Manufacturers with Industry Chain Structure, Competitive Landscape, New Projects and Investment Analysis Research Report Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Baby Products Market is Expected to Reach USD 121.0 Billion by 2025 The global baby product market is expected to reach USD 121.0 billion by 2025. Rising spending capability in matured economies of North America and Europe will augment industry growth over the next nine years. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/baby-products-market-analysis-by-product-cosmetic-andtoiletries-baby-food-and-baby-safety-andconvenience-by-region-north-america-europe-asia-pacific-central-andsouth-america-and-middle-east-andafrica-and-segment-forecasts-2014-2025 Increasing birthrate in emerging economies of Asia Pacific including India and China is anticipated to drive the demand for infant items over the forecast period. Rising awareness among the customers about infant nutrition, hygiene, and safety in the region will fuel demand over the forecast period. Continuous innovation among manufactures is expected to propel industry growth over the forecast period. Cosmetics & toiletries held the largest share in the market. Cosmetics help to enhance infant skin, provide nourishment, resist swelling, itching, rashes and inflammations. Apart from that it tends to posses’ antibacterial, antifungal, antimicrobial, which soothe and provide luster to the skin. These beneficial properties are expected to drive the demand over the forecast period. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/211184 Infant food provides essential ingredients which include vitaminB12, protein, carbohydrate, and iron which are required in different growth phases of babies, so as to develop a good immune system. Rising number of food varieties coupled with its ease of use when travelling is expected to have a positive impact on the market over the forecast period. Further key findings from the report suggest: Baby product market is expected to witness growth at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2016 to 2025 owing to increased female working population resulting in higher demand for ready-to-use items. Cosmetics & toiletries will witness the fastest growth at a CAGR of 7.3% from 2016 to 2024 owing to rising awareness regarding infant hygiene. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/211184 Asia Pacific market was estimated at over USD 17 billion in 2015 on account of growing awareness about baby nutrition, hygiene and safety coupled with increased disposable income. Key participants include Procter & Gamble Company, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Johnson & Johnson Plc, Unilever Plc, Nestle S. A, and Abbott Nutrition. Key companies in the market are focused on increasing their global presence through mergers & acquisitions and brand awareness. In November 2016, Dabur South Africa (Pty) Ltd acquired South Africa’s CTL Group of Companies personal care, hair care & creams businesses for USD 1.3 million. In July 2016, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. completed the acquisition of Vogue International LLC, which is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of hair care and other personal care products for $3.3 billion. Major Points From Table Of Contents: Chapter One: Methodology and Scope Chapter Two: Executive Summary Chapter Three: Baby Products Market Variables, Trends & Scope Chapter Four: Baby Products Market: Product Estimates & Trend Analysis Chapter Five: Baby Products Market: Regional Estimates & Trend Analysis, by Product Chapter Six: Competitive Landscape Chapter Seven: Company Profiles About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsapartments, b2b, Companies, company, Consumer, Consumer Goods, Electronics, Food and Beverage, Global Baby Products Market, Google News, Industry, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China Phosphate Fertilizers Industry 2022: Market Segment By Type, Regions, Applications (Cereals & Grains, Oil Seeds, Fruits & Vegetables) Next PostNext Detail Report On EMEA Phosphate Fertilizers Market Sales Channel, Distributors, Traders, Dealers, Research Findings And Data Source 2022 Posted on 30 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Baby Products Market is Expected to Reach USD 121.0 Billion by 2025 The global baby product market is expected to reach USD 121.0 billion by 2025. Rising spending capability in matured economies of North America and Europe will augment industry growth over the next nine years. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/baby-products-market-analysis-by-product-cosmetic-andtoiletries-baby-food-and-baby-safety-andconvenience-by-region-north-america-europe-asia-pacific-central-andsouth-america-and-middle-east-andafrica-and-segment-forecasts-2014-2025 Increasing birthrate in emerging economies of Asia Pacific including India and China is anticipated to drive the demand for infant items over the forecast period. Rising awareness among the customers about infant nutrition, hygiene, and safety in the region will fuel demand over the forecast period. Continuous innovation among manufactures is expected to propel industry growth over the forecast period. Cosmetics & toiletries held the largest share in the market. Cosmetics help to enhance infant skin, provide nourishment, resist swelling, itching, rashes and inflammations. Apart from that it tends to posses’ antibacterial, antifungal, antimicrobial, which soothe and provide luster to the skin. These beneficial properties are expected to drive the demand over the forecast period. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/211184 Infant food provides essential ingredients which include vitaminB12, protein, carbohydrate, and iron which are required in different growth phases of babies, so as to develop a good immune system. Rising number of food varieties coupled with its ease of use when travelling is expected to have a positive impact on the market over the forecast period. Further key findings from the report suggest: Baby product market is expected to witness growth at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2016 to 2025 owing to increased female working population resulting in higher demand for ready-to-use items. Cosmetics & toiletries will witness the fastest growth at a CAGR of 7.3% from 2016 to 2024 owing to rising awareness regarding infant hygiene. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/211184 Asia Pacific market was estimated at over USD 17 billion in 2015 on account of growing awareness about baby nutrition, hygiene and safety coupled with increased disposable income. Key participants include Procter & Gamble Company, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Johnson & Johnson Plc, Unilever Plc, Nestle S. A, and Abbott Nutrition. Key companies in the market are focused on increasing their global presence through mergers & acquisitions and brand awareness. In November 2016, Dabur South Africa (Pty) Ltd acquired South Africa’s CTL Group of Companies personal care, hair care & creams businesses for USD 1.3 million. In July 2016, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. completed the acquisition of Vogue International LLC, which is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of hair care and other personal care products for $3.3 billion. Major Points From Table Of Contents: Chapter One: Methodology and Scope Chapter Two: Executive Summary Chapter Three: Baby Products Market Variables, Trends & Scope Chapter Four: Baby Products Market: Product Estimates & Trend Analysis Chapter Five: Baby Products Market: Regional Estimates & Trend Analysis, by Product Chapter Six: Competitive Landscape Chapter Seven: Company Profiles About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsapartments, b2b, Companies, company, Consumer, Consumer Goods, Electronics, Food and Beverage, Global Baby Products Market, Google News, Industry, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China Phosphate Fertilizers Industry 2022: Market Segment By Type, Regions, Applications (Cereals & Grains, Oil Seeds, Fruits & Vegetables) Next PostNext Detail Report On EMEA Phosphate Fertilizers Market Sales Channel, Distributors, Traders, Dealers, Research Findings And Data Source 2022 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Increase in Health Awareness to boost Market for Feminine Hygiene Products Feminine hygiene products refer to products that are used by women during menstrual periods to maintain personal hygiene, and enhances general well-being. There have been several initiatives by vendors targeting women to educate them, in terms of highlighting benefits of using feminine hygiene products to improve overall health and well-being. Also, there is an increase in awareness among women about feminine hygiene products. This trend is visible even among women in rural areas, which may increase the growth prospects of the market in the coming years. Research analysts forecast the global feminine hygiene products market to grow at a CAGR of 4.83% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global feminine hygiene products market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail sales of feminine hygiene products such as menstrual cups, tampons, sanitary napkins (only menstrual pads), pantyliners, and feminine hygiene wash products. Request sample copy of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/241200 The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Research report, Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors Procter & Gamble Unicharm Johnson & Johnson Kimberly-Clark Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget (SCA) Edgewell Personal Care Other prominent vendors Bella Bodywise (UK) Cora Corman First Quality Enterprises Fujian Hengan Group Lil-Lets Masmi Moxie Ontex Pee Buddy Kao The Honest Company Seventh Generation Vivanion Avail more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-feminine-hygiene-products-market-2017-2021 Market driver Increase of women in workforce. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Environment and hygiene-related problems. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Migration of manufacturing and sales facilities to APAC. For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned: Procter & Gamble, Unicharm, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget (SCA), Edgewell Personal Care, Bella, Bodywise (UK). Cora, Corman, First Quality Enterprises, Fujian Hengan Group, Lil-Lets, Masmi, Moxie, Ontex, Pee Buddy, Kao, The Honest Company, Seventh Generation, and Vivanion. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/241200 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019     CategoriesUncategorized Tagsapartments, b2b, Companies, company, Electronics, Environment, Feminine Hygiene Products, Feminine Hygiene Products Industry, Feminine Hygiene Products Market, Feminine Hygiene Products Market forecast, Feminine Hygiene Products Market Share, Feminine Hygiene Products Market Volume, general, Geography, Google News, Health, Healthcare, Industry, Investment, Machinery, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, satPRnews, Space Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Form Fill Seal Equipment Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext MRAM Is Becoming Mainstream Memory: Industry Insights Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Thu, Mar 30 2017. 07 55 AM IST Opening bell: Asian markets open mixed; Tata Motors, Lupin in news In other news, all GST bills were passed in Lok Sabha for uniform taxation across India Subscribe to our newsletter. Harsha Jethmalani Photo: Mint US equities close higher; Asian markets trade mixed US stocks closed mostly higher on Wednesday, as investors digested economic data and the start of the United Kingdom’s divorce from the European Union. Asian shares traded mixed on Thursday morning. All GST bills passed in Lok Sabha for uniform taxation across India With the Lok Sabha signing off on the last batch of bills on the goods and services tax (GST), India is just a step away from rolling out an indirect tax regime that will for the first time economically unify the country. Supreme Court bans sale of BS-III vehicles after 1 April The Supreme Court directed that vehicles that are not Bharat Stage-IV (BS-IV) compliant will not be sold after 31 March. Tata Tigor launched, prices start at Rs4.7 lakh, ex-showroom Delhi Tata Motors Ltd launched the Tigor sedan. With prices starting from Rs4.7 lakh to 6.19 lakh for the petrol version and Rs5.6 lakh to Rs7 lakh for diesel, (ex-showroom, Delhi) the company has positioned the new model, based on the Tiago platform, as a style back. P&G moves Delhi HC in appeal against airing of ‘disparaging’ shampoo ads by HUL Leading fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) company, Proctor & Gamble, on Wednesday moved the Delhi high court in appeal against an order dismissing its plea over alleged disparaging shampoo advertisements being aired by its competitor, Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) FIPB green lights Gland Pharma’s acquisition by Shanghai Fosun The Foreign Investment and Promotion Board (FIPB) cleared Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co. Ltd’s $1.3 billion acquisition of Hyderabad-based Gland Pharma Ltd. Lupin launches generic HIV drug in US market Drug firm Lupin has launched generic Abacavir and Lamivudine tablets used for treatment of human immunodeficiency infection in the American market. Daiichi asks court to appoint auditor to inspect Singh brothers’ documents Japanese drugmaker Daiichi Sankyo Co. Ltd moved the Delhi High Court, seeking the appointment of a third-party auditor to assist in the inspection of documents submitted by brothers Malvinder and Shivender Singh, former owners of Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd. Harsha Jethmalani Topics: US stocks Asian markets BSE NSE Sensex More From Livemint READ MORE Instances of inefficient behaviour in nearly 97% of delayed cases: report NDTV to SC: Won’t apologize for Pathankot attack coverage Celebrity management firm Kwan launches marketplace for digital entertainment First Published: Thu, Mar 30 2017. 07 54 AM IST Editor's Picks Hero, Honda offer discounts of up to Rs12,500 on BS-III models to beat SC ban Snapdeal misses out on funding as SoftBank feuds with Kalaari Capital, Nexus UDAN: Govt awards 128 regional routes to Air India, SpiceJet among others Latest News The poet who wasn’t Shelley Global gold prices fall on dollar strength Ayodhya-Babri Masjid case: SC dismisses Swamy’s plea for early hearing Contempt case: SC grants Calcutta HC judge Karnan 4 weeks to clear his stand ‘Naam Shabana’, Rahul Bose directorial debut ‘Poorna’ top Hindi releases this week Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Air Freshener Market: Facts, Figures and Analytical Insights, 2014 to 2020 Air fresheners are products used to release fragrances in order to eliminate foul smell or odour from the environment. These products are only applicable for use in indoor environments such as homes, offices, hotel rooms, cars and others. In recent years, this functional commodity has evolved to be used as a decorative product. Air fresheners comprise chemical agents such as artificial or original essence, aerosol propellants, solvents such as mineral oil, 2-butoxyethanol and other glycol ethers, which help in neutralizing odours and freshens the air. On the basis of types, these products can be broadly segmented into room sprays and diffusers. Room sprays fall under the category of aerosol sprays, which are mostly available in cans or glass bottles with attached spray nozzles. Room sprays are highly functional and instead of simply masking foul odours, they release a pleasant fragrance. On the other hand, diffusers disperse fragrance into the air. Furthermore, these are widely classified into active and passive diffusers. Active diffusers require an external energy source of energy to release fragrance. These products are designed to function on a plugged power source or with batteries. Passive diffusers do not require any external energy source and diffuse fragrance from various forms of underlying substances or layers. The various types of passive diffusers include adjustable solids, reed diffusers and gel products. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-42 Besides room sprays and diffusers, the air freshener market is further segmented into specialty products. These types of air fresheners comprise a variety of products designed to add fragrance to a room or space, and are available in various forms such as potpourri. This type of air freshener comprises forms of dried botanical and other natural ingredient such as flowers, fruits, wood chips and spices that may have fragrance oils added to them. Another is sachets, small pouches or bags filled with scented powder. Another type is incense, which is produced from a mixture of fragrant gums, resins, woods and spices and is available in varied forms such as sticks, cones, rods, coils, small blocks, wands and powders. Furthermore, fragrance oil burning lamp is another type of air freshener. This type acts as a catalytic diffusion lamp, purifying the air while releasing fragrance. Yet another type is the non-electric or evaporative air freshener. This type releases fragrance when scented oil is added to an oil warmer, which is heated using a tea light candle. Globally, the demand for air fresheners registered stable growth during the last five years, and is expected to witness favourable growth during the forecast period. This is attributed to product innovations, increased adaption of enhanced products and rising affluence. Changing and improving lifestyle and demographic factors, as well as increasing population in developing countries is driving demand for air freshener products in Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. The key drivers in the air freshener market includes product innovation and launch of new product ranges capable of delivering freshness as well as enhanced ability to eliminate offensive odours. These properties serve to enhance consumer preference for such products and offers value for money. In addition, rise in disposable income and purchasing power parity has shifted the demand of consumers towards enhanced products, which is further expected to fuel market growth. Visit For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-42 The key players in the global air freshener market include Procter & Gamble, SC Johnson, Reckitt Benckiser, Henkel, Church & Dwight, California Scents, ST Corporation, Scott’s Liquid Gold, Inc., Amway, Kobayashi, Liby, Houdy, Farcent, Jiali, Ludao, Mengjiaolan and others. The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data and statistically-supported and industry-validated market data and projections with a suitable set of assumptions and methodology. The report provides analysis and information by categories such as market segments, geographies and type. The report covers exhaustive analysis on: Market Segments Market Dynamics Market Size Supply & Demand Current Trends/Issues/Challenges Competition & Companies involved Technology Value Chain Regional analysis includes North America Latin America Asia Pacific Japan Western Europe Eastern Europe Middle East & Africa CategoriesUncategorized TagsAir Freshener Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “No Ordinary Easter” Planned At First Presbyterian Church Of Upland Next PostNext Digital Signage System Market: Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2014 – 2020 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Mobile Marketing Association Announces Speakers from Allstate, PepsiCo, Phillips Lighting, Choice Hotels, The Wendy’s Company and Volvo for Location Leadership Forum Mobile Marketing Association Announces Speakers from Allstate, PepsiCo, Phillips Lighting, Choice Hotels, The Wendy’s Company and Volvo for Location Leadership Forum Posted on March 30, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Industry Leaders Join to Explore Best Practices for Marketers; Ultimate Targeting Tool on April 5 in New York City New York, NY (PRWEB) March 30, 2017 The Mobile Marketing Association (MMA) today announced executives from Allstate, PepsiCo, Phillips Lighting, Choice Hotels, The Wendy’s Company and Volvo Cars USA will lead the roster for the MMA Location Leadership Forum: Making Mobile Moments Matter on April 5 in New York City. Location is quickly becoming the holy grail of reaching consumers and driving business impact as the ultimate targeting tool, both enabled and optimized by mobile. By delivering the right message, to the right person at the right place and time, location based services allow brands to make every moment along the purchase funnel meaningful and actionable resulting in increased ROI for brands. “Location is an opportunity for marketers to drive growth and engagement, both through rich data capture on purchase behavior and from access to consumers when they are in the mindset to act," explains Sheryl Daija, Chief Strategy Officer of the MMA. “As a defining characteristic of mobile, the person, the device and the place all intersect to the potential advantage of both the marketer and the consumer, and location can enhance other insights and strengthen the full mix.” The one-day event is programmed by marketers for marketers, and will feature senior-level executives from across the mobile ecosystem with in-depth discussions of mobile’s transformative role in the customer journey Key topics will take a closer look at how location drives both intent and conversion, and what influences consumers to move from thought to purchase. Confirmed speakers to date include: John Baronello, Director, Marketing Analytics, Allstate Irene Pedruelo, Lead Strategist, TMI Strategy, DoSomething.org Lucia Ying, Senior Brand Manager, Lipton, PepsiCo Karen Gough, Vice President of Indoor Positioning Systems and Services, Philips Lighting Joey Martin, Senior Director, eCommerce and Co-op Marketing, Choice Hotels International Whitney Jones, SVP Data & Analysis, Publicis Groupe John Militello, Director of Marketing, Volvo Cars USA Brandon Rhoten, VP Advertising, Media and Digital, The Wendy’s Company Dipanushu Sharma, Founder & CEO, xAd Duncan McCall, CEO, PlaceIQ The MMA leadership will also review some of the industry’s latest insights on location performance from the MMA’s Allstate SMoX research study as well as some core universal truths. With fact-based insights into mobile’s value in the marketing mix, attendees will leave with practical knowledge that will deliver tangible results and maximize the impact of their mobile investment. MMA members and non-members are welcome to register for Mobile Location Leadership Forum here (special rates available for members). xAd serves as the event’s presenting sponsor. Those unable to attend are invited to follow @mmaglobal and join the conversation on Twitter (#MMAF2017). About the Mobile Marketing Association (MMA) The MMA is the world’s leading global non-profit trade mobile marketing association comprised of more than 800 member companies, from nearly fifty countries around the world. Our members hail from every faction of the mobile marketing ecosystem, including brand marketers, agencies, mobile technology platforms, media companies, operators and others. The MMA’s mission is to accelerate the transformation and innovation of marketing through mobile, driving business growth with closer and stronger consumer engagement. Anchoring the MMA’s mission are four core pillars; to cultivate inspiration by driving innovation for the Chief Marketing Officer; to build the mobile marketing capabilities for marketing organizations through fostering know-how and confidence; to champion the effectiveness and impact of mobile through research providing tangible ROI measurement; and to advocate for mobile marketers. Additionally, MMA industry-wide committees work collaboratively to develop and advocate global best practices and lead standards development.   Members include: 1-800-Flowers.com, Allstate, American Express, Bank Of America, Campbell’s, Chase, Chobani, Choice Hotels, Citi, Colgate-Palmolive, DataXu, Dunkin’ Brands, E*TRADE, Electronic Arts, ESPN, Facebook, Ford, Foursquare, Google, Havas, Hilton, iHeartMedia, InMobi, Johnson & Johnson, Krux, Marriott, MasterCard, McDonald’s, Mondelez, Nestle, OpenMarket, Pandora, Pfizer, Pinterest, PlaceIQ, Procter & Gamble, R/GA, RadiumOne, Razorfish, Samsung, SAP, Sears, Spotify, Starcom, The Coca-Cola Company, The Rubicon Project, The Weather Company, T-Mobile, TUNE, Ubimo, Unilever, Verve, VEVO, Vibes, Visa, Walmart, Wendy’s, xAd , Zurich and many more. The MMA’s global headquarters are located in New York with regional operations Asia Pacific (APAC), Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA) and Latin America (LATAM). For more information about the MMA please visit http://www.mmaglobal.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14201037.htm Latest News EnerSpar Corp. (Formally Walmer Capital Corp.) Announces Closing of its Qualifying Transaction Comark to Exhibit at the 2017 Sea-Air-Space Exposition Mobile Marketing Association Announces Speakers from Allstate, PepsiCo, Phillips Lighting, Choice Hotels, The Wendy’s Company and Volvo for Location Leadership Forum Amica Insurance Shares Fire Safety Tips for Red Cross Month SPRYTE Communications Debuts New Blog for Healthcare Communications Professionals Arteris FlexNoC Interconnect IP is Licensed by Ethertone Technologies for Enterprise Storage and Networking SoCs Higher Logic’s Third Annual Community Benchmarking Study Ties Community Success to Engaging Ecosystem IPVideo Corporation to Demonstrate Advanced Video Management Solutions at ISC West New Appointment at Sommet Education Greenberg Traurig’s Chinh H. Pham to Speak at the 2017 VietChallenge © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Coupons.com Unveils America's 25 Most Frugal Cities Washington, D.C., Snags Top Spot as America's Coupon Capital America's Most Frugal Cities of 2016 (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? America's Most Frugal Cities of 2016 (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 30, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The nation’s capital has earned a new moniker: America’s Coupon Capital. Washington, D.C., won the top spot on the Coupons.com ranking of America’s Most Frugal Cities of 2016, according to the Coupons.com Savings Index1, which was released today by Quotient Technology Inc. (NYSE: QUOT), a leading promotions and media company that runs the popular site and app, Coupons.com. Whatever the reason – a bitter election, the loss of pop icons – people sought out digital coupons to stretch their budgets and, perhaps, to make themselves feel better. Shoppers in D.C., selected more than 23 million digital coupons in 2016, totaling more than $31 million in savings and overtaking Orlando as number one for the first time in the seven-year history of the index. All told, Quotient in 2016 delivered more than 2.4 billion digital coupons. D.C., area residents weren’t the only ones inspired to save more last year, as Raleigh/Durham, NC climbed from the 9th most frugal city to claim the #4 slot. This region selected more than 4.4 million coupons in 2016. Other cities that took saving more seriously last year include Dallas, TX, which climbed from #15 to #5 in 2016, while Boston moved up to #12 this year after reaching the #16 spot in 2015. Chicago, Sacramento and Houston all made the top 25 after not placing in the 2015 list. However, with all that took place in 2016, saving money was not at the top of everyone’s mind. Atlanta fell to #10 from #5 in 2015 and three cities fell off the list this year completely: Denver, Columbus and Las Vegas. This year's other top 25 frugal cities include Philadelphia, PA (#11), Boston, MA (#12), Kansas City, MO (#13), Houston, TX (#14), New York, NY (#15), Indianapolis, IN (#16), Providence, RI (#17), Pittsburgh, PA (#18), St. Louis, MO (#19), San Francisco, CA (#20), San Antonio, TX (#21), Cincinnati, OH (#22), Sacramento, CA (#23), Milwaukee, WI (#24) and Chicago, IL (#25). "The Most Frugal Cities list from Coupons.com demonstrates that shoppers throughout the country are using coupons to stretch their dollars,” said Jeanette Pavini, Coupons.com Consumer Savings Expert. “People work hard to earn a living, want to get the most out of their money, and they are saving hundreds of dollars a year by using digital coupons.” For a complete list or for more information about the Coupons.com Savings Index, please email press@quotient.com, or to start saving, visit http://www.coupons.com. About Quotient Technology Inc. Quotient Technology Inc. (NYSE: QUOT) is a leading digital promotion and media company that connects brands, retailers and consumers. We distribute digital coupons and media through a variety of products, including digital printable coupons, digital paperless coupons, coupon codes and card-linked offers. We operate Quotient Retailer iQ™, a real-time digital coupon platform that connects into a retailer's point-of-sale system and provides targeting and analytics for manufacturers and retailers. Our distribution network includes our flagship site and app, Coupons.com, as well as Grocery iQ™, Shopmium™ and our thousands of publisher partners. We serve hundreds of consumer packaged goods companies, such as Clorox, Procter & Gamble, General Mills and Kellogg's, as well as top retailers like Albertsons Companies, CVS, Dollar General, Kroger and Walgreens. Founded in 1998, Quotient is based in Mountain View, Calif. Learn more at Quotient.com, and follow us on Twitter @Quotient. 1 The Coupons.com Savings Index calculates digital coupons selected to be printed on Coupons.com properties and partner sites in 2016, normalized per person for U.S. metros with populations of at least 1.5 million. Contacts Quotient Technology Inc. Tessa Chen, 650-396-8821 Sr. Communications Manager press@quotient.com Contacts Quotient Technology Inc. Tessa Chen, 650-396-8821 Sr. Communications Manager press@quotient.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Personal Care Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Analysis For 2016 – 2024 Global Personal Care Market: Overview The personal care industry is the one which produces consumer products that are used for beautification and personal hygiene. The subsectors of personal care comprise cosmetics and personal hygiene. Some of the products that are included in personal care wet wipes, toothpaste, toilet paper, talcum powder, moisturizer, shaving cream, razors, perfumes, pomade, nail files, makeup, lotion, lipstick, lip gloss, hair clippers, facial tissue, eye liner, deodorant, cotton pads, cotton swabs, colognes, and cleansing pods. The global market for personal care is extremely diversified and can be bifurcated into personal care products and personal care appliances. Personal care appliances have become popular across the globe in the last few years owing to the penetration of new and innovative appliances in the market every year. These appliances comprise electric toothbrushes, trimmers, massagers, curlers, flat irons, blow dryers, hair setters, and hair clippers. The segment of personal care products includes skin care, hair care, personal hygiene, oral hygiene, deodorants, fragrances, shower and bath, and make-up. Get Details Information of Industry Insight, Download Research Brochure@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The report is an examination in the development of the global personal care market over the last few years and in the upcoming years. The market study further details out the reasons of the vicissitudes in the market worldwide. It does this so evaluating the forces and the trends predominant over the last couple of years and also the ones that are expected to put an impact on the market during the forecast period. The Porter’s five forces analysis has been considered by the analysts to present a clear conception of the vendor landscape to the ones reading the report. Mergers, acquisitions, agreements, and other dealings have also been emphasized in the study. The study further investigates the management and workflow of several leading players and presents readers with information on their products, marketing and production strategies, and market shares of the past and future years. Global Personal Care Market: Trends and Opportunities The global market for personal care is expected to witness substantial growth over the coming years owing to the growing disposable income of consumers, thus enabling them to spend on luxury personal care products. While the personal care products segment for women is a prominent category, the introduction of the men’s product line for grooming has bolstered the growth of the market extensively. Moreover, the development of improvised and innovative products in the women’s line such as cosmeceutical and multifunctional products is expected to trigger the sales of personal care products in the coming years. In order to cater to specific customer needs, manufacturers have flooded the market with specific hair and skin products. The market is also expected to be benefitted by the promotional offers, advertising, and media penetration. In emerging economies, facets such as growing spending power of consumers, abundance of international brands, and rapid urbanization is likely to help in the growth of the market in the near future. Browse Full Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/personal-care-market.html Global Personal Care Market: Regional Outline The global market for personal care can be segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Rest of the World. Asia Pacific is likely to emerge as a prominent region in the market with the changing lifestyle of consumers and incessantly growing population. North America and Europe are also likely to provide lucrative growth opportunities. Global Personal Care Market: Competitive Landscape The key companies operating in the market are Proctor & Gamble Company, Helen of Troy Ltd., Godrej Industries Ltd., Johnson & Johnson, Unilever, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Avon Products, and L’Oréal Paris, among others. About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Eye-Popping Statistics of Visual Content Industry by 2021 Next PostNext Eye and Face Protection Equipment Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trends & Forecast Analysis For 2016 – 2024 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Electric Shavers Strategic Business Report 2017: Growing Focus on Personal Grooming Among Men Drives Healthy Market Demand - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Mar 30, 2017, 08:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Mar 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Electric Shavers - Global Strategic Business Report" report to their offering. This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Electric Shavers in US$. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. The report profiles 31 companies including many key and niche players such as Conair Corporation (USA) BaByliss (UK) Koninklijke Philips N.V. (The Netherlands) Panasonic Corporation (Japan) The Procter & Gamble Company (USA) The Gillette Company (USA) Braun GmbH (Germany) Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (USA) Remington Products Company L.L.C (USA) Wahl Clipper Corporation (US) Key Topics Covered: 1. Industry Overview Electric Shavers: Providing Faster, Efficient, Convenient, Cost-Effective, and Comfortable Shave Market Fortunes Significantly Influenced by Trends in the Shaving Products Sector Major Trends & Drivers for the Shaving Products Market Rapidly Evolving Private Label Business A Highly Competitive Market at the Global Level Key Issues Confronting the Shaving Products Sector Global Market Outlook Asia-Pacific: Fastest Growing Electric Shavers Market Worldwide 2. Competition Electric Shavers: An Oligopolistic Market Philips Norelco: Sustaining Leadership through Innovations Philips Shavers: An Innovation Driven Journey Since 1939 Braun Electric Shavers: Transforming Shaving Since 1950 Braun Electric Shavers: Innovation Journey over the Years Noteworthy Electric Shaver Brands and Models of 2016 & 2017 Electric Shavers: Name of Brand/Model and Key Features Noteworthy Electrical Trimmer Brands and Models of 2016 & 2017 Electrical Trimmers: Name of Brand/Model, Category, and Key Features Noteworthy Electric Head Shaver Brands and Models of 2016 & 2017: Name of Brand/Model and Key Features Electric Head Shavers: Name of Brand/Model, Category, and Key Features Noteworthy Electric Shaver Brands and Models for Women in 2016 & 2017: Name of Brand/Model and Key Features Electric Shavers for Women: Name of Brand/Model, and Key Features Noteworthy Epilator Brands and Models for Women in 2016 & 2017: Name of Brand/Model and Key Features Epilators: Name of Brand/Model, Category, and Key Features Noteworthy Electric Personal Grooming Accessories for Men in 2016 & 2017: Name of Brand/Model, Category and Key Features Personal Grooming Accessories: Name of Brand/Model, Category, and Key Features Competition: Major Trends Intense Competition Aids Innovation Product Aesthetics Weigh over Technology Lower Price Products Create a New Niche The Beard Sporting and Moustache Fad Temporarily Impact Market Dynamics Expanding Global Presence: An Important Strategy for Sustaining Business New Strategies to Promote Low-Cost Offerings Cheaper Imports Compel Western Companies to Outsource Manufacturing Manufacturers Make Efforts to Use Eco-Friendly Materials Internet Marketing Fuels Market Competition 3. Market Trends, Issues and Drivers The 15-59 Years Age Group Accounting for the Largest Share of Global Population: The Fundamental Growth Driver India & China: Two Countries with the Largest Young Population Offer Huge Market Expansion Opportunities Growing Focus on Personal Grooming among Men Drives Healthy Market Demand Manscaping Trend Shifts Focus from Male Facial Hair to Body Shaving Male Hair Removal Gadgets: A Growth Engine for Personal Care Appliances Market Surging Popularity of Premium High-Priced Electric Shavers Bodes Well for the Market Ear and Nose Trimmers: An Underdeveloped Market Offering Untapped Growth Potential Increasing Demand for Female Shaving Products Benefit Market Expansion Opportune Time for Implementing Women-Focused Retail Strategies Metrosexual Trends Goes Mainstream, Expanding Beyond Urban Youth Expanding Urban Population: A Mega Trend Favoring Market Growth 4. Innovations and Advancements Science Enabling Perfect Shave Noteworthy Innovations in Design and Functionality Innovative Shavers Head Wet and Dry Functionalities Automatic Cleaning-cum-Charging Docks Personalization Philips' 9000 Series Offers the Closest Shave Ever Philips Electric Shaver Featuring Click-on and Click-off Technology Braun's CoolTec Technology PhilipsAquaTouch Wet and Dry Electric Shaver ShaveTech: An Electric Razor with a USB Port for Charging Sustainable Shaving: Usage of Solar Energy for Charging Shavers 5. Electric Shavers: Product Overview Electric Shavers: A Brief History Definition Classification of Electric Shavers Rotary and Foil Head Shaving Systems Dry and Wet Razors On the Basis on Power Source Electric Shavers for Men and Women Electric Shavers for Men Key Features Cutting Systems Shaver Heads Additional Features Maintenance Electric Shavers for Women Cutting Systems Epilators Shaving Products Definition and Classification Pre-Shave Products Shaving Lotions Shaving Creams Post-Shave Products Razors/Blades Razor Handles Razor Blades (Refills) Disposable Razors Electric Shavers Shaving Accessories & Others Shaving Techniques Wet Shaving Dry Shaving Side Effects of Shaving Cuts Razor Burn Razor Bumps Laser Hair Removal Treatment 6. Product Innovations and Introductions Braun Unveils New Range of Multi-Grooming Kits and Beard Trimmers Philips Launches Shaver Series 9000, Model 9031/26 Panasonic Introduces Arc5 Premium 5-Blade Men's Electric Shavers Bevel Unveils Bevel Trimmer Panasonic Introduces New Lv9n Electric Shaver for Men Philips Unveils Philips AquaTouch S5070 Braun Unveils All New Braun Series 9 Electric Razor Philips Introduces New Product Category, Philips Bodygroom Series 1000 Remington® Launches SmartEdge Foil Shaver Panasonic Introduces New LT-series Arc3 3-Blade Wet/Dry Shavers 7. Focus on Select Global Players Conair Corporation (USA) BaByliss (UK) Koninklijke Philips N.V. (The Netherlands) Panasonic Corporation (Japan) The Procter & Gamble Company (USA) The Gillette Company (USA) Braun GmbH (Germany) Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (USA) Remington Products Company L.L.C (USA) Wahl Clipper Corporation (US) 8. Global Market Perspective For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/xgb5h5/electric_shavers Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-electric-shavers-strategic-business-report-2017-growing-focus-on-personal-grooming-among-men-drives-healthy-market-demand---research-and-markets-300431706.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Mar 30, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: 3D Machine Vision Market to Reach $2.13 Billion by 2022 - Driven by Rising Demand for 3D Object Analyses in Manufacturing Applications - Research and Markets Mar 30, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Global Automotive Fabric Market, 2025: $45.9 Billion Growth Opportunities/Investment Opportunities - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 30, 2017, 10:13 ETResearch and Markets Has Announced the Launch of their Toyota... Mar 30, 2017, 09:59 ETResearch and Markets Has Announced the Launch of Their Berkshire... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Electric Shavers Strategic Business Report 2017: Growing Focus on Personal Grooming Among Men Drives Healthy Market Demand - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Mar 30, 2017, 08:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Follow @triplepundit 47.6k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit New Economy & Social Innovation Global Forum – With 3p Discount! NESI Forum 2017 is the unique Global Forum on New Economy and Social Innovation that brings together for the first time in history the main international representatives of the so-called New Economic Movements (NEMs). [REGISTER HERE] April 19-22: Malaga Spain Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Nike Jumps On Upcycling Bandwagon With New Shoe Packaging by Gina-Marie Cheeseman on Thursday, Mar 30th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Arthur Huang of Miniwiz worked with Nike on its new footwear packaging. Nike’s new shoe packaging is made from 100 percent post-consumer waste, including milk and orange juice containers and coffee lids. The shoe boxes are made from a single process of polypropylene with no added chemicals. Nike partnered with the Taiwanese company Miniwiz to create the packaging. In addition to being made from recycled materials, the boxes feature a modular design with an interlocking component that allows them to be stacked for either display or storage. “These are all intentional features and qualities which revolve around the intent of every Miniwiz product — reducing the impact on the environment in every way it can,” Arthur Huang, CEO of Miniwiz, said in a statement. “In this case, we’re adding features and efficiency to an existing product (shoe boxes) and by re-using non-virgin materials in a sustainable and responsible way.” The shoe packaging can be used as a backpack. And the shoe it’s built to support, the NikeLab Air Max 1 Royal, is made from the company’s Flyknit material. As Nike explains on its website, Flyknit is “precision-engineered stitch by stitch to create targeted zones of stretch and support for adaptive performance.” As a result, the material reduces waste sent to landfill by millions of pounds. “We love Flynit as a technology,” Huang said. “It gives designers a new canvas to create cool, while lowering environmental impact. We want to be associated with that and are glad that we are a part of this revolution.” In its latest sustainable business report, Nike said it envisions a “transition from linear to circular business models and a world that demands closed-loop products – designed with better materials, made with fewer resources and assembled to allow easy reuse in new products.” Achieving that will require “up-front product design, with materials reclaimed throughout the manufacturing process and at the end of a product’s life,” Nike concluded in its report. And the company is doing just that. For example, its leftover production materials are finding new life in shoes, athletic tracks and tennis courts. The ultimate goal is to “accelerate system-level change.” Most plastic packaging is used only once. And a whopping 95 percent of the value of plastic packaging material, or $80 billion to $120 billion annually, is lost to the economy, according to a report released last year by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation. And over 8 million tons of plastic waste is lost annually to the world’s oceans each year. Some companies are working to address the problem by designing packaging made from recycled ocean plastic. Back in 2012, Method released a hand soap in a bottle made from recycled ocean plastic and post-consumer recycled plastic. And last fall, Adidas launched a running shoe and soccer jerseys made from ocean plastic Parley for the Oceans recovered in coastal areas of the Maldives. Adidas hopes to make a million pairs of shoes using ocean plastic this year, and its “ultimate ambition is to eliminate virgin plastic from our supply chain,” said Eric Liedtke, an Adidas Group executive board member responsible for global brands. The company’s 2017 goal would mean that at least 11 million bottles would be retrieved from coastal areas by the Parley Global Clean-up Network and turned into sportswear. Procter and Gamble announced in January that its Head and Shoulders brand would produce a shampoo bottle made from up to 25 percent recycled beach plastic. It was the world’s first shampoo bottle made from beach plastic. P&G also announced in January that by the end of 2018 over half a million bottles a year will include up to 25 percent post-consumer recycled plastic. Meanwhile, in the electronics sector, Dell announced the industry’s first packaging trays made with 25 percent recycled ocean plastic in February. The packaging is part of a pilot program that supports the company’s goal to achieve 100 percent sustainable packaging by 2020. Image credit: Nike Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6472 articles in this category: Embattled Uber Releases Its First Diversity Report Nike Jumps On Upcycling Bandwagon With New Shoe Packaging RECAP: #TimberlandXThread with Timberland & Thread Gina-Marie is a freelance writer and journalist armed with a degree in journalism, and a passion for social justice, including the environment and sustainability. She writes for various websites, and has made the 75+ Environmentalists to Follow list by Mashable.com. Follow Gina-Marie Cheeseman @gmcheeseman Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
