
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville PROCTER and GAMBLE CO: PG STOCK IS SOLID GAINER By Scutify Nov 11, 2016 3:20 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. PROCTER & GAMBLE CO: PG STOCK IS SOLID GAINER Buz Investors PG Stock is Solid Gainer For stock chart enthusiasts, the long-term chart of consumer packaged goods company Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) tells the story of impressive sustainability and long-term performance that makes PG stock a staple for widow-and-orphan stock investors. Go around your home and I bet you have at least one of Procter & Gamble Co product lying around. Whether it's for body care or household needs, Procter & Gamble Co makes it. PG STOCK IS SOLID GAINER GREAT WIDOW-AND-ORPHAN STOCK PG Stock is Solid Gainer PG stock has been under some recent pressure, down from its 52-week high of $90.33, but there could be better times around the corner. If you believe in what President-elect Trump is selling, the country could be in for a period of economic renaissance, as wealth drives consumer spending higher. Since staging a 28% "V"-shaped rally from $64.00 in mid-September, Procter & Gamble stock has been gaining ground prior to the roadblock. If PG stock can hold up and attract buying support, we could see the stock rally to the $90.00 level. But even if a rally doesn't formulate immediately, Procter & Gamble stock could be held for the long-term while getting paid a dividend. Procter & Gamble Co needs to address its two straight fiscal years of declining revenues, however. There are estimates calling for some small growth in FY17 and FY18, which should help to support the PG stock price. This article was written by Richard Dambrosi for on . This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 EURUSD: Sees Price Extension On Bear Pressure 2 About Money Lobang 3 Intel Corporation: This Chart is why INTC Stock remains Bullish 4 Bouncing Around 5 Resuming the 7 Year Cycle in the US Dollar See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2016 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 565 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Hamilton Co. elects ex-P&G exec Ohio's first Hispanic female judge Politics Extra is a weekly column looking inside Greater Cincinnati politics. Post to Facebook Hamilton Co. elects ex-P&G exec Ohio's first Hispanic female judge Politics Extra is a weekly column looking inside Greater Cincinnati politics.  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2fKBBfG {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Hamilton Co. elects ex-P&G exec Ohio's first Hispanic female judge Jason Williams , jwilliams@enquirer.com 7:36 a.m. EST November 14, 2016 Marilyn Zayas-Davis (Photo: Provided) Politics Extra is a weekly column looking inside local politics (Scroll to the bottom to read "Micro-scoops & more") If anyone's still questioning whether Hamilton County has turned blue after Tuesday's election, we present newly elected appellate court judge Marilyn Zayas-Davis. No worries if you don't know who she is. Neither do many people in Zayas-Davis' own party, even after the former Procter & Gamble tech manager pulled off the biggest upset yet in the Democrats' ongoing efforts to take control of elected seats in Hamilton County. She edged well-known Republican Peter Stautberg in a 1st District Court of Appeals race to become the first Hispanic woman ever elected to a judicial seat in Ohio. That's any level of the judicial system, according to the Ohio Commission on Hispanic/Latino Affairs. Democrats had a big week locally, including taking control of the board of commissioners for just the second time since 1962. Many of their victories are easy to explain, but Democratic insiders still are trying to figure out how Zayas-Davis did it. Maybe the first-time candidate simply wanted it more and outworked her opponent. In addition, even though party affiliation isn’t listed in judicial races, county voters continued to lean Democratic and maybe being a woman with an ethnic name helped. And frankly, Stautberg didn't run a very aggressive campaign. We're not picking on the respected judge and former state lawmaker because he wasn't the only Republican who appeared to rely too heavily on name recognition to carry the day (see: Winkler, Tracy). But let's not take anything away from Zayas-Davis, a former Hamilton County public defender who used more than $19,000 of her own money for the campaign. “Supposedly I had every strike working against me," the Anderson Township resident said. "But to everybody who says we’re close-minded in Hamilton County and that you can’t be an outsider here and be successful, thank you Hamilton County for proving everybody wrong. This is my home, and I feel such pride that people gave me a chance.” CINCINNATI.COM See how local Dems made history CINCINNATI.COM Will GOP's grip loosen more in Hamilton County? Politics Extra wants to see more diverse candidates from both parties run for office, and commends Zayas-Davis for rejecting a recommendation from a fellow Democrat to change her name. "Somebody said, 'That's not a good ballot name, and you’re not going to do well with that name. You need to change it to Marilyn Davis,' " Zayas-Davis recalled. "I said, 'That’s not who I am.' I slept on it, and it was clear to me the next day to run on 'The Z.' " Zayas-Davis, 51, introduced herself to people at parades, festivals and other community events as "The Z" or "Marilyn Z." She grew up in New York City after her parents moved there from Puerto Rico. Her dad worked in a printing shop; her mom in a clothes-sewing factory. Zayas-Davis first became interested in law when she was 19. Her parents were going through a divorce then, and she would accompany her mother to the courthouse for custody hearings regarding her 9-year-old brother. "There was a lot of abuse that had gone on in my home," Zayas-Davis said. "I was going there to protect my brother because there really weren’t any services available through the courts to help him." Zayas-Davis went on to get her degree in computer science from City University of New York. It helped her land a job at P&G in 1988. She continued to have an interest in law and often talked to her husband about going to law school. After six years at Procter, she quit and went to the University of Cincinnati. She had three children under the age of 4 when she entered law school full-time. She now runs her own firm, Downtown-based MZD Law, which focuses on immigration law. Zayas-Davis didn't originally plan to run for elected office. In 2014 at the request of a friend, she attended a meeting of a Democratic party committee that vets judicial candidates. She intended only on observing the meeting, but was unexpectedly called on to answer questions from the committee. Democratic party Chairman Tim Burke and others talked Zayas-Davis into running just before the filing deadline last December. "At first, I didn't take it seriously," she said. "I went home and prayed about it, and felt I'd be disingenuous and a hypocrite if I didn't do it because I’m always trying to push people to get out of their comfort zone and make our community better." MICRO-SCOOPS & MORE • If Hillary Clinton had been elected president, Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley might have joined her administration. In recent weeks, Cranley was being mentioned as a serious candidate for Secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). It wasn't far-fetched. Former President Bill Clinton likes how Cranley has embraced the new markets tax credit program, which Clinton's administration created. Clinton and Cranley have talked multiple times about the program, which offers tax breaks to spark development in low-income neighborhoods. They most recently discussed it off-stage at the annual Coney Island Labor Day picnic. Weeks later, Clinton mentioned Cranley while talking about the program during an interview on CNBC. In June, Cranley hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton at the mayor's Hyde Park home. Even another connection: Cranley went to Harvard Law School with current HUD Secretary Julian Castro. • Ohio Democratic Party Chairman David Pepper's novel continues to receive high marks. The Wall Street Journal has dubbed "The People's House" a "sleeper candidate" for political thriller of the year. The former City Councilman and Hamilton County Commissioner is scheduled to discuss and sign his book 6 p.m.-7:30 p.m. on Monday at the Mercantile Library, 414 Walnut Street, Downtown. The event is free and open to the public. The library requests those who plan to attend to send an email to reservations@mercantilelibrary.com or call 513-621-0717. • Hyde Park Republican Tamie Sullivan has received international attention for her Enquirer op-ed in which she proclaimed her support for Hillary Clinton. Switzerland's national broadcasting network SRG SSR – think NPR or BBC – interviewed Sullivan last week as part of a story on the U.S. election. The op-ed also caught the attention of Republicans For Hillary, a group co-founded by former George W. Bush administration staffers Ricardo Reyes and John Stubbs. Sullivan, who is considering a run for City Council, joined Reyes and Stubbs on a panel last week. • Greg Landsman wasn't on the ballot Tuesday, but the Mount Washington resident was one of the biggest winners. He led efforts to organize the successful Issue 44 school levy, a big accomplishment Landsman can tout during his upcoming City Council campaign. His political future also might have been helped in other ways. Fellow Democrats Aftab Pureval and Denise Driehaus won their countywide races, eliminating the possibility of either of them running for council. Landsman, Pureval and Driehaus would've competed for the same votes and donors in the council race. Landsman narrowly missed being elected to council in 2013, and he's again expected to be a top contender among non-incumbents. • UC's student government this month voted 27-1 in support of extending the streetcar line to Uptown, according to the university's student newspaper. Follow Enquirer local politics reporter Jason Williams on Twitter @jwilliamscincy. Send tips, questions and comments to jwilliams@enquirer.com. 565 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2fKBBfG TOP VIDEOS La Salle wins regional championship 0:55 911 call: I'm being attacked by bear; I'm going to die 1:05 Joe Deters: \u0022I didn't believe the tears for a second\u0022 2:47 Are deals better on Black Friday or Cyber Monday? 1:00 Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 More Stories What are the questions Tensing jurors asked during deliberations? Nov. 18, 2016, 4:29 p.m.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 72 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIL instead  His parents wanted him to be a chemist, but all Munir Abdulkader could think about were knives and pipe bombs. Post to Facebook Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIL instead  His parents wanted him to be a chemist, but all Munir Abdulkader could think about were knives and pipe bombs.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fKdpub {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIL instead USA Today Network Keith BieryGolick, The Cincinnati Enquirer 3:28 p.m. EST November 11, 2016 Munir Abdulkader (Photo: Provided/Butler County Sheriff's Office) CINCINNATI ---  His parents wanted him to be a chemist, but all Munir Abdulkader could think about were knives and pipe bombs. Abdulkader, praised for his intelligence in court documents, received a scholarship after graduating from Lakota East High School to attend Xavier University. He majored in chemistry. His mother hoped he might work for Procter & Gamble, but instead he plead guilty earlier this year to a gruesome plan officials say was approved by a religious leader for the terror group Islamic State, or ISIL. His mother told Vocativ reporters in 2014 Abdulkader didn't have a phone and never did anything but study. Not exactly. "I really don't like living here," Abdulkader told a confidential government informant in 2015, according to court documents. USA TODAY Ohio man pleads guilty to plotting attack on U.S. officials Government officials say the West Chester Township resident tweeted images of beheadings and support for the Islamic State terror group almost daily. Abdulkader dreamed of traveling to Syria and attaining martyrdom. "I love my parents and family," he once wrote on Twitter, according to court documents. "I don't want to pay them with money after college, rather through the intercession of a (martyr) on that day." Eventually, U.S. officials say, a prominent overseas member of ISIL directed and helped him plot to kill a government employee, film it and attack a police station in the Cincinnati area -- trying to kill as many cops as possible. Officials have refused to say which police station was targeted. Abudlkader pleaded guilty earlier this year to three charges related to the plot. Prosecutors are seeking a sentence of 25 years in prison, including a lifetime of supervised release. The 22-year-old is scheduled to be sentenced next week. Ahead of his sentencing, new court documents filed Thursday in federal court reveal more about Abdulkader and his plan than ever before. Here's what we learned: Abdulkader hid terror plans from his parents: FBI agents interviewed Abdulkader's older brother about Abdulkader's pro-ISIL statements on Twitter in 2014. A few months later, reporters with Vocativ, a media company that uses data-mining technology to access information on the Internet most can't, interviewed Abdulkader's mom. Although the family is originally from Eritrea in eastern Africa, she said Abdulkader was born in the United States and has never left the country. Abdulkader and his family moved from New York City to West Chester in 2009. Abdulkader immediately deleted his Facebook and Twitter accounts after his mom did the interview. But he created a new Twitter account condemning journalists, according to court documents, and continued to post about his support of ISIL. In November of 2014, he posted about feeling sick to his stomach for not being in Syria. He also said he teared up after watching an ISIL video. To conceal his plans to travel to Syria, Abdulkader lied on his passport application and had it mailed to a friend's house. He also tweeted misleading statements online to disguise his real reason for traveling, U.S. officials said. "I get to see my grandparents soon," he tweeted on Jan. 14, 2015. "Been 16+ years. They're weak and dying." This is a picture, included in a sentencing memorandum, of the AK-47 Munir Abdulkader purchased in 2015.  (Photo: Provided/United States Attorneys Office) He wanted to kill a soldier who had been in Iraq or Afghanistan: The same day Abdulkader tweeted about visiting his grandparents, the FBI arrested Christopher Cornell. Cornell, of Green Township, planned to bomb the U.S. Capitol and shoot President Barack Obama in the head. "I'm with the Islamic State," Cornell told WXIX-TV in an interview from jail. Abdulkader had received a voice mail from a member of ISIL with instructions on how to travel and successfully cross the border into the war zone, according to court documents. But Cornell's arrest and other highly-publicized incidents forced Abdulkader to rethink his plan. Junaid Hussain, a well-known ISIL operative heavily involved in the group's recruitment, also told him travel was too risky. Hussain was killed in an air strike about three months after Abdulkader was arrested. Before his death, he was said to be a central figure for the terror group. Turning his attention to an attack in the United States, Abdulkader talked about the FBI headquarters. He then switched his target a military base, before concerns about tightened security there made him rethink again. The new plan: Raid a government employee's home, behead him and use pipe bombs to attack a police station. Fight until he was killed. Hussain, according to court documents, even suggested Abdulkader wear the government employee's uniform to the police station. When asked about beheading the employee, Abdulkader told a confidential government source it was the "only way to send a loud message." "Abdulkader was adamant that he wanted Hussain to provide information about an actual soldier who had fought in Iraq or Afghanistan," according to court documents. It was not clear why, although Abdulkader had posted online messages about two of his cousins who died fighting in Syria. Abdulkader talked to Hussain about 2015 attacks in Garland, Texas, where two gunmen attacked a Mohammed cartoon drawing event. One guard was wounded before the two attackers were killed. Abdulkader didn't believe the gunmen trained enough, so he began making plans to buy a gun and practice shooting it. "I'm actually very excited for the confrontation," he told Hussain on May 16, 2015, according to court documents. Abudalkder then bought an AK-47 rifle, through an arrangement set up by the confidential source, in a Mason parking lot and was arrested by the FBI. USA TODAY 'Martyrdom' was on mind of man who plotted U.S. attack An expert believes Abdulkader was unfairly set up: Marc Sageman is a former CIA operations officer. He works as a counterterrorism consultant and forensic psychiatrist. He has written extensively Al-Qaeda and other terrorist organizations. Sageman argues in a court filing the FBI's use of a confidential source gave Abdulkader the means to carry out an attack he couldn't have done without the government's involvement. He also said Abdulkader isn't likely to return to terroristic activity when released from jail. "By setting (the defendant) up via the (confidential human source) and arresting him," said Sageman. "The FBI did not make the United States safer from terrorism." Sageman said Abdulkader was curious and retweeted videos. He said he wanted to immigrate to Syria to live in a "genuine land of Islam." The prosecuting attorneys argued Abdulkader was in contact with Hussain long before he was contacted by their confidential informant. Prosecutors attacked Sageman in their response, saying theories in his recent book, "Misunderstanding Terrorism,"forced him to view the Abdulkader case in a certain way. "Sageman's confounding conclusion is a product of his deep-seed biases reflected in his new book," United State Attorney Benjamin Glassman wrote in a memorandum. "And so, Sageman rewrote the facts to reach a tortured conclusion." Abdulkader is scheduled to be sentenced on Nov. 18. 72 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fKdpub
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 72 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIS instead Ahead of Munir Abdulkader's sentencing, court documents discuss his background and plan in greater detail than ever before. Post to Facebook Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIS instead Ahead of Munir Abdulkader's sentencing, court documents discuss his background and plan in greater detail than ever before.  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2fK89Xa {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. This story is part of Christopher Lee Cornell Sentencing rescheduled for US Capitol plot suspect Cornell Plea: Green Twp. man planned terror attack during '15 Obama speech Man accused of supporting ISIL expected to plead Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIS instead Keith BieryGolick , kbierygolick@enquirer.com 6:15 p.m. EST November 11, 2016 This is a picture, included in a sentencing memorandum, of the AK-47 Munir Abdulkader purchased in 2015. (Photo: Provided/United States Attorneys Office) His parents wanted him to be a chemist, but all Munir Abdulkader could think about were knives and pipe bombs. Abdulkader, praised for his intelligence in court documents, received a scholarship after graduating from Lakota East High School to attend Xavier University. He majored in chemistry. His mother hoped he might work for Procter & Gamble. She told Vocativ reporters in 2014 Abdulkader didn't have a phone and never did anything but study. Not exactly. "I really don't like living here," Abdulkader told a confidential government informant in 2015, according to court documents. Government officials say the West Chester Township resident tweeted images of beheadings and support for the Islamic State terror group almost daily. Abdulkader dreamed of traveling to Syria and attaining martyrdom. "I love my parents and family," he once wrote on Twitter, according to court documents. "I don't want to pay them with money after college, rather through the intercession of a (martyr) on that day." Eventually, U.S. officials say, a prominent overseas member of ISIL directed and helped him plot to kill a government employee, film it and attack a police station in the Cincinnati area -- trying to kill as many cops as possible. Officials have refused to say which police station was targeted. Abudlkader pleaded guilty earlier this year to three charges related to the plot. Prosecutors are seeking a sentence of 25 years in prison, including a lifetime of supervised release. The 22-year-old is scheduled to be sentenced next week. Ahead of his sentencing, new court documents filed Thursday in federal court reveal more about Abdulkader and his plan than ever before. Here's what we learned: Abdulkader hid terror plans from his parents: FBI agents interviewed Abdulkader's older brother about Abdulkader's pro-ISIL statements on Twitter in 2014. A few months later, reporters with Vocativ, a media company that uses data-mining technology to access information on the internet most can't, interviewed Abdulkader's mom. Although the family is originally from Eritrea in eastern Africa, she said Abdulkader was born in the United States and has never left the country. Abdulkader and his family moved from New York City to West Chester in 2009. Abdulkader immediately deleted his Facebook and Twitter accounts after his mom did the interview. But he created a new Twitter account condemning journalists, according to court documents, and continued to post about his support of ISIL. In November of 2014, he posted about feeling sick to his stomach for not being in Syria. He also said he teared up after watching an ISIL video. To conceal his plans to travel to Syria, Abdulkader lied on his passport application and had it mailed to a friend's house. He also tweeted misleading statements online to disguise his real reason for traveling, U.S. officials said. "I get to see my grandparents soon," he tweeted on Jan. 14, 2015. "Been 16+ years. They're weak and dying." He wanted to kill a soldier who had been in Iraq or Afghanistan: The same day Abdulkader tweeted about visiting his grandparents, the FBI arrested Christopher Cornell. Cornell, of Green Township, planned to bomb the U.S. Capitol and shoot President Barack Obama in the head. "I'm with the Islamic State," Cornell told WXIX-TV in an interview from jail. Abdulkader had received a voice mail from a member of ISIL with instructions on how to travel and successfully cross the border into the war zone, according to court documents. But Cornell's arrest and other highly-publicized incidents forced Abdulkader to rethink his plan. Junaid Hussain, a well-known ISIL operative heavily involved in the group's recruitment, also told him travel was too risky. Hussain was killed in an air strike about three months after Abdulkader was arrested. Before his death, he was said to be a central figure for the terror group. Turning his attention to an attack in the United States, Abdulkader talked about the FBI headquarters. He then switched his target a military base, before concerns about tightened security there made him rethink again. The new plan: Raid a government employee's home, behead him and use pipe bombs to attack a police station. Fight until he was killed. Hussain, according to court documents, even suggested Abdulkader wear the government employee's uniform to the police station. When asked about beheading the employee, Abdulkader told a confidential government source it was the "only way to send a loud message." "Abdulkader was adamant that he wanted Hussain to provide information about an actual soldier who had fought in Iraq or Afghanistan," according to court documents. It was not clear why, although Abdulkader had posted online messages about two of his cousins who died fighting in Syria. Abdulkader talked to Hussain about 2015 attacks in Garland, Texas, where two gunmen attacked a Muhammad cartoon drawing event. One guard was wounded before the two attackers were killed. Abdulkader didn't believe the gunmen trained enough, so he began making plans to buy a gun and practice shooting it. "I'm actually very excited for the confrontation," he told Hussain on May 16, 2015, according to court documents. Abudalkder then bought an AK-47 rifle, through an arrangement set up by the confidential source, in a Mason parking lot and was arrested by the FBI. An expert believes Abdulkader was unfairly set up: Marc Sageman is a former CIA operations officer. He works as a counterterrorism consultant and forensic psychiatrist. He has written extensively al-Qaida and other terrorist organizations. Sageman argues in a court filing the FBI's use of a confidential source gave Abdulkader the means to carry out an attack he couldn't have done without the government's involvement. He also said Abdulkader isn't likely to return to terroristic activity when released from jail. "By setting (the defendant) up via the (confidential human source) and arresting him," said Sageman, "the FBI did not make the United States safer from terrorism." Sageman said Abdulkader was curious and retweeted videos. He said he wanted to emigrate to Syria to live in a "genuine land of Islam." The prosecuting attorneys argued Abdulkader was in contact with Hussain long before he was contacted by their confidential informant. Prosecutors attacked Sageman in their response, saying theories in his recent book, "Misunderstanding Terrorism," forced him to view the Abdulkader case in a certain way. "Sageman's confounding conclusion is a product of his deep-seed biases reflected in his new book," United State Attorney Benjamin Glassman wrote in a memorandum. "And so, Sageman rewrote the facts to reach a tortured conclusion." Abdulkader is scheduled to be sentenced on Nov. 18. 72 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2fK89Xa TOP VIDEOS La Salle wins regional championship 0:55 911 call: I'm being attacked by bear; I'm going to die 1:05 Joe Deters: \u0022I didn't believe the tears for a second\u0022 2:47 Are deals better on Black Friday or Cyber Monday? 1:00 Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Christopher Lee Cornell Sentencing rescheduled for US Capitol plot suspect Cornell Associated Press Plea: Green Twp. man planned terror attack during '15 Obama speech Kevin Grasha Man accused of supporting ISIL expected to plead Kevin Grasha Dramatic change in terror suspect's appearance Kevin Grasha Judge sets competency hearing in terror plot case Dan Sewell 10 times Cincinnati made national news in 2015 This story is part of Christopher Lee Cornell Sentencing rescheduled for US Capitol plot suspect Cornell Plea: Green Twp. man planned terror attack during '15 Obama speech Man accused of supporting ISIL expected to plead
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics CRM ANF Best Investments 2017 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Offers Growth AND Stability Procter & Gamble (PG) has started its new fiscal year with a bang By Richard Band, Editor, Profitable Investing  |  Nov 11, 2016, 11:49 am EST     Popular Posts: Metlife Inc (MET) Is Starting Its Run Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Offers Growth AND Stability Recent Posts: Metlife Inc (MET) Is Starting Its Run Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Offers Growth AND Stability Target Corporation (TGT) Stock Is a Buy Before the Holidays View All Posts In 2014, Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) announced big changes — it was planning on getting rid of half of its consumer product brands. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) And while that ‘rationalization’ has worked out very well in the past couple years, PG stock remains committed to whittling down its portfolio even further. It has cut 60 brands from its portfolio and is targeting another 44 brands by the end of the year. That will leave PG with about 65 brands. For most companies, taking these aggressive measures would only come after consistently bad quarters and a tanking stock. But at PG, this is the way this company has been able to grow and build for nearly 180 years. That is a very long time to be a profitable business. President Martin Van Buren had just taken over for Andrew Jackson. Chicago and Houston signed their city charters. The Second Seminole War — or Florida War — was underway. And PG was already making money. It continues that long-standing tradition today. And its longevity has been dependent upon broad vision and a focused strategy. 7 A-Rated Cheap Stocks to Buy for Rapid-Fire Growth But its long view doesn’t always benefit the stock price. For the past year, the stock has moved up 9%, which is solid, but not spectacular. The PG Stock Slowdown In late October, PG stock released its Q1 fiscal year 2017 earnings. They were hopeful. Sales were up an average of 3% and earnings per share were up 5%. That means Procter & Gamble’s brand rationalization is doing what management had hoped — allowing its dominant brands more room to grow while cutting back on the less profitable secondary and tertiary brands. As this thinning of the herd continues, it will position PG for new opportunities as well as a stronger focus on its best brands. Also remember, Procter & Gamble is one of the longest-running dividend aristocrats around — it has raised dividends every year for the past 50-plus years. That’s quite a record. And it shows the company’s commitment to shareholders. Right now, its dividend yield is running around a respectable 3.2%. In recent years PG has been a pretty slow grower, but much of that can laid at the feet of CEO Bob McDonald, who arrived in 2009. He began to grow the brands Procter & Gamble had in hopes that more is better. By 2013, activist shareholders were not impressed with the direction McDonald was PG and had him replaced with the CEO who ran the company from 2000 to 2009, when growth was much stronger, AG Lafley. But what Lafley started, was to be handed over to yet another CEO in 2015, David Taylor. Taylor is a longtime employee of PG and has continued to consolidate brands to the good of the stock. Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Stock: The Sky’s the Limit While the markets are going a bit crazy trying to gain advantage in this new world of a Donald Trump presidency, the fact is that a Trump administration is a blank slate for now. Add to that the fact that it’s very likely the Federal Reserve will raise rates in December and you have real instability that will increase volatility into 2017. PG is a bulwark against that volatility. It will win regardless. And when institutional money gets scared, it heads to Procter & Gamble. Either way, you win. Richard Band’s Profitable Investing advisory service helps retirement savers outperform the market without losing a minute of sleep along the way. His straightforward style and low-risk value approach has won seven Best Financial Advisory awards from the Newsletter and Electronic Publishers Foundation. More From InvestorPlace 7 A-Rated Cheap Stocks to Buy for Rapid-Fire Growth 9 Shiny New Dividend Stocks You Can Trust in the Long Run Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/11/procter-gamble-co-pg-stability-ipmedia/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Mutual Funds for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Will Apple iPhones Be Made in the USA? Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement The 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Most Popular Most Commented 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Dow Jones Continues Charging Ahead 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Could Soar on … Google Maps? Trade of the Day: Array BioPharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Executive Creative Director Nancy Hannon Resigns From Leo Burnett Chicago Advertisement NEXT:5 Biggest Posts of the Past 5 Days PREVIOUS:Friday Odds and Ends Revolving Door Executive Creative Director Nancy Hannon Resigns From Leo Burnett Chicago By Erik Oster on Nov. 11, 2016 - 3:41 PMComment Executive vice president, global executive creative director Nancy Hannon announced her resignation from her position at Leo Burnett Chicago. Sources claim Hannon stepped down on Monday to avoid impending layoffs resulting from the agency’s recent loss of the McDonald’s account and that she has accepted a position at Ogilvy & Mather. Both Leo Burnett and Ogilvy & Mather declined to comment. Hannon has served in her current role since December of 2014, leading P&G’s global Always account. Before joining Leo Burnett she spent a little over a year as executive vice president, executive creative director at Energy BBDO, focusing on the agency’s Quaker and Bayer accounts. That followed five years as a senior vice president, group creative director with The Martin Agency, where she worked with clients including Walmart, Hanes, the American Cancer Society, Living Social, and Opportunity International. Prior to that she spent over four years as vice president, creative director with Y&R Chicago, focusing on the Sears account. DDB triumphed over Leo Burnett in the McDonald’s creative review in late August, with the fast food chain choosing to consolidate its account with Omnicom. Earlier that month, Leo Burnett Chicago parted ways with just over twenty employees, after laying off about ten employees in March and an undisclosed number in what the agency described as a “restructuring move” the following month. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Home| Resource Library| Community| Knowledge Centers| Events| Products| Magazine Control Global Login Register Measure Calibration| Expansions and contractions in the process automation industry Microsoft teams with OPC Foundation to support IIoT; Emerson updates SCADA system, RTUs. Microsoft Corp. is working with the OPC Foundation to enable almost any IIoT scenario using interoperability between the millions of OPC UA-compliant applications and equipment. Microsoft will enable IIoT users to connect manufacturing equipment and software with extended support of OPC UA's open-source software stack. Microsoft’s extended support for OPC UA spans its IoT offerings from local connectivity with Windows devices to cloud connectivity via Microsoft Azure. Integration with Azure IoT allows customers to easily send OPC UA data to the Azure cloud, as well as command and control OPC UA devices remotely from the Azure cloud. Pepperl+Fuchs broke ground June 2 on its new U.S. distribution and engineering center in Katy, Texas, near… Full Story Recent Product Roundup: More capable software improving calibration tools Resource Guide: Best summer reading, videos in process automation ISA, Beamex to host calibration workshop We need a standard for stating measurement accuracy Flow| Electrical capacitance tomography keeps eye on scale ECT gives real-time images of pipe interiors to monitor and manage process scaling. While routine build-up and clogging in process applications is annoying, process scaling is more persistent, causes unplanned downtime and increases costs in many industries. It's typically composed of calcium carbonate, wax, grease or similar… Full Story Recent Piercing thick flow problems Ask The Experts: How to protect a venturi flowmeter? Resource Guide: Best summer reading, videos in process automation Capacity control of reciprocating compressors Level| Liquid radar level moves up to 80 GHz Narrower beams, smaller antennae and higher sensitivity handle compact, cluttered or non-conductive applications. Noncontact radar level technology is widely used, offering accuracy to 2 mm, range approaching 200 meters, and tolerance of extreme pressures and temperatures with high stability, no moving parts and little maintenance. Steady improvements in signal processing that allow it to accommodate a broad range of vessels and process materials, along with reduced power consumption (including two-wire versions that operate on 4-20 mA) and lower costs have made it the first choice of many instrument specifiers for liquid level. But conventional noncontact radar is restricted to 26 GHz, which leads to compromises in antenna size and beam angle that limit its ability to accommodate foam, buildup and spurious reflections from mounting fittings, tank… Full Story Recent VEGA Americas, Temco explore latest in radar instrumentation Radar level adds abilities State of Technology Report: Level Instrumentation Flow control leveraging better technologies, lower costs Pressure| Ask The Experts: How to protect a venturi flowmeter? Our panel of experts explore best practices for dealing with buildup on chemical seals of a differential pressure flowmeter. Q: We have a venturi flowmeter with 3-in. flanged pressure taps and flanged chemical seals with capillary tubes in a 44-in. vertical pipe (Figure 1). The fluid is hydrocarbon (polymeric) gas. The problem is that the chemical seal diaphragms often… Full Story Recent How to troubleshoot and calibrate 4-20 mA Taming temperature and pressure Product Roundup: More capable software improving calibration tools Béla Lipták on safety: Oil and Gas Temperature| How to troubleshoot and calibrate 4-20 mA Best practices for troubleshooting analog circuits to the PLC. A Control Design reader writes: We have several temperature, pressure and flow sensors on a new medical-device cleaning skid that we are developing. These instruments are connected to a PLC as 4-20 mA inputs, and there is also a 4-20 mA output used to control a pump motor speed. A recent failure of a flow sensor brought the process skid instrumentation to my company's quality manager's attention. He asked how we know that the temperatures, pressure and flow are accurate, and how do we know that we are cleaning properly. I've been tasked to write a procedure for troubleshooting, calibrating and testing the 4-20 mA instruments on the skid. I can probably stumble through this, but what are some best practices for troubleshooting the analog… Full Story Recent Maintaining energy efficient enclosure climate control Taming temperature and pressure Thin-film RTDs offer fast response, streamline calibration We need a standard for stating measurement accuracy Vibration| Meggitt offers HART-enabled vibration sensors Meggitt's PCH420V vibration sensor has a programmable transmitter that allows vibration data to be accessed by HART enabled process controllers. Meggitt's PCH420V is the first HART®-enabled piezo-electric vibration sensor enabling continuous online monitoring of balance-of-plant assets with a digital connection to PLC or DCS systems for local analysis of multiple vibration bands. They are capable of installation in multi-drop configurations and reduce wiring requirements. HART functionality enables the user to specify vibration frequency bands, detector types and full-scale measurement ranges—effectively enabling field-configuration for specific monitoring requirements. PCH420 sensors are powered by the network for continuous coverage, unlike wireless solutions only offering snapshots of asset performance and employing batteries that require frequent replacement. Utilizing PCH… Full Story Recent Designing and testing networking devices for harsh environments 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Meggitt provides HART-enabled piezo-electric vibration sensors Level Field Weight| Resource Guide: Weighing systems tip usefulness scale Control's Monthly Resource Guide brings you the latest online resources on a variety of process control topics. MULTI-PART WEIGHING This four-section webpage by Omega Engineering covers "Weighing Applications," "Weighing System Design," "Installation and Calibration" and "Specialized Installations." The whole group is located at… Full Story Recent 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Quickly Test Load Cell Systems The Care and Feeding of your Weigh Cells Industrial Safety Disasters: Not Again-Again and Again Analyzers 10 analyzer resource guides you need to know about Here are 10 online resources to help you understand analyzers, their limitations and advances. PROCESS ANALYZERS 101 This 45-minute video, "Continuous Gas Analyzers," was presented at the Siemens Industry 2013 event. The presentation covers analyzers, sample systems, sample points, defining requirements and budgets, and understanding overall… Full Story Recent 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Statistical process control: How to quantify product quality How to simplify analyzer installation Data analysis is only as beneficial as the process and equipment it improves Control Loop Control| Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things Actionable information is essential for the effectiveness of the 'loop,' as it is for closed-loop control and open-loop alarms. When I sat down in my office this morning, I was greeted by the operations manager, who pointed out an entry from last night’s operations log: “Did you see? The boiler steam vent is in manual because the pressure reading whacked out and made the… Full Story Recent Product Roundup: More capable software improving calibration tools Resource Guide: Best summer reading, videos in process automation Operational performance criteria and the future of multivariable control Fine points of compressor surge control Distributed Control| Embracing changing technologies provides more options, opportunities Key is to learn as much as possible to make digital technologies safe, secure and successful in process settings. As usual, and I’m sure this is true for many of you, this year’s autumn season has been a frantic dash of work, deadlines, sleep deprivation, indigestion and suspiciously arthritic stiffness. In my case, this means covering all sides of the… Full Story Recent DCS market to decline and recover: ARC Advisory Group Making the case for hardware standardization Not your fathers’ DCS migration ControlEdge PLC eases integration with DCS and IIoT PLCs & PACs| How to troubleshoot and calibrate 4-20 mA Best practices for troubleshooting analog circuits to the PLC. A Control Design reader writes: We have several temperature, pressure and flow sensors on a new medical-device cleaning skid that we are developing. These instruments are connected to a PLC as 4-20 mA inputs, and there is also a 4-20 mA output used to control a pump motor speed. A recent failure of a flow sensor brought the process skid instrumentation to my company's quality manager's attention. He asked how we know that the temperatures, pressure and flow are accurate, and how do we know that we are cleaning properly. I've been tasked to write a procedure for troubleshooting, calibrating and testing the 4-20 mA instruments on the skid. I can probably stumble through this, but what are some best practices for troubleshooting the analog… Full Story Recent Turck turns I/O devices into field logic controllers Schneider Electric clicks at Connect 2016 Emerging trends in PLCs, PCs and PACs Redundant PACs bolster PlantStruxure PES SCADA| Water Forum: When to install a condition monitoring system Equipment and repair costs are not the only factors to consider when deciding whether to apply continuous, integrated condition monitoring to rotating equipment. “How expensive is a failure going to be?” asked Kim Chapman, senior project engineer, Hubbell, Roth & Clark, Inc. “We don’t monitor to protect the equipment, we monitor to protect our wallets.” Chapman presented “Monitoring… Full Story Recent Inductive Automation’s Ignition Community Conference 2016 innovates in all directions ICC 2016: Users run with SCADA capabilities Commercial off-the-shelf technology to the rescue, again Self-service analytics for non-data-scientists Multivariable Control| Expanding advanced process control to secondary units Advanced control on fuel and steam can control emissions while saving millions. It’s no secret that advanced process control (APC) has played a major role in the process industries for many decades. However, while many organizations focus only on major process units, there’s often an untapped opportunity to do more, and… Full Story Recent Boilers as fast as fast can be Continuous improvement of continuous processes Model-less multivariable control in practice 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Industrial Computers 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Our readers tell us who they think delivers the best technology in our industry There's knowledge in our readers. That's why every year we ask our loyal audience to help us determine which automation service providers offer the best products and brands they can rely on to get the best combination of performance, ease of use,… Full Story Recent Working with IoT is not as easy as it sounds Avoiding the Internet of spam still requires human intelligence Online resources: PLCs and industrial computers Software development: Every company's next core competence Manipulate Motors| Innovations abound in CONNECT Expo Hall Schneider Electric and its partners show how coordinating process control technologies can optimize users' applications and ensure their success. Like a really great gift basket with seemingly endless treats, the Expo Hall at this week’s Schneider Electric CONNECT 2016 user group conference reveals one terrific surprise after another. The Expo Hall is organized by industries, functional… Full Story Recent Resource Guide: Drives and motors turn up value 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Product RoundUp: Motors and drives refuse to stand still Why not more sophisticated capabilities for motors and drives Valves| Resource Guide: valves, actuators and positioners Control's monthly guide brings you invaluable industry information to stay up to date on the latest trends and developments. THE CLASSIC VALVE BOOK The fourth edition of the 295-page classic text, "Control Valve Handbook," by Fisher Controls International and Emerson Process Management reports this classic text has been a primary reference since its first printing in1965. Full Story Recent Ask The Experts: Control valve for cavitating acids? Ask The Experts: Maximum rangeability of linear valves Correcting butterfly valve operation Béla Lipták on safety: Oil and Gas Actuators| Resource Guide: valves, actuators and positioners Control's monthly guide brings you invaluable industry information to stay up to date on the latest trends and developments. THE CLASSIC VALVE BOOK The fourth edition of the 295-page classic text, "Control Valve Handbook," by Fisher Controls International and Emerson Process Management reports this classic text has been a primary reference since its first printing in1965. Full Story Recent 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Reader feedback: How large does an actuator have to be to handle actual process conditions? New Valve Actuators Address Both Ends of Torque Spectrum All About Actuators, Positioners Drives Drive turns pump into smart, connected asset Process optimization, energy management and asset management benefit from services-based Altivar Process drive. The new Altivar Process variable speed drive from Schneider Electric offers a platform of standard, engineered and special features to meet the needs of industrial and municipal process applications where high functionality of features is… Full Story Recent Resource Guide: Drives and motors turn up value 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Product RoundUp: Motors and drives refuse to stand still Motors and drives: Driving forces Visualize HMI| Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things Actionable information is essential for the effectiveness of the 'loop,' as it is for closed-loop control and open-loop alarms. When I sat down in my office this morning, I was greeted by the operations manager, who pointed out an entry from last night’s operations log: “Did you see? The boiler steam vent is in manual because the pressure reading whacked out and made the… Full Story Recent The future of internet access to field devices Special Report: Trends in HMI/SCADA What does good control room design look like? Simply virtualized HMI solution Operator Interface| Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things Actionable information is essential for the effectiveness of the 'loop,' as it is for closed-loop control and open-loop alarms. When I sat down in my office this morning, I was greeted by the operations manager, who pointed out an entry from last night’s operations log: “Did you see? The boiler steam vent is in manual because the pressure reading whacked out and made the… Full Story Recent Expansions and contractions in the process automation industry Training simulators smooth operations The future of internet access to field devices Resource Guide: Best summer reading, videos in process automation Alarm Management| Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things Actionable information is essential for the effectiveness of the 'loop,' as it is for closed-loop control and open-loop alarms. When I sat down in my office this morning, I was greeted by the operations manager, who pointed out an entry from last night’s operations log: “Did you see? The boiler steam vent is in manual because the pressure reading whacked out and made the… Full Story Recent The dynamic world of alarms Alarm awareness, management on the upswing: ARC survey Alarm management is more than just rationalization Design alarms and HMI for smooth operations Recorders| 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Our readers tell us who they think delivers the best technology in our industry There's knowledge in our readers. That's why every year we ask our loyal audience to help us determine which automation service providers offer the best products and brands they can rely on to get the best combination of performance, ease of use,… Full Story Recent How Smart Can You Get? The Newest in Data Recorders Data Acquisition Must-Haves The Latest Data Acquisition Tools Data Acquisition and Logging Gets on Track Data Acquisition Safety data strengthens The Connected Enterprise Visualizing and contextualizing safety data can have a positive impact on productivity and compliance. "Information is one thing, but safety information is quite another," says George Schuster. He should know. He’s charged with business development for the Global Safety Team of Rockwell Automation and has seen many plants and factories begin to… Full Story Recent Analytics opens new possibilities Mine the gold in Big Data How IIoT can aid assets for CapEx and OpEx savings SCADA systems harbor untapped data Network Intrinsic Safety| Where wireless meets intrinsic safety How to deal with the constraints of putting access points in hazardous areas. In an ideal world, it wouldn’t be necessary to worry about explosive atmospheres. Unfortunately, plant environments are far from ideal, with most process plants being about 80% Class I, Div. 2 (Zone 2) and another 10% Class I Div. 1 (Zone 1), so… Full Story Recent Pepperl+Fuchs breaks ground on $25M U.S. distribution center Resources Guide: make sure intrinsic safety doesn't blow it 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Process safety would be better if it had strong regulations as German beers do Fieldbus| Embracing changing technologies provides more options, opportunities Key is to learn as much as possible to make digital technologies safe, secure and successful in process settings. As usual, and I’m sure this is true for many of you, this year’s autumn season has been a frantic dash of work, deadlines, sleep deprivation, indigestion and suspiciously arthritic stiffness. In my case, this means covering all sides of the… Full Story Recent The future of internet access to field devices FieldComm Group and friends speed Field Device Integration adoption Don’t be afraid to explore new process control and automation technologies OPC UA on the rise from Unified Architecture to Universal Application Wireless| Where wireless meets intrinsic safety How to deal with the constraints of putting access points in hazardous areas. In an ideal world, it wouldn’t be necessary to worry about explosive atmospheres. Unfortunately, plant environments are far from ideal, with most process plants being about 80% Class I, Div. 2 (Zone 2) and another 10% Class I Div. 1 (Zone 1), so… Full Story Recent Apps make automation processes, equipment run better and more reliably How to manage the Ethernet spectrum Exploring the future of wireless adoption in process control Eagle Mine takes wireless underground Industrial Ethernet| How to manage the Ethernet spectrum Because a typical industrial network combines all three physical layers -- fiber, copper and wireless -- the differences between each type of network needs to be managed from the design stage. It seems every controls-related publication contains at least one article on the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT). However almost all are vaporware or exist in PowerPoint only, with few implementations that couldn’t have been done with… Full Story Recent Don’t be afraid to explore new process control and automation technologies Triconex forges process safety’s future There are advantages to one unified protocol for Ethernet Ethernet changes process automation plant floors I/O Systems| 2016 State of Technology Report: The rise of configurable I/O Download the latest I/O system coverage from the annals of Control. The latest critical trends in I/O systems take advantage of the versatility and communications capabilities of intelligent, configurable I/O. Being able to install universal I/O based on approximate point count, then configure or reconfigure it… Full Story Recent Exploring the tools, skills needed to navigate the Industrial Internet of Things Turck turns I/O devices into field logic controllers Schneider Electric clicks at Connect 2016 Redundancy, versatility added to Universal I/O Mobility| App Platform aims to ‘drive the 33s’ Be just 33 seconds more productive each hour, and the savings mount quickly. Rockwell Automation previewed its new, forward-looking App Platform for mobility at this week’s TechED conference in Orlando. While focused first on redefining smartphone use on the plant floor – with the aim of making individual workers more… Full Story Recent 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Opto 22 adds mobility to operator interfaces with groov Action Plan Mobile trends in industrial automation Smart Industry conference promises real-life approach to IIoT Power Supplies 2016 State of Technology Report: The latest trends in power systems Control’s latest State of Technology report delves into the many aspects of power systems of interest in process plants. From sourcing and ensuring uninterrupted flows of clean electricity to monitoring, regulating and metering generation and consumption throughout a facility, process automation professionals who want a smooth-running, efficient and reliable facility are well advised to seek and control power. This anthology of recent articles delves into the many aspects of power systems of interest in process plants. Remote and wireless systems are speeding development and standardization of energy harvesting and improved battery systems. Line-powered supplies that used to only transform electricity and maybe offer surge protection are now monitoring and measuring current and voltage profiles, implementing alerts and alarms, and sending data up to… Full Story Recent Back to school time: All you need to know about power supply Process and power/electrical controls merging into unified systems Why can't your power source for wireless communication be as simple as a D-cell battery? Advantages and disadvantages of using ac line reactors and dc link reactors Manage Systems Integration| How to succeed in career and system migration The motivations and rewards often seem to have a lot in common. Greg: Here we take advantage of the chance to talk to Bill Thomas, who provides a great lesson of how to succeed in advancing capabilities and opportunities in his career and the control systems for which he was responsible. His career and the… Full Story Recent Major flare gas recovery project delivered on time, on budget Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things ExxonMobil’s patented progress toward integrating control systems, IT Making the case for hardware standardization Asset Management| Resource Guide: Asset management for fun and profit Control's monthly guide brings you invaluable industry information to stay up to date on the latest trends and developments. AT THEIR BEST, ALL THE TIME ExperTune’s white paper, “How to Improve Performance of Process Control Assets,” by George Buckbee, P.E., describes the practice of real-time asset performance management, shows how to get assets to perform at their best all the time, and demonstrates the value of integrating these tools for a performance picture that delivers financial results. It’s available here. ISA / www.isa.org ANALYZING, PREDICTING PROBLEMS This 57-minute video, “Avoid Equipment Surprises: Predictive Diagnostics for Oil & Gas,” is presented by Joe Dupree, GE Automation and Controls, and users from NiSource Gas and Alyeska. They demonstrate condition-based monitoring, predictive analytics and other tools for evaluating… Full Story Recent Schneider Electric acquires MaxEAM Remote sensing enables big harvest Big data analytics helping to improve asset performance management Plantman Go: The future of asset lifecycle modeling Batch Management| A technological approach to a classic sauce Employing FactoryTalk Batch software, the century-old Ragu sauce gets a boost from modern technology Steve Christian remembers the days—not too long ago—when production schedules were printed on sheets of paper and distributed to operators at his plant, who would manually twist valve handles to send the Ragu sauce tomato slurry from one kettle… Full Story Recent Batch control blasts off Virtualization key enabler of Kao modernization Chemical plants streamline distributed controls How FactoryTalk software provided the vision Scotts Company needed to grow Optimization Expanding advanced process control to secondary units Advanced control on fuel and steam can control emissions while saving millions. It’s no secret that advanced process control (APC) has played a major role in the process industries for many decades. However, while many organizations focus only on major process units, there’s often an untapped opportunity to do more, and… Full Story Recent Boilers as fast as fast can be Maintaining energy efficient enclosure climate control Continuous improvement of continuous processes Training simulators smooth operations Protect Safety Instrumented Systems| Cybersecurity in the SIS world Find and slay the dragons lurking in the typical safety instrumented system. Cybersecurity is a growing concern in the process industries, and a number of good articles have been written about it for industrial control systems (ICS)—many full of doom and gloom. Here, we will divide the ICS into two parts: safety… Full Story Recent ‘Deepwater Horizon’ film likely sacrifices real safety discussion for Hollywood tropes Triconex forges process safety’s future How history, principles and standards led to the safety PLC The ins and outs of safety instrumented systems—part 2 Cybersecurity| Embracing changing technologies provides more options, opportunities Key is to learn as much as possible to make digital technologies safe, secure and successful in process settings. As usual, and I’m sure this is true for many of you, this year’s autumn season has been a frantic dash of work, deadlines, sleep deprivation, indigestion and suspiciously arthritic stiffness. In my case, this means covering all sides of the… Full Story Recent Béla Lipták on safety: Cyber security and nuclear power ICS Cybersecurity event gathers experts and solutions Cybersecurity in the SIS world Adapt or die: How do we navigate continuous industry change? Physical Security| 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Our readers tell us who they think delivers the best technology in our industry There's knowledge in our readers. That's why every year we ask our loyal audience to help us determine which automation service providers offer the best products and brands they can rely on to get the best combination of performance, ease of use,… Full Story Recent Genpak plant roof collapses as staff evacuate building How to secure your industrial networks Physical safety, cybersecurity can't be separated Airport Kabuki and Functional Security Enclosures Resource Guide: Enclosures, panels and boxes Control's monthly guide brings you invaluable industry information to stay up to date on the latest trends and developments. Purge, pressurization guide The 18-page introduction and technical review that leads off “Bebco EPS purge/pressurization systems engineers guide” thoroughly covers considerations involved in explosion-proof enclosures, intrinsic safety (IS),… Full Story Recent How systematic enclosure design optimizes field instrumentation performance Panel modification centers opening 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Pentair improves panel integrators efficiencies Menu Login Register Measure Calibration Flow Level Pressure Temperature Vibration Weight Analyzers Control Loop Control Distributed Control PLCs & PACs SCADA Multivariable Control Industrial Computers Manipulate Motors Valves Actuators Drives Visualize HMI Operator Interface Alarm Management Recorders Data Acquisition Network Intrinsic Safety Fieldbus Wireless Industrial Ethernet I/O Systems Mobility Power Supplies Manage Systems Integration Asset Management Batch Management Optimization Protect Safety Instrumented Systems Cybersecurity Physical Security Enclosures Home| Resource Library| Community| Knowledge Centers| Events| Products| Magazine Home / Articles / 2016 / Power & Energy Forum: DTE Energy St. Bernard empowered by PlantPAx DCS Power & Energy Forum: DTE Energy St. Bernard empowered by PlantPAx DCS The power and steam generating facility had a control systems showing its age. By Paul Studebaker Nov 11, 2016 Print Email Tweet -   A   A   A   A   + Originally Detroit Energy, DTE Energy Services has branched out into a national footprint. The Electric and Gas Utilities division produces power; “We are in the Non-Utility Businesses unit,” said Mike Srock, senior technical engineer, DTE Energy Services. DTE recently purchased its St. Bernard facility, a 14 MW multi-fuel cogeneration plant in Cincinnati, Ohio, that provides electric power and steam for local industrial customers including Cincinnati Biofuels, J.M. Smucker Co., Procter & Gamble, and St. Bernard Soap Company. “The 1980s DCS for plant-wide control and monitoring had everything piped to it with little adapters and devices. There were walls of PLC-5s at their end of life.” DTE Energy’s Mike Srock on the sad state of control the company found when it purchased the St. Bernard co-gen plant near Cincinnati, Ohio.   Srock co-presented with Alexander Mericle, technical analyst, DTE Energy Services, in the Power & Energy Forum at Automation Fair this week in Atlanta. The plant was built as part of the St. Bernard Soap Company, which dates back to 1886. It included one steam turbine, one heat recovery steam generator (HRSG), two package boilers, one coal boiler converted to natural gas, wastewater treatment including reverse osmosis (RO) and condensate units, and “state of the art control systems – for the 1980s,” Srock said. Old dog gets new tricks Two of the boilers needed new controls, and the control system running the turbines had no support. “The 1980s DCS for plant-wide control and monitoring had everything piped to it with little adapters and devices,” Srock said. “There were walls of PLC-5s at their end of life—you could still get parts, but they were very expensive, so it was very expensive to keep the plant running.” The plant had two control rooms because at some point, “They built a new one and couldn’t move everything into it, so operators had to keep running back and forth,” Srock said. “The newer one, with the DCS, looked cool but was hard to support.” One reverse osmosis (RO) unit had the DCS company’s PLC, the other an Allen-Bradley touchscreen and Flex I/O from Rockwell Automation. Help came in the form of a modern distributed control system. “We chose Rockwell Automation PlantPAx because of all the platforms available to us, Rockwell Automation products have historically been very reliable and cost-competitive,” said Srock. “The support is world-class, and parts availability has not been a problem.” The solution included: All new Allen-Bradley ControlLogix controllers for balance-of-plant, wastewater treatment, turbine and boilers Local HMI for RO and condensate systems, as well as the two package boilers An updated SCADA system using Rockwell Automation PlantPAx DCS FactoryTalk Historian ThinManager thin clients for reduced cost and downtime “All these separate control systems were merged and standardized on a platform we use in other plants,” said Mericle. The balance-of-plant wall of PLC-5s was replaced by two redundant ControlLogix controllers, with redundant switches for decreased downtime. Local HMIs were installed for the two boilers and two RO systems, “all with a common look and feel so wherever the operators go, they’re familiar with it,” Mericle said. “We keep the screens in familiar colors so operations can pick up changes the same way that they’re used to.” Another Story from the Power Industry: Case Study: Tacoma Power Restores Fish Migration, Generates Power for 1,700 Homes “We also have software redundancy with the virtual infrastructure,” Mericle said. “We save snapshots for backup on FactoryTalk servers with firewalls.” At one point, a power failure knocked out the PlantPAx HMIs on four ThinManager 9 devices. “We had them all replaced in five minutes, and they came right back up.” Finally, they added an engineering workstation (EWS) to the original control room. “If we lose the server, the EWS can run the plant,” Mericle said. “We put it in the old control room so people don’t play with it.” Successful rescue raises reliability, reduces costs High points of the results include tighter integration using Rockwell Automation common platforms, improved supportability, cost reduction, “increased technician availability, and increased parts obtainability,” Mericle said. “The old system required specialists that we don’t have in the area. There’s just five of us and with Rockwell Automation, we can get support.” The historical database allows trending, custom reporting and plant efficiency analysis. “FactoryTalk VantagePoint does historical trending, so if there’s an issue, we can go back a week, a month or a year ago, and see what happened and what was going on at the time,” Mericle said. In the future, “We’re looking at adding AssetCentre for plant-wide use so we can know what’s nearing end-of-life and can focus on that,” Mericle said. Down the road, DTE plans to use big data to better understand asset performance company-wide. “Speaking of big data, we’re using FactoryTalk VantagePoint to knock it out of the park,” Mericle said. “We’re able to produce great graphics with rapid development and easy deployment.” Due in part to this experience, “DTE is standardizing on PlantPAx due to its many integration and implementation benefits,” Mericle said. Support is readily available, downtime is reduced, revenue is increased, and the system supports rapid development of dashboards, trends and reports using FactoryTalk Historian and FactoryTalk VantagePoint. He added, “We plan to use VantagePoint v7 for mobile deployment.” The editors of Control and Control Design are on site at the Rockwell Automation Fair to bring you breaking news, innovations and insights from the event. Once Automation Fair 2016 is over, the editors will be putting together an Event Report featuring the top news. Be among the first ones to receive the full report by pre-ordering it today. Show More Content Show Comments Hide Comments Join the discussion We welcome your thoughtful comments. All comments will display your user name. Want to participate in the discussion? Register for free Log in for complete access. Comments No one has commented on this page yet. RSS feed for comments on this page | RSS feed for all comments Free Subscriptions E-Newsletters Digital Editions Control Global Digital Edition Access the entire print issue on-line and be notified each month via e-mail when your new issue is ready for you. Subscribe Today. controlglobal.com E-Newsletters Biweekly updates delivering feature articles, headlines with direct links to the top news stories that are critical to staying up to date on the industry — company news, product announcements, technical issues and more. Subscribe Today. Most Popular Past 7 Days Past 30 Days Past 6 Months All Time 01 The US grids have been cyber attacked –industry response and information sharing has failed According to “official” sources, the US electric grid has never been… 02 Controlling smart cars, part 2 Developing the controls for autonomous cars will go faster if designers… 03 The latest expansions and contractions - November 2016 Emerson, Flexim combine flow portfolios; Advantech launches WebAccess +… 04 Béla Lipták on safety: Cyber security and nuclear power In this report, process control guru Béla Lipták provides a deep… 05 Emerson, Shell Philippines keep energy flowing Company has recently upgraded automation to improve reliability at the… 01 Live from Automation Fair 2016 The editors of Control and Control Design were on site to bring you… 02 An ICS vendor still in denial The demonstration of hacking the SEL751A not only showed how the system… 03 Observations and Implications from the 2016 ICS Cyber Security Conference The 2016 ICS Cyber Security Conference was held October 24-27, 2016 at… 04 Pepperl+Fuchs acquires ecom instruments Move enables company to accelerate rate of new developments in technology… 05 GE launches controllers for IIoT Aim to allow industry to flexibly integrate real-time controls with… 01 Live from Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 02 The use of protective relays as an attack vector – the cyber vulnerability of the electric grid The implications of the cyber vulnerabilities of digital protective relays… 03 Live from Automation Fair 2016 The editors of Control and Control Design were on site to bring you… 04 A new paradigm for control system migrations 'During a traditional control system migration, you must move wires from… 05 High performance, future-proofed Rockwell Automation has evolved its integrated architecture into a high… 01 Beginner's Guide to Differential Pressure Level Transmitters To avoid costly mistakes it is necessary to understand the measurement… 02 Loop Checking and Field Instrument Testing Procedure Everybody knows that loop checking and field instrument testing is the… 03 Controllers: Direct vs. Reverse-Acting Control Valve Failure Position and Controller Actions Are Independently… 04 ABB Automation & Power World 2012 - Live Coverage Control's Editors Are On the Floor, Covering the ABB Automation &… 05 Top 50 Automation Companies of 2005 For this edition of the Top 50, we've rewritten the rules. Check out which… Control Global About Contact Us Advertise Media Kit Rates & Spec Privacy Policy Legal / T&C Content Voices Blogs Out of Control Cartoons News Industry News Vendor News Current Critical Safety News White Papers Multimedia Special Reports Essentials Fundamentals Ebooks Events Products Technology Roundups E-lits Magazine Subscribe Digital Edition Issue Archive Reprints Site Tools Knowledge Center Microsites Company Profiles Site Map Stay Connected My Account Newsletters Social Media RSS Contact Us | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Legal Disclaimers, Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2004 - 2016 Control Global. All rights reserved. P: 630-467-1300 | 1501 E. Woodfield Road, Suite 400N, Schaumburg, IL 60173 Chemical Processing | Control | Control Design | Food Processing | Pharmaceutical Manufacturing | Plant Services | Smart Industry PutmanMedia®  
All News All Videos Authors All IT Vendors IT Community Professionals Featured IT Vendors All News All Videos Authors All IT Vendors IT Community Professionals Featured IT Vendors Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Internet of Things Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources Citrix Ready Podcasts with Douglas Brown DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Infographics On-Demand Webinars and Webcasts Software Downloads VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 White Papers Events EUC Virtual – Delivering the Digital Workspace with VMwar Your Settings Logout Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books All IT Topics News listed by Products and Solutions News listed by Top IT Topics LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Home Applications Cisco: Big Data is Big Business for Quantium Cisco: Big Data is Big Business for Quantium November 11, 2016 Cisco 0 56 0   56 more  now viewing Cisco: Big Data is Big Business for Quantium November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing Microsoft: How Operational Management Suite keeps customers safe and secure on Azure November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing Dell EMC makes Hadoop less complex for customers November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing The Big “Shift Left”: An Introduction to Edge Computing November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing Unleash the power of parallel computing with the Dell EMC PowerEdge C6320p November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing Cisco: “S” is for Speed… The new Cisco UCS S3260 has plenty of it! November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing Monetize the IoT in order to drive business growth, improve customer satisfaction, and boost revenue. November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing Accelerate data-gathering and analysis with Converged IoT Systems November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing Who’s in Charge of your Hybrid Data Security? November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing Nutanix: On-Demand Deployment for your Databases with Oracle VM and Nutanix Enterprise Cloud November 11, 2016 Cisco now playing HPE and Turbonomic accelerate the transition to hybrid infrastructure November 11, 2016 Cisco According to IDC, the big data market, including services such as analytics, is expected to reach nearly $50 billion by 2019. Luckily for Quantium, data is in its DNA. Australia’s largest analytics business is happily riding the wave on the booming global big data industry. Quantium’s customers—including the likes of Google, P&G, Kellogg’s, Facebook, eBay, Qantas, and Unilever—generate enormous amounts of data. But data without insights is of little value. That’s why they turn to Quantium to help them transform their data into business knowledge to help drive informed decision-making. But as the abundance of data increases, so too does the pressure on the platforms that churn out thousands of simultaneous predictive models and machine learning algorithms. Quantium’s data scientists are constantly inventing new analytics applications to power a new world of possibilities for customers. Data sets have increased a million-fold in just a few years, straining the company’s infrastructure to support this massive scaling. That’s why Quantium’s technology team turned to Cisco and MapR to support its huge workload. The team opted for a data center infrastructure that would provide more control over data security. Employees, partners, and customers now enjoy flexible, secure access to data from any device. Cisco collaboration tools also help them stay connected on a global scale, driving up productivity and quality while reducing travel costs. Cost savings in ongoing management are another big benefit. A single view and point of control across the network for proactive monitoring, reporting, and management helps Quantium scale quickly and efficiently. That means new insights for customers, like Woolworth Supermarkets. Woolworths partnered with Quantium to create an analytics engine that processes trillions of rows of data to match supplier offers to each member—the equivalent of asking each loyalty program customer 70 million questions every week. The result? More relevant and personalized offers, leading to increased sales. Read the entire article here, Big Data is Big Business for Quantium via the fine folks at Cisco Systems. Tweet  Follow @DABCC More Resources: You May Also Like: tags: Big Data Business Analytics Cisco Collaboration Cloud Data Security Machine Learning Categories: Applications Collaboration Data Center Management Monitoring Security   56 previous Citrix: Free Your People, and Release Your Enterprise Potential next Citrix: Azure Role Based Access Control in XenApp & XenDesktop Cisco Cisco is the worldwide leader in IT that helps companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by proving that amazing things can happen when you connect the previously unconnected. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers Key Considerations for a Performance Monitoring Solution for Your Citrix Infrastructure White Paper Unlike physical desktops where performance issues on a desktop affects one user, performance issues with Citrix technologies impact hundreds to thousands of users. In addition, slowness in tiers that the Citrix admin does not control (i.e. VMware vSphere, storage, network, etc.) can also affect the user experience. Therefore, performance monitoring is one of the most […] read more Opvizor Performance Analyzer: Part 18 – Performance in real time for Amazon Web Services (AWS) Citrix White Papers: Five Signs it’s Time for Mobile Workspace Delivery VMware vSAN 6.5: Licensing Guide – Updated 11/16 Reviewer’s Guide for VMware ThinApp 5.2 – White Paper Updated! Downloads Microsoft Assessment and Planning Toolkit Download Generally, a download manager enables downloading of large files or multiples files in one session.Many web browsers, such as Internet Explorer 9, include a download manager.Stand-alone download managers also are available, including the Microsoft Download Manager. if you do not have a download manager installed, and still want to download the file(s) you’ve chosen, please […] read more Citrix Load & Performance Testing – Download AppLoader! Download AppEnsure Free Application Response Time And Throughput In Virtualized And Cloud Environments Download Turbonomic Operations Manager NEW Containers App Security Beta – Download Available Now! On-Demand Webinars Your guide on how to monitor SharePoint performance with SysKit In this webinar, we took a closer look at one of our latest feature – SharePoint performance monitoring. We divided this webinar into several sections so we could cover the main SysKit segments with an emphasis on how to effortlessly monitor SharePoint performance. Scroll down to the end of this blog for a webinar recording. […] read more SharePoint Performance Monitoring with SysKit – On-Demand Webinar ManageEngine Webinar: Self service analytics for enterprise IT and beyond Atlantis TechJam On-Demand Webinar – USX Community Edition Preview Helping You Move Paper in Any Direction – Citrix Ready On-Demand Webinar with Tricerat View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos What’s new in Veeam Availability Suite 9.5 Doug Hazelman presents an overview of the main features introduced in the new Veeam Availability Suite 9.5, including enterprise scalability enhancements, full integration with Microsoft 2016 Data Center Technologies, Cloud restore for any Veeam backup and much more. Learn more: https://www.veeam.com/data-center-availability-suite.html read more Veeam at NetApp Insight 2016 Berlin – Day 2 Recap Why you should attend VeeamON 2017 – by Rick Vanover Microsoft Video: Azure High Performance Computing View All Videos >> All IT Community News Search for: Logon Simulator for Citrix NEW in VMware EUC! Upcoming Webinars 22 Nov 10 Reasons You Will Love Veeam Availability Suite 9.5 for Windows Server 2016 and Hyper-V - Webinar 1:00pm – 2:00pm Veeam® recently introduced Veeam Availability Suite™ 9.5 with a whole... 29 Nov Live Cerner & Citrix End User Experience Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On the webinar a team of healthcare IT engineers will... 30 Nov Fix Root Cause of High Citrix ICA Latency on HDX Channels 12:30pm – 1:30pm On the free webinar, a Citrix Engineer will hold a... 30 Nov Deep Dive NetScaler MAS, Architecture, Monitoring & Automation, and Integration with Container Orchestration Environments 1:00pm – 2:00pm This webinar will provide an overview of the features and... 01 Dec Troubleshoot & Fix Common Citrix Issues - Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this free live webinar, a Citrix Virtualization Expert show... View all Upcoming Events >> Trending Daily News Veeam at NetApp Insight 2016 Berlin – Day 2 Recap ControlUp Logon Simulator Intro Video! Why you should attend VeeamON 2017 – by Rick Vanover Dell EMC makes Hadoop less complex for customers VMware: Next up for Safelite AutoGlass -The Digital Workspace VMware Announces General Availability of New vSphere, vSAN and vRealize Solutions Cisco: How To Avoid New Hyperconvergence Silos? Unleash the power of parallel computing with the Dell EMC PowerEdge C6320p What’s new in Veeam Availability Suite 9.5 Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! Read 'Top 5 Ways HIPAA Compliant Messaging Improves Your Organization' IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Feeds Close Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Internet of Things Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources Citrix Ready Podcasts with Douglas Brown DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Infographics On-Demand Webinars and Webcasts Software Downloads VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 White Papers Events EUC Virtual – Delivering the Digital Workspace with VMwar Your Settings Logout Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books All IT Topics News listed by Products and Solutions News listed by Top IT Topics LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Share this video https://www.dabcc.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Election Day Brings Big Spending on Video Advertising By George Slefo - 4 minutes ago Array 0 See the Spot: Febreze Unleashes #12 Stinks of Christmas to Social Media By Jack Neff - 4 minutes ago Array 0 Cannabis Could Be Added to the Mix by Alcohol Giant as Laws Ease 10 hours ago Array 0 Dr Pepper-Backed Bai Brands to Introduce Sugar-Free Sodas 12 hours ago Array 0 Kia Is Coming Back to Super Bowl By E.J. Schultz - 13 hours ago Array 0 It's 'One Sweet World' in Timely Ben & Jerry's Ad About Healing Divisions By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Kia Is Coming Back to Super Bowl By E.J. Schultz - 13 hours ago 0 The Daily Beast Joins 'The Loyal Opposition.' Is That Good for Business? By Jeremy Barr - 16 hours ago 0 Snapchat's Mysterious Vending Bot Starts Selling Its Spectacles By Garett Sloane - 15 hours ago 0 Here Are the Marketers Being Honored for Best Use of Twitter By Garett Sloane - 18 hours ago 0 How Did Hillary Clinton Screw This Up? For Starters, Her Advertising Was All Wrong By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Trump's Win Has Big Potential Impact on Marketers, Corona to AT&T By Ad Age Staff - Yesterday 0 'What Have We Done?' Marketers, Agencies Aren't Shy About Trump Win - Yesterday 0 Clinton Ad Creators Droga and Goodby React to Loss By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Why Pollsters Got the Election So Wrong, and What It Means for Marketers By Jack Neff - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US See the Spot: Febreze Unleashes #12 Stinks of Christmas to Social Media By Jack Neff. Published on November 11, 2016. Most Popular The holidays are fast approaching, so time for chestnuts, open fires, red Starbucks cups, and … Febreze? On first blush, odor neutralizers and air fresheners seem like what marketers would call "non-endemic" for the holidays. Certainly they're not anyone's idea of a gift. But the Procter & Gamble Co. brand has found sales pick up around the holidays as people look to freshen up their homes for company. Hence the latest version of the #12 Stinks of Christmas from WPP's Possible with Doug E. Fresh, a.k.a. "the human beatbox" and "World's Greatest Entertainer" along with his canine sidekick and social-media sensation @ItsDougThePug, a.k.a. "The King of Pop Culture." The pair do a hip-hop and odor-neutralizing version of the classic "12 Days of Christmas." This follows the success of a 2015 version starring Jane Lynch and Matthew Morrison, which got good reception organically without media support (Citizen Relations handles PR), according to communications manager Mandy Ciccarella. This year, the 30-second U.S. video will also make its way to paid placements on Snapchat, iRadio and other digital venues, but not TV, Ms. Ciccarella said. And it dovetails with a U.K. version starring British TV personality and comedian Paul O'Grady due to launch next week. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Celebrity Digital Video See the Spot Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
Home Subscribe (free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media Info Advertising Info Tweet Articles Blogs Labs Science Reference Reports Videos Radio Infographics Music Cartoons Library RSS Store Search Powered by GoodGopher.com 10 surprising facts you never knew about Donald Trump and the Health Ranger Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto Friday, November 11, 2016 by: Ethan A. Huff, staff writer Tags: Podesta emails, Monsanto, Hillary Clinton (NaturalNews) Julian Assange's sacrificial effort to expose the vast corruption behind the Clinton Machine through his "WikiLeaks" releases, has done so much over the past year to change the course of both the nation and the world for the better – most notably with the recent election of outsider Donald J. Trump as America's next president-elect. But what else do these WikiLeaks releases reveal that hasn't been covered by the media, particularly with regards to food policy? A simple search for the word "Monsanto" in The Podesta Emails batch of leaked email documents shows that the biotechnology giant is a close friend of Hillary Clinton and her family's Clinton Foundation – big surprise, right? Dozens of emails and email chains speak about the world's most evil corporation, several discussing its many contributions to what has now been exposed as a massive money-laundering "charity" scam that the Clintons used to line their own pockets. Along with Goldman Sachs, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble and a multitude of other ill-regarded multinationals, Monsanto is exposed as being a longtime contributor to the Clinton Foundation, likely "scratching the back" of the organization with pay-to-play "donations" in exchange for political favors. This is, of course, what the Clinton Foundation is all about, we now know, which is why the Clinton campaign worked so hard during the final days of the election to keep all eyes distracted from WikiLeaks. But these tactics ultimately failed, and what the public now has access to via WikiLeaks is incredibly telling as to the nature of Clinton's relationship with Monsanto. While secretary of state, for instance, Hillary Clinton used her position to "target" nation states that hadn't yet accepted Monsanto's agenda. Countries that didn't cooperate with the plan to adopt transgenic crop technology, it was revealed, were punished with economic and other forms of "retaliation." After word of all this broke headlines, Hillary Clinton earned herself the name "Bride of Frankenfood" for her now-exposed ties to the biotechnology industry, a position that way-back-when cost her in terms of public support. But what we now know from WikiLeaks is that Clinton's handlers worked overtime to rebrand her as an opponent of genetically-modified organisms (GMOs), a position that her primary opponent Bernie Sanders genuinely held, and that helped him tremendously in gaining grassroots support. Hillary campaign tried to steal Bernie Sanders' platform, emails revealBack in March, a peculiar email sent from Gary Hirschberg, chairman of the "Just Label It" GMO labeling campaign to John Podesta, campaign chairman of the Clinton campaign, exposes plans by insiders to rebrand Hillary as some type of hero for food freedom. Dated March 16, 2016, the email sent by Hirschberg, who also serves as chairman of the organic brand Stonyfield Farm, urges Podesta to have Hillary "weigh in" on the GMO issue "if we hope to tap the Bernie progressives' enthusiasm after he concedes." Clinton's attempt to ride on the coattails of Bernie's legacy ultimately failed, but it wasn't the only time that such a strategy was attempted. According to another email, the campaign also tried to brainstorm ways to rebrand Clinton as a dynamic candidate who demonstrated genuine human emotions, as opposed to the "overly programmed" liberal demagogue perception that dominated her previous run for the presidency. All in all, 46 emails in The Podesta Emails archive make mention of Monsanto, and many others discuss biotechnology and other elements of the industrial agriculture system to which Hillary Clinton is bound in allegiance due to her strong financial connections with this industry. Now that she's out of the running for president, though, the American people will hopefully no longer have to endure anymore of her lies. Sources for this article include: WikiLeaks.org Collective-Evolution.com GlobalResearch.ca Non-GMO, Certified Organic Survival Food from the Health Ranger The industry's only clean, lab tested and certified organic instant meals. IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Search on GoodGopher.com GoodGopher.com is the new search engine for truth seekers. Follow real-time breaking news headlines on Podesta emails at FETCH.news The world of independent media, all in one place. Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Podesta emails Monsanto: The world's poster child for corporate manipulation and deceit Monsanto and Syngenta tighten stranglehold on global food supply Hedge funds, insider traders begin dumping Monsanto stock as reality of GMOs sinks in across Wall Street Scientists GONE WILD: Discredited Monsanto shill Kevin Folta unleashes twitter aneurism, accuses Health Ranger of 'violence' and Food Babe of 'terrorism' Help stop former Monsanto VP from attaining top position at the FDA - sign the petition Bride of Frankenfood: Hillary Clinton pushes GMO agenda... hires Monsanto lobbyist... takes huge dollars from Monsanto March Against Monsanto explodes globally... World citizens stage massive protests across 38 countries, 428 cities... mainstream media pretends it never happened Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/055977_Podesta_emails_Monsanto_Hillary_Clinton.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/055977_Podesta_emails_Monsanto_Hillary_Clinton.html">Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days Ten surprising facts you didn't know about Donald Trump and the Health Ranger: Marrying immigrants, fighting for truth and expressing deep compassion for fellow human beings Trump Supporters launch What causes cancer? The five vectors of chemical assault on your health FDA-approved drug turns ordinary people into obedient zombies... saps all free will... allows people to be programmed by the media or government... sold as transdermal patch Over 30,000 scientists say 'Catastrophic Man-Made Global Warming' is a complete hoax and science lie Balance your body naturally with these alkaline foods Natural News announces economic boycott of CNN corporate sponsors, including GEICO, WellsFargo, Sprint, Dodge and ETrade Foods and supplements that heal the thyroid Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Nourishing CBD-infused hemp milk set to hit stores soon Studies on radiation from smart meters show that electromagnetic frequencies disrupt and damage the nervous system Beware of these 6 common household items that cause cancer Arctic Circle's melting ice resurrecting horrifying diseases unseen for decades Warning signs you are deficient in magnesium Glyphosate contamination will cause 50% of children to be autistic by 2025, according to researcher Glyphosate: Can you handle the truth? Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event Is the fix in? Talk show giant Michael Savage predicts Obama will 'poison pill' the nation before he leaves office Trump Supporters launch Teenager thought she just had a sore throat, found out her body was actually rotting away Soros-funded left-wing anarcho-terrorists plotting to SABOTAGE Trump and overthrow the Republic: Dave Hodges releases urgent interview with Mike Adams WikiLeaks emails mention aspartame, acknowledging it puts holes in mice brains GoodGopher.com rapidly rising as the independent search engine for REAL news... all sites penalized by Google are welcomed to get indexed Over 30,000 scientists say 'Catastrophic Man-Made Global Warming' is a complete hoax and science lie Donald Trump's 7-point healthcare plan What causes cancer? The five vectors of chemical assault on your health CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Healthy 12-year-old girl dies shortly after receiving HPV vaccine EXCLUSIVE: Leftist forces planning takeover of U.S. Capitol Building on Inauguration Day to thwart Trump presidency The shocking ingredients in flu vaccines Whining, sore-loser leftist women now claiming ALL humans with a vagina should have voted for Hillary... just 'cuz America cannot HEAL until we stop the left wing media HATE From 'rape Melania' to mocking violent beat downs of white people, the extreme cruelty and mental illness of the left has no place in a civilized society CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Why flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label 10 Urgent preparedness items you'll need when Trump wins the election next Tuesday THE END GAME closes in on the Clintons as the deep state turns... massive collection of criminally damning evidence about to be revealed that will bring down the Clinton crime family forever MUTINY AT THE FBI: Comey warned by his own agents to indict Clinton or watch the FBI's reputation go down in flames George Soros on tape: Trump will win popular vote in 'landslide,' but Hillary Clinton's electoral victory is already 'a done deal' The FBI is going to bring down the DOJ... and America will cheer the agency's heroes as the Clinton crime regime is finally toppled Erik Prince: Hillary emails show everything from pay-for-play to pedophilia, NYPD ready to make arrests All signs point to a corporate takeover of the marijuana industry by Bayer, Monsanto TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event BREAKING: Racketeering indictment of Hillary Clinton now 'likely' as FOIA for Datto backup device reveals FBI possesses ALL the incriminating emails Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto Dementia now striking people in their 40s as mercury from vaccines causes slow, degenerative brain damage After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days ANALYSIS: Election outcome scenarios reveal 95% chance of widespread post-election violence... streets of America to run red with blood The defeated left turns to HATE: Liberals unleash beatings, death threats and calls for mass murder of Trump supporters ANALYSIS: Chipotle is a victim of corporate sabotage... biotech industry food terrorists are planting e.coli in retaliation for restaurant's anti-GMO menu Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes San Bernardino shooting has all the signs of a staged government operation or ISIS terror attack (from what we know so far) Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Popular on Facebook 61K EVERYTHING IS RIGGED: Medicine, science, elections, the media, money, education, search engines, social media... you are living in a fabricated fairy tale 46K Whole Foods goes ROGUE... partners with Monsanto to kill GMO labeling across America and replace with fake labeling deception... SENATE VOTE PLANNED AS EARLY AS TOMORROW 40K All-out effort to destroy Trump PROVES he's not part of the establishment... NOT an insider... 'Trump' movement has grown way beyond one man's actions or words 38K 10 shocking reasons why Zika virus fear is another fraudulent medical hoax and vaccine industry funding scam 36K Electoral victory for Hillary already LOCKED IN via massive bribery... George Soros admits on video... democracy be damned... THEFT of the presidency already complete 35K 56 examples of outrageously foul, lewd language spewed by Bill and Hillary Clinton over the last three decades 35K Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election 31K CDC forced to reveal documents proving Thimerosal vaccine preservative causes autism 27K The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry 26K Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 23K Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson just sold out to Big Pharma... says children should be forcibly injected with mercury at gunpoint... claims government 'science' overrides medical freedom 23K VOTERS WARNED: You've already lost America... this election is about taking it back in the last non-violent way possible: At the voting booth 20K Hillary the CHEAT! Clinton caught wearing covert earpiece during last night's debate with Trump... brazen dishonesty on display yet again 20K Facebook goes full ORWELLIAN... now blocking all stories mentioning the keyword phrase 'm-nd-t-ry v-cc-n-t--ns' 19K Staged Zika pandemic was engineered by globalist governments to justify the aerial bombardment of awakening populations with toxic chemicals 18K Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 17K TRUMP MIRACLE... DEPLORABLES TAKE BACK AMERICA... LEFTISTS TOTAL FREAK OUT 17K After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all NaturalNews.com Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Mother used marijuana butter to stop her child's seizures - then her kids were taken from her (Newstarget.com) Marijuana slows brain degradation and aging, reverses dementia (Newstarget.com) Could this hemp juice help kick sugary drinks to the curb? (Newstarget.com) Denver may soon allow marijuana at restaurants and bars (Newstarget.com) Warning: Red squirrels could be spreading human leprosy in the UK (Naturalnews.com) Hundreds arrested in China's criminal vaccine scandal (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
The Times Of India We have noticed that you have an ad blocker enabled which restricts ads served on the site. Please disable it to further read on The Times of India. STEPS FOR DISABLING AD BLOCKER Watch latest videos from THE TIMES of INDIA Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Mumbai Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Mumbai News » IIM Bangalore successfully concludes accelerated summer placement IIM Bangalore successfully concludes accelerated summer placementHemali Chhapia | TNN | Nov 12, 2016, 02.01 PM IST A post-graduate program student of IIM-Indore has received a job offer with salary package of Rs 34 lakh per annum. MUMBAI: The Summer Placement season for the PGP class of 2016-18 of the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIMB) witnessed the participation of the top recruiters across all sectors with renewed vigor and was completed during November 7th - November 10th. IIM Bangalore is also simultaneously hosting the summer recruitment process for IIM Vishakhapatnam PGP Class of 2016-18 with 60% of applicants already placed. Like last year, the IIM Bangalore Placement Committee was involved in the mentorship of IIM Vishakhapatnam students in the run up to the placement process. This year the process witnessed the participation of 402 eligible students and more than 150+ companies came to hire students for summer stint in multiple roles such as Management Consulting, Investment Banking, Markets, Corporate Banking, Sales and Marketing, Business Leadership, Product Management, Operations, Category Management, and General Management. Another striking feature of the process was that more than 30 firms visited IIMB for hiring for the first time. Some of these included Arthur D. Little, BayCurrent Consulting, Auctus Advisors, Gates Foundation, United Breweries, Hindustan Coca Cola Beverages, NRI Consulting, Danaher, RPG Group, MasterCard Advisors, Visa, Mytrah Energy, Renew Power, Biocon, Next Education, Medtronics, GroupM, Wadi.com, Treebo Hotels, PharmEasy, CATKing, Rakshak Foundation and Zimmer. IIMB played host to most big international banks such as Barclays, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Deutsche Bank, Development Bank of Singapore and Standard Chartered on the first day of the Summers Placements. Private Equity/Venture Capital roles by Blackstone, Temasek Holdings, IDG Ventures and Brand Capital were offered to the students. BNY Mellon and Arpwood Capital were among the first time recruiters in this domain. A host of Indian banks and financial institutions such as Avendus Capital, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and AVIVA also made offers during the Placement process. In the Management Consulting space, Accenture Strategy was the largest recruiter with 20 offers. The Boston Consulting Group with 15 offers, A.T. Kearney with 13 offers, McKinsey & Co. with 10 offers, Bain & Company with 8 offers and Strategy& with 7 offers were the other major recruiters this year. More than 30% of the entire batch received offers in the Management Consulting sector, which also included reputed names like Deloitte, Roland Berger, Alvarez & Marsal, PWC Diamond Consulting, GEP, Hay Group, Synergy Consulting and Feedback Infra Consulting. Conglomerates such as Aditya Birla Group, Tata Administrative Services (TAS), C.K. Birla, Mahindra & Mahindra, Wipro Global, Reliance Industries Limited, General Electric recruited in significant numbers for leadership and general management roles. Aditya Birla Group with 9 offers was the highest recruiter in this space. Many students also chose to go to Sales and Marketing functions, and were extended offers by major consumer goods and services firms. Major recruiters in this category were Procter and Gamble with 11 offers, Hindustan Unilever Limited (7), Johnson & Johnson (7), Mondelez (6), Asian Paints (5). The other recruiters in this space included Phillips, Coca Cola, ITC, Times Group and Wipro Consumer Care. Telecom majors Bharti Airtel made 11 offers and Vodafone made 3 offers. The major retail firm from Middle East - M.H. Alshaya - also recruited this year. Prominent recruiters in the technology space was led by Microsoft with 7 offers. The other recruiters included Microland, Sutherland Global, Infoedge, Zynga, Visa, Play Games and Directi. In the IT consulting domain, prominent recruiters like Cognizant Business Consulting, IBM and Capgemini visited the campus. The E-Commerce space also saw interest with Amazon making 20 offers. The other recruiters included Cloudtail (2) and Shopclues (1). Commenting on the occasion, Professor Ganesh Prabhu, Chairperson, Career Development Services, IIM Bangalore said, "The absence of major e-commerce recruiters did not have an impact on the Summer Placement Process due to the renewed interest from FMCG companies." Krishna M, Placement Representative, said, "IIMB has continued to be the preferred campus for Management Consulting firms with most of them making unprecedented number of offers. Recruitment by PE/VC and Social Sector firms added to the quality and variety of offers rolled out to the students." Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia US ElectionsUS Election Live UpdatesUS Election NewsUS Election Results Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Demonetisation: How people are using ingenious ways to hide their undeclared wealth I-T raids on jewellers, hawala ops accepting banned notes at discount Chinese investments may hurt rather than help Pakistan, say think tanks, IMF Two international think tanks have warned that Chinese investments in Pakistan will not boost the domestic economy. Instead, it will push Islamabad towards a major debt problem. Mamata Banerjee calls demonetisation 'black policy,' demands rollback Sharpening her attack on the Narendra Modi government over demonetization, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has termed it as ‘black policy’ and demanded immediate rollback of the currency ban. Doctor says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes, baby dies awaiting help An infant died a day after being denied treatment by Jeevan Jyot Hospital and Nursing Home at Govandi in Mumbai because his parents wanted to pay a part of the deposit in Rs 500 currency notes, which ceased to be legal tender. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreTemasek HoldingsMasterCardinternational banksIIM BangaloreGoldman Sachs Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Mumbai Mumbai Travel Guide How to reach Mumbai Get to know Mumbai Hotels in Mumbai Restaurants in Mumbai Places to visit in Mumbai Things to do in Mumbai Shopping in Mumbai Nightlife in Mumbai Weekend getaways from Mumbai Itineraries Mumbai Map Mumbai Photos Haunted Places in Mumbai Beaches In Mumbai Download Mumbai Travel Guide Mumbai To Goa Flights Mumbai To Bangalore Flights Mumbai To Kolkata Flights From our Global Partners Rail fracture at Kalyan station Man poison daughters, kills self Sena skirts debate on penguin death Youth saved after 40ft fall into creek 11 rescued after fire breaks out in SoBo building Special screening of 'Chaar Sahibzaade — Rise of Banda Singh Bahadur' in Mumbai Rs 45 lakh relief to parents of techie killed in accident Pvt schools set to face action for RTE violations Vasai Road station set to run on green devices 1IIM Bangalore successfully concludes accelerated summer placement 2Rail fracture at Kalyan station 3Man poison daughters, kills self 4Sena skirts debate on penguin death 5Youth saved after 40ft fall into creek 611 rescued after fire breaks out in SoBo building 7Special screening of 'Chaar Sahibzaade — Rise of Banda Singh Bahadur' in Mumbai 8Rs 45 lakh relief to parents of techie killed in accident 9Pvt schools set to face action for RTE violations 10Vasai Road station set to run on green devices About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 India v England 1st Test Match 500 1000 notes banned Cyrus Mistry Ishaat Hussain Google Pixel XL Rock On 2 Movie Review Smog in Delhi Narendra Modi's Japan visit  Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
The Times Of India We have noticed that you have an ad blocker enabled which restricts ads served on the site. Please disable it to further read on The Times of India. STEPS FOR DISABLING AD BLOCKER Watch latest videos from THE TIMES of INDIA Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Bangalore Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Bangalore News » Consultancy, FMCG firms take the cake at IIMB Consultancy, FMCG firms take the cake at IIMB’s summer placements Over 30% of postgraduate students of the 2016-18 batch of Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIMB), received offers in the management consulting sector during the summer placement drive.TNN | Updated: Nov 12, 2016, 05.55 AM IST (Representative image) BENGALURU: Over 30% of postgraduate students of the 2016-18 batch of Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIMB), received offers in the management consulting sector during the summer placement drive. The three-day recruitment process, which came to a close on Thursday, saw 402 students hired for summer stints in multiple roles like management consulting, investment banking, corporate banking, sales and marketing, operations and general management, among others. In the management consulting space, Accenture Strategy was the largest recruiter with 20 offers. The Boston Consulting Group with 15 offers, AT Kearney with 13, McKinsey & Co. (10), Bain & Company (8) and Strategy& with 7 offers were the other major recruiters this year. Other reputed names in the space were Deloitte, PwC Diamond Consulting, GEP, Synergy Consulting and Feedback Infra Consulting. Among the 150-odd companies that recruited students from the campus were big international banks like Barclays, CitiBank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC and JP Morgan. A host of Indian banks and financial institutions such as Avendus Capital, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and AVIVA too made offers. Private equity/venture capital roles were offered to students by Blackstone, Temasek Holdings, IDG Ventures and Brand Capital. BNY Mellon and Arpwood Capital were among the first-time recruiters in this domain. Over 30 firms visited IIMB for the first time. Among them were Auctus Advisors, Gates Foundation, United Breweries, Hindustan Coca Cola Beverages, MasterCard Advisors, Visa, Biocon, Next Education, Medtronics, Wadi.com, Treebo Hotels, PharmEasy, CATKing, Rakshak Foundation and Zimmer. Sales and marketing functions were also in demand and students were given offers by top consumer goods and services firms (FMCGs). Major recruiters in this category were Procter & Gamble with 11 offers, Hindustan Unilever Limited (7), Johnson & Johnson (7), Asian Paints (5). The other recruiters included Phillips, Coca Cola, ITC, Times Group and Wipro Consumer Care. Telecom majors Bharti Airtel made 11 offers and Vodafone made 3. M.H. Alshaya Co, a major retail firm from West Asia, also recruited this year. Conglomerates such as Aditya Birla Group, Tata Administrative Services (TAS), CK Birla, Mahindra & Mahindra, Wipro Global, Reliance Industries Limited, General Electric recruited significant number of students for leadership and general management roles. Aditya Birla Group with 9 offers was the highest recruiter in this space. With seven offers, Microsoft led in the technology space. Others included Microland, Sutherland Global, Infoedge, Zynga, Visa, Play Games and Directi. In the IT consulting domain, prominent recruiters like Cognizant Business Consulting, IBM and Capgemini visited the campus. In the e-commerce space, Amazon made 20 offers, Cloudtail two and and Shopclues one. Commenting on the trends this year, Prof. Ganesh Prabhu, chairperson, Career Development Services, IIMB said: "Because of renewed interest from FMCG companies, the absence of major e-commerce recruiters didn't have an impact on the summer placement process." Krishna M, placement representative, said, "IIMB has continued to be the preferred campus for management consulting firms, with most of them making unprecedented number of offers. Recruitment by PE/VC and social sector firms added to the quality and variety of offers rolled out this year." Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia US ElectionsUS Election Live UpdatesUS Election NewsUS Election Results Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Demonetisation: How people are using ingenious ways to hide their undeclared wealth I-T raids on jewellers, hawala ops accepting banned notes at discount Chinese investments may hurt rather than help Pakistan, say think tanks, IMF Two international think tanks have warned that Chinese investments in Pakistan will not boost the domestic economy. Instead, it will push Islamabad towards a major debt problem. Crackdown on black money: Over 300 jewellers under scanner; govt seeks details A day after the Income Tax officials began conducting surveys on jewellers across the country, unaccounted gold stocks worth more than Rs 42 crore have been detected and brought to tax assessment. Don't panic, there is no shortage of salt in country, says Centre The government said there is no shortage of salt in the country and has advised people not to indulge in panic buying. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreReliance Industriesphillips coca cola itc times groupIIMB’s summer placementsbarclays citibank goldman sachs hsbcAditya Birla Group Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Bengaluru Bangalore Travel Guide How to reach Bangalore Hotels in Bangalore Restaurants in Bangalore Shopping in Bangalore Places to visit in Bangalore Things to do in Bangalore Nightlife in Bangalore Weekend getaways from Bangalore Itineraries Bangalore Map Bangalore Photos Haunted Places in Bangalore Download Bangalore Travel Guide Bangalore To Mumbai Flights Bangalore To Goa Flights Bangalore To Pune Flights From our Global Partners Metro link to ORR: BMRC unveils DPR, invites suggestions Aadhar numbers compulsory for RTE admissions next year: Education dept Shut ATMs, chaos at banks add to Bengaluru’s pain Consultancy firms, FMCGs take the cake at IIMB’s summer placements Karnataka HC orders notice to BBMP, traffic police over encroachment Brain dead mans's organs harvested at Kasturba Hospital Bengaluru student claims her Aadhaar misused to avail exchange facility School van driver suffers heart attack at the wheel, cop comes to his rescue Experts talk about challenges for caregivers of senior citizens 1Consultancy, FMCG firms take the cake at IIMB’s summer placements 2Metro link to ORR: BMRC unveils DPR, invites suggestions 3Aadhar numbers compulsory for RTE admissions next year: Education dept 4Shut ATMs, chaos at banks add to Bengaluru’s pain 5Consultancy firms, FMCGs take the cake at IIMB’s summer placements 6Karnataka HC orders notice to BBMP, traffic police over encroachment 7Brain dead mans's organs harvested at Kasturba Hospital 8Bengaluru student claims her Aadhaar misused to avail exchange facility 9School van driver suffers heart attack at the wheel, cop comes to his rescue 10Experts talk about challenges for caregivers of senior citizens About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 India v England 1st Test Match 500 1000 notes banned Cyrus Mistry Ishaat Hussain Google Pixel XL Rock On 2 Movie Review Smog in Delhi Narendra Modi's Japan visit  Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
null
null
Missouri Ag News Headlines International Animal Genetics Leader Among Mizzou Honorees Missouri Ag Connection - 11/11/2016 The Mizzou Alumni Association (MAA) will honor broadcasting legend Jann Carl, internationally recognized geneticist Jerry Taylor, and 13 other outstanding faculty and alumni at its 49th annual Faculty-Alumni Awards Ceremony on Nov. 11 in the Reynolds Alumni Center. The Distinguished Service Award, Distinguished Faculty Award and Faculty-Alumni Awards will be presented to outstanding MU faculty and alumni. Jann Carl, who earned a bachelor's degree from the MU School of Journalism in 1982, will receive the 61st annual Distinguished Service Award, the highest honor presented to alumni by the MAA. Established in 1956, the award recognizes outstanding service by an individual whose efforts have added to MU's excellence. A champion of the Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) for 28 years, Carl has served as the national vice president and on MDA's board of directors. Carl has been supportive of Mizzou since her undergraduate days when she performed as the tiger mascot and served as Mizzou Homecoming Grand Marshal. Carl also served as master of ceremonies for the "Model Citizen" fashion shows benefiting the MU Thompson Center for Autism and Neurodevelopmental Disorders and sat on the national steering committee for the For All We Call Mizzou capital campaign. In her broadcasting career, including 14 years as an anchor and senior correspondent on Entertainment Tonight (ET), Carl has covered earthquakes, oil spills, the Emmys and the Oscars. At ET, she was nationally respected for her interviewing skills. The major stars and influential newsmakers she has interviewed include: Barack and Michelle Obama, Tom Cruise, Jimmy Carter, Oprah Winfrey, Johnny Depp, Robert Redford, Brad Pitt, George Clooney, Steven Spielberg, and Meryl Streep. Carl also co-hosted ABC's Oscar Countdown Academy Awards pre-show and the Tournament of Roses parade coverage on CBS and HGTV. Carl worked as a reporter for WLS in Chicago and KABC in Los Angeles. Currently she is the co-owner and co-host of Small Town Big Deal, a nationally syndicated family-friendly show that highlights positive story-telling and uplifting content about the hard-working people of America. Jeremy F. "Jerry" Taylor, Curators Distinguished Professor of Genetics and Wurdack Endowed Chair in Animal Genomics, will be honored with the 57th annual Distinguished Faculty Award, the highest honor presented to a faculty member by the MAA. Established in 1960, the award recognizes a faculty member whose sustained efforts in teaching, research and service have added to MU's excellence. The award places special emphasis on the recipient's relationships with students. An international leader in genomics, Taylor is a key player in the translation of next-generation genetic sequencing technologies, making DNA testing a reality for preventative medicine, which could lead to treatments for diseases in humans and animals. Taylor and his research team helped design the Illumina GeneChip, which has revolutionized how genetic testing for animals is performed, making it faster, easier and cheaper than ever before. The first chip his team developed is on display at the Smithsonian Institute in Washington D.C. Taylor's ground-breaking work on cattle genomics has led to more efficient livestock breeding operations, which has helped improve agricultural economies around the world, creating more food for hungry populations. His work in cattle has been copied and applied to pigs, sheep, horses and chickens--and has not stopped with livestock species. Farmers now use Taylor's DNA-based genomic improvement to improve plant crops as well. Over the course of his career, Taylor has given more than 450 national and international invited presentations and has received more than $43 million in research funding. He joined the University of Missouri faculty in 2002. MAA Faculty-Alumni Awards recognize the achievements of faculty and alumni. Assistant, associate and full professors are considered for their work as teachers and researchers and their relationships with students. Alumni are considered for their professional accomplishments and service to their communities and alma mater. This year, 13 awards will be presented: - Karen Ann Ehlmann, retired senior manager for The Boeing Company (alumna). - Margaret Engel, executive director of the Alicia Patterson Foundation (alumna). - Theodore W. Hellman, retired executive of Procter & Gamble (alumnus). - John S. Howe, Missouri Bankers Chair and professor in the department of finance (faculty member). - William G. Little, president of Quam-Nichols Company, Inc. (alumnus). - Nicole M. Monnier, teaching professor of Russian (faculty member). - James S. Noble, professor of industrial and manufacturing systems engineering (faculty member). - Earnest L. Perry, associate professor of journalism and associate dean for graduate studies (faculty member and alumnus). - Jennifer Lynn Rowe, associate professor of journalism (faculty member and alumna). - David R. Russell, commissioner emeritus, Missouri Department of Higher Education (alumnus). - Leo Contreras Saguiguit, associate professor of music (faculty member). - Vicki Riback Wilson, retired coordinator of MU service-learning and fellowships (alumna). - Marvin E. "Bunky" Wright, retired UM System general counsel (alumnus). The Mizzou Alumni Association (MAA) strengthens MU by supporting the best interests and traditions of Missouri's flagship university. MU is the state's largest and oldest university and the state's major public, land-grant research institution. The MAA, the voice for nearly 305,000 MU alumni worldwide, keeps alumni connected to each other and their alma mater. Since 1853, the MAA has influenced generations of students and alumni by preserving their traditions. The MAA Faculty-Alumni Awards celebrate outstanding faculty and alumni who work to advance the arts, sciences and humanities. At Mizzou, scholarship and teaching are driven by a responsibility to public service--the obligation to produce and disseminate knowledge that will improve the quality of life in the state, the nation and the world. The MAA Faculty-Alumni Awards celebrate outstanding faculty and alumni who work to advance the arts, sciences and humanities. At Mizzou, scholarship and teaching are driven by a responsibility to public service--the obligation to produce and disseminate knowledge that will improve the quality of life in the state, the nation and the world. Send this article to a friend Other Missouri Headlines Missouri Signs First-Ever Co-investment Agreement with Israel USDA Designates 4 Missouri Counties as Disaster Areas Farm Labor Wages Up $.61/Hour Over 2015 AgGateway Recognizes Leaders at Annual Conference Missouri Corn Scholarship Apps Available Win Holiday Battle of the Bulge by Focusing on Fun, Not Food Nixon Applauds Latest Missouri Job Report Copyright © 2016 - USAgNet.com. All Rights Reserved.
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Rajesh Ghatge joins Indigo Consulting as chief executive officer By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, New Delhi | In Advertising | November 11, 2016 Earlier, he was chief executive officer and managing director at iCare Life. Indigo Consulting, the Leo Burnett Group's full-service digital agency, has brought on board Rajesh Ghatge as chief executive officer (CEO). In his new role, Ghatge will be based out of the agency's Mumbai office, and will report to Saurabh Varma, chief executive officer (CEO), Leo Burnett, South Asia. As part of his mandate, he will lead more than three hundred employees across Indigo Consulting and Indigo iStrat. Ghatge joins Indigo Consulting from iCare Life, a start-up where he was the chief executive officer (CEO) and managing director (MD). Welcoming Ghatge on board the Leo Burnett Group, Varma says, "Indigo is already one of the largest full service digital agencies in the business, with a reputation for using technology and intelligence to solve business problems. We wanted a leader who can create a new curve for a team of 300 plus Indigo employees; (Rajesh) Ghatge brings with him the energy, the passion and the drive to create a new destiny for Indigo Consulting. My brief to him is to make us the most respected digital agency in the country, bar none." Speaking about his new role at Indigo Consulting, Ghatge shares, "Driving effective consumer engagement on omnipresent digital touchpoints is a function of technology, content, analytics, and the ability to execute flawlessly in an 'always on' mode. Using data and platforms to create impactful and relevant experiences has been my ongoing work. Indigo Consulting, built on a deep foundation of technology has emerged as a leading digital agency. I am excited at the prospect of working with a team of passionate strategy, technology and creative champions at Indigo Consulting to grow the agency into the future and leverage digital comprehensively for brands and businesses." Ghatge brings with him 24 years of experience, 18 of which were spent in the activation and digital business, and two in the technology start-up world. During Ghatge's previous stint at iCare Life, the company created a technology platform to skill, certify and find employment for school dropouts and contract workers and transform them into professional caregivers and chauffeurs. Having begun his career in marketing and sales in the fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) and Pharma sectors, in 1997, he co-promoted Bates CHI & Sercon (erstwhile Sercon). Ghatge's knowledge and experience spans across brand activation, digital and retail marketing, web and app-enabled products and services, and the training domain. He has led award-winning campaigns for brands like P&G, Colgate, Oracle, Nokia, Dell and Castrol. Indigo Consulting is a dgital marketing agency. Established in the year 2000, Indigo Consulting became a part of Leo Burnett (Publicis Groupe) in 2012, and claims to be Leo Burnett Worldwide's largest digital agency in Asia Pacific. Indigo Consulting provides experiences in creating digital strategy and cross-platform campaigns, mobility (mobile and beyond), digital products and utilities, user experience and design, website, app builds and social media content marketing solutions. It partners clientele with marquee brands across industries such as banking and finance, telecom, hospitality, media and entertainment, consumer goods, and automotive among others. Follow afaqs! Search Tags Indigo Consulting Rajesh Ghatge Saurabh Varma Advertising Related Articles Devang Raiyani joins Indigo Consulting as national head of strategy Media Leo Burnett announces merger of Publicis iStrat and Indigo Consulting Advertising Indigo Consulting appoints Navin Kansal as NCD Advertising Saket Vaidya quits Webchutney, joins Indigo Consulting Digital OgilvyOne's Harshad Hardikar joins Indigo Consulting as COO Digital Publicis Groupe acquires digital agency Indigo Consulting Digital Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year "My design gene has woken up": Malvika Mehra on he... Advertising Post backlash, Paytm tones down 'drama'; Does the ... Advertising Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Measuring Digital in India: What Do We Need? Digital Chyawanprash in a Capsule? Marketing "We have a 360 degree presence now": Shilpi Modi, ... Advertising Microsoft Surface discovers the non-starry side of... Media Do these ads make you want to use Google Maps? Digital Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "We've already taken the biggest risk there was": ... Media Publishing Why are Tapsee Pannu, Priya Bapat, Neeti Mohan, Su... Digital Can an overweight comedian sell a beauty cream? Advertising What happens to brand recall when the same celebri... Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital Sulekha.com rides the rap route in its first long ... Digital Arnab Goswami moves on from Times Now Media Publishing Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising Netflix India and Anurag Kashyap mock the 'Great I... Digital How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising Meet the New Airtel Girl: Sasha Chettri Advertising Who's Afraid Of Baba Ramdev's Patanjali? Marketing "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital Meet Team Vermillion: The agency behind Baba Ramde... Advertising 5 / 10❬❭ Current Issue Issue November 1-15 2016 Current Issue Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2016 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / NYSE Dollar Volume Most Active Stocks NYSE Dollar Volume Most Active Stocks posted by Christian Wang on November 11, 2016 at 11:40 am NYSE Dollar Volume Most Active Stocks Bank of America Corporation last traded at $18.76 0.79, up ▲ 4.40 percent on $5,713,998,072 total share volume. Wells Fargo & Company last traded at $51.63 3.64, up ▲ 7.58 percent on $5,175,308,644 total share volume. J P Morgan Chase & Co last traded at $76.65 3.40, up ▲ 4.64 percent on $4,301,064,593 total share volume. Citigroup Inc. last traded at $53.61 2.02, up ▲ 3.92 percent on $2,771,690,020 total share volume. Alibaba Group Holding Limited last traded at $94.34 2.33, down ▼ 2.41 percent on $2,577,744,839 total share volume. General Electric Company last traded at $30.40 0.77, up ▲ 2.60 percent on $2,331,870,821 total share volume. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) last traded at $200.87 8.24, up ▲ 4.28 percent on $2,266,761,104 total share volume. Pfizer, Inc. last traded at $33.49 1.37, up ▲ 4.27 percent on $2,250,157,534 total share volume. Procter & Gamble Company (The) last traded at $82.96 2.97, down ▼ 3.46 percent on $1,829,421,559 total share volume. Allergan plc. last traded at $216.39 3.49, up ▲ 1.64 percent on $1,644,649,041 total share volume. Morgan Stanley last traded at $38.02 1.50, up ▲ 4.11 percent on $1,458,878,195 total share volume. Johnson & Johnson last traded at $119.54 0.77, down ▼ 0.64 percent on $1,423,042,054 total share volume. Visa Inc. last traded at $81.87 1.37, down ▼ 1.65 percent on $1,389,751,028 total share volume. AT&T Inc. last traded at $36.57 0.87, down ▼ 2.32 percent on $1,389,308,233 total share volume. Coca-Cola Company (The) last traded at $40.94 1.33, down ▼ 3.15 percent on $1,360,796,840 total share volume. Philip Morris International Inc last traded at $90.50 3.85, down ▼ 4.08 percent on $1,350,934,859 total share volume. Caterpillar, Inc. last traded at $93.45 2.25, up ▲ 2.47 percent on $1,311,367,964 total share volume. Walt Disney Company (The) last traded at $94.96 0.32, up ▲ 0.34 percent on $1,287,701,946 total share volume. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. last traded at $156.06 4.78, up ▲ 3.16 percent on $1,260,178,570 total share volume. MetLife, Inc. last traded at $53.74 2.46, up ▲ 4.80 percent on $1,254,943,412 total share volume. About Christian Wang CHRISTIAN has worked with the New York Stock Exchange and the International Bank of Shanghai as a financial analyst and Certified Public Accountant before he opened up his own money lending firm in the summer last year. A graduate of Computer Engineering at the Arizona State University, Christian is a young and ambitious individual who possesses a keen eye for detail. Before his stint at the NYSE, he sidelined as editor and writer at various online firms. In his spare time, he speaks at seminars and different consultancy firms, sharing his own knowledge on computer engineering and insights on money matters and business management. He is still single and yet very determined to expand his money lending business in China. View all posts by Christian Wang → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Metatrader Brokers Spot Trade Source of Wealthy Information Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2016 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. ×
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Board of Universal Starch Chem Allied appoints company secretary & compliance officer Business Standard Sensex regains 27,000 in volatile trade Capital Market  November 11, 2016 Last Updated at 13:23 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJBNUl Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Market opens lower on negative global cues Shares jump on strong global signals Weakness prevails on negative global cues Fresh bout of selling drags key indices lower Market pares gains; positive market breadth Key benchmark indices staged a mild recovery after hitting fresh intraday low in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 441.27 points or 1.6% at 27,076.41. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 149.25 points or 1.75% at 8,376.50. The Sensex regained the psychologically important 27,000 mark in volatile trade after hitting an intraday low below that level in intraday trade. A sudden spike in US bond yields to a 10-month high rattled emerging equity markets. The Sensex lost 524.91 points, or 1.91% at the day's low of 26,992.77 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 172.83 points, or 0.63% at the day's high of 27,344.85 in early trade. The Nifty fell 172.90 points, or 2.03% at the day's low of 8,352.85 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 65.15 points, or 0.76% at the day's high of 8,460.60 in early trade. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than five losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,104 shares fell and 402 shares rose. A total of 133 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 2.82%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 2.66%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. State Bank of India fell 2.34% to Rs 275 after net profit fell 34.56% to Rs 2538.32 crore on 8.29% growth in total income to Rs 50742.99 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 11 November 2016. The stock was volatile. The stock rose as much as 2.45% at the day's high of Rs 288.50 so far during the day, which is a 52-week high for the counter. The stock lost as much as 3.87% at the day's low of Rs 270.70 so far during the day. The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at Rs 1.05 lakh crore as on 30 September 2016 compared with Rs 1.01 lakh crore as on 30 June 2016 and Rs 56834.28 crore as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances stood at 7.14% as on 30 September 2016 as against 6.94% as on 30 June 2016 and 4.15% as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of net NPAs to net advances stood at 4.19% as on 30 September 2016 as against 4.05% as on 30 June 2016 and 2.14% as on 30 September 2015. The bank's provisions and contingencies jumped 81.09% to Rs 7896.72 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. Of this, provisions for NPAs surged 99.63% to Rs 7669.66 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. FMCG stocks declined. Britannia Industries (down 4.2%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 3.54%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.24%), Dabur India (down 3.37%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 4.15%), Hindustan Unilever (down 2.09%), Marico (down 5.91%), Nestle India (down 1.23%), Tata Global Beverages (down 3.75%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 1.65%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 4.16%), Bajaj Corp (down 2.09%) fell. Realty stocks fell. DLF (down 5.17%), Housing Development and Infrastructure (down 2.15%), D B Realty (down 5.55%), Unitech (down 3.31%), Sobha (down 4.12%), Godrej Properties (down 6.11%), Sunteck Realty (down 4.26%), Prestige Estates Projects (down 6.36%), Oberoi Realty (down 5.42%) and Parsvnath Developers (down 1.62%) declined. Indiabulls Real Estate rose 5.97%. In overseas stock markets, most Asian shares edged lower as US bond yields soared on expectations US President-elect Donald Trump's policies would stoke inflation. Investors fear that a higher interest rates under incoming President Donald Trump will spark capital outflows from the emerging equity markets. In US, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied to a record close yesterday, 10 November 2016, as investors continued to revise their strategies and reposition portfolios in response to Donald Trump's unexpected presidential election victory. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Sensex | Nifty | Bse | Equity Market | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Sensex regains 27,000 in volatile trade Key benchmark indices staged a mild recovery after hitting fresh intraday low in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 441.27 points or 1.6% at 27,076.41. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 149.25 points or 1.75% at 8,376.50. The Sensex regained the psychologically important 27,000 mark in volatile trade after hitting an intraday low below that level in intraday trade. A sudden spike in US bond yields to a 10-month high rattled emerging equity markets. Key benchmark indices staged a mild recovery after hitting fresh intraday low in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 441.27 points or 1.6% at 27,076.41. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 149.25 points or 1.75% at 8,376.50. The Sensex regained the psychologically important 27,000 mark in volatile trade after hitting an intraday low below that level in intraday trade. A sudden spike in US bond yields to a 10-month high rattled emerging equity markets. The Sensex lost 524.91 points, or 1.91% at the day's low of 26,992.77 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 172.83 points, or 0.63% at the day's high of 27,344.85 in early trade. The Nifty fell 172.90 points, or 2.03% at the day's low of 8,352.85 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 65.15 points, or 0.76% at the day's high of 8,460.60 in early trade. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than five losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,104 shares fell and 402 shares rose. A total of 133 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 2.82%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 2.66%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. State Bank of India fell 2.34% to Rs 275 after net profit fell 34.56% to Rs 2538.32 crore on 8.29% growth in total income to Rs 50742.99 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 11 November 2016. The stock was volatile. The stock rose as much as 2.45% at the day's high of Rs 288.50 so far during the day, which is a 52-week high for the counter. The stock lost as much as 3.87% at the day's low of Rs 270.70 so far during the day. The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at Rs 1.05 lakh crore as on 30 September 2016 compared with Rs 1.01 lakh crore as on 30 June 2016 and Rs 56834.28 crore as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances stood at 7.14% as on 30 September 2016 as against 6.94% as on 30 June 2016 and 4.15% as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of net NPAs to net advances stood at 4.19% as on 30 September 2016 as against 4.05% as on 30 June 2016 and 2.14% as on 30 September 2015. The bank's provisions and contingencies jumped 81.09% to Rs 7896.72 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. Of this, provisions for NPAs surged 99.63% to Rs 7669.66 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. FMCG stocks declined. Britannia Industries (down 4.2%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 3.54%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.24%), Dabur India (down 3.37%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 4.15%), Hindustan Unilever (down 2.09%), Marico (down 5.91%), Nestle India (down 1.23%), Tata Global Beverages (down 3.75%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 1.65%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 4.16%), Bajaj Corp (down 2.09%) fell. Realty stocks fell. DLF (down 5.17%), Housing Development and Infrastructure (down 2.15%), D B Realty (down 5.55%), Unitech (down 3.31%), Sobha (down 4.12%), Godrej Properties (down 6.11%), Sunteck Realty (down 4.26%), Prestige Estates Projects (down 6.36%), Oberoi Realty (down 5.42%) and Parsvnath Developers (down 1.62%) declined. Indiabulls Real Estate rose 5.97%. In overseas stock markets, most Asian shares edged lower as US bond yields soared on expectations US President-elect Donald Trump's policies would stoke inflation. Investors fear that a higher interest rates under incoming President Donald Trump will spark capital outflows from the emerging equity markets. In US, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied to a record close yesterday, 10 November 2016, as investors continued to revise their strategies and reposition portfolios in response to Donald Trump's unexpected presidential election victory. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Sensex regains 27,000 in volatile trade Key benchmark indices staged a mild recovery after hitting fresh intraday low in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 441.27 points or 1.6% at 27,076.41. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 149.25 points or 1.75% at 8,376.50. The Sensex regained the psychologically important 27,000 mark in volatile trade after hitting an intraday low below that level in intraday trade. A sudden spike in US bond yields to a 10-month high rattled emerging equity markets. The Sensex lost 524.91 points, or 1.91% at the day's low of 26,992.77 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 172.83 points, or 0.63% at the day's high of 27,344.85 in early trade. The Nifty fell 172.90 points, or 2.03% at the day's low of 8,352.85 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 65.15 points, or 0.76% at the day's high of 8,460.60 in early trade. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than five losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,104 shares fell and 402 shares rose. A total of 133 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 2.82%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 2.66%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. State Bank of India fell 2.34% to Rs 275 after net profit fell 34.56% to Rs 2538.32 crore on 8.29% growth in total income to Rs 50742.99 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 11 November 2016. The stock was volatile. The stock rose as much as 2.45% at the day's high of Rs 288.50 so far during the day, which is a 52-week high for the counter. The stock lost as much as 3.87% at the day's low of Rs 270.70 so far during the day. The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at Rs 1.05 lakh crore as on 30 September 2016 compared with Rs 1.01 lakh crore as on 30 June 2016 and Rs 56834.28 crore as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances stood at 7.14% as on 30 September 2016 as against 6.94% as on 30 June 2016 and 4.15% as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of net NPAs to net advances stood at 4.19% as on 30 September 2016 as against 4.05% as on 30 June 2016 and 2.14% as on 30 September 2015. The bank's provisions and contingencies jumped 81.09% to Rs 7896.72 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. Of this, provisions for NPAs surged 99.63% to Rs 7669.66 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. FMCG stocks declined. Britannia Industries (down 4.2%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 3.54%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.24%), Dabur India (down 3.37%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 4.15%), Hindustan Unilever (down 2.09%), Marico (down 5.91%), Nestle India (down 1.23%), Tata Global Beverages (down 3.75%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 1.65%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 4.16%), Bajaj Corp (down 2.09%) fell. Realty stocks fell. DLF (down 5.17%), Housing Development and Infrastructure (down 2.15%), D B Realty (down 5.55%), Unitech (down 3.31%), Sobha (down 4.12%), Godrej Properties (down 6.11%), Sunteck Realty (down 4.26%), Prestige Estates Projects (down 6.36%), Oberoi Realty (down 5.42%) and Parsvnath Developers (down 1.62%) declined. Indiabulls Real Estate rose 5.97%. In overseas stock markets, most Asian shares edged lower as US bond yields soared on expectations US President-elect Donald Trump's policies would stoke inflation. Investors fear that a higher interest rates under incoming President Donald Trump will spark capital outflows from the emerging equity markets. In US, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied to a record close yesterday, 10 November 2016, as investors continued to revise their strategies and reposition portfolios in response to Donald Trump's unexpected presidential election victory. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Leisure Last Modified: Fri, Nov 11 2016. 12 56 PM IST Suketu Talekar: Master brewer Why the co-founder of the hugely successful Doolally craft beers thinks the Indian craft-beer industry will be twice the size of the wine industry in five years Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Dustin Silgardo Suketu Talekar. Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint When I first met Suketu Talekar in Pune, back in 2009, Brewcrafts Microbrewing Pvt. Ltd, which produces Doolally craft beers, was still making test batches of ales and ciders. As I watched Talekar, then 32, and German head brewer and co-founder Oliver Schauf, whom he met online when he was looking for a partner, haul sacks of malt and hops from the storage room to the brewery, they had to explain to me the basics of how a beer is made. “Beer is, essentially, the shit and piss of yeast,” Talekar, Doolally’s co-founder, had said, guffawing. They had to carefully list the differences between an industrial beer and a craft one, and why the latter was more desirable. As India’s first microbrewery, Doolally’s principal challenge then was simply letting consumers know there was more to beer than Kingfisher and Foster’s. Just seven years later, India has more than 30 microbreweries. If you’re anywhere in Bengaluru, Pune, Gurgaon or Mumbai, you’re not far from a pub that will serve you a craft beer on tap. Even your local wine shop may have bottles of craft beer made by an Indian company. Talekar, who is in charge of Doolally’s marketing and sales—Schauf handles the making of the beer—is neither surprised, nor overly excited, about the rapid growth of a market he helped open up. “If you make a good beer, consumers will love it. That was always a no-brainer for me,” he says. We are sitting at the Doolally Taproom in Bandra, Mumbai, one of three such outlets in the city. The company, which began selling its beers at The Corinthians Resort & Club in Pune in 2009, brought its brews to Mumbai in 2015. The Bandra Taproom, wholly owned and run by Doolally, was their first outlet, and since then, two more have opened, one in Andheri and another at Kemps Corner. These restaurants are perpetually filled with increasingly knowledgeable beer drinkers who don’t even need the menu, let alone an explanation of what craft beer is, to place their order. But the education process has not been completed, says Talekar. “We have moved a long way from walking into a bar and asking just for ‘a beer’. Now, we walk into a bar and ask for a brand and a style—a Gateway Doppelganger or an Independence IPA (India Pale Ale),” he says. “Customers know there are possibilities of beer beyond Kingfisher and Foster’s. But really understanding what those possibilities are, that is an ongoing process.” "Among light, session beers, Talekar’s favourite styles are Gose, a salty, tarty German beer; Saison, which is easy to drink; the English bitter; and the English brown ale, particularly Hobgoblin, made by the Wychwood Brewery Company. Among challenging styles, he loves Indian Pale Ales, Belgian Tripels and Porters."- As that process continues, Talekar expects the industry to grow to a size that will dwarf what is now being heralded as a craft-beer boom. The US has seen the number of microbreweries reach nearly 5,000, even though the first one opened only in the late 1970s, he says. At this early stage in India, he sees other microbreweries more as allies than as competitors. “More players means more perspective on the product. It means more experimentation. It means consumers holding brewers to a higher standard, which means improvement on the product.” And he is impressed with the quality of entrepreneurs entering the craft beer industry, something he thinks will be critical to the pace it grows at. “People are making conservative estimates about the market for craft beer because they are underestimating the quality of the entrepreneurs entering this market. I believe there is a qualitative difference between the early bunch of winemakers and the early bunch of craft-beer makers. I will put my money behind a statement that in five years, craft beer will be 2x or 3x bigger than the wine industry. Which would mean that in 10 years, we would have done what the wine guys haven’t managed to do in 25 years. And that’s because of the quality of the entrepreneurs.” One of the stumbling blocks for the craft-beer industry has been the red tape one has to navigate to begin making craft beer and, then, package it in a way that is profitable. A number of breweries have complained that without being allowed to bottle their beers, they are left with too few revenue streams to break even. Talekar thinks the extent of these problems is overstated. Doolally has joined hands with a few other breweries to form the Maharashtra Craft Brewers Association, and they are seeking, among other things, permission from the excise department to sell beer in growlers (air-tight jugs used to store beer) at brewpubs. “It will be like parcelling beer, like you parcel food at a restaurant,” Talekar explains. Someday, he would also like to see Doolally beers sitting in bottles in stores. But at the moment he is not fixated on finding new ways to package and sell his beer. Rather, his days are spent managing Doolally’s Taprooms and ensuring that he “wins with every consumer who walks in”. Doolally’s Taprooms have become popular in Mumbai as places for relaxed get-togethers. They are brightly lit, unlike other pubs; the music is soft, allowing conversation; and the walls are lined with shelves full of books and board games, suggesting this is a place you will not be hurried in. Talekar understands that the context in which he sells his beer is as important as the product. “We believe that people don’t come here to eat and drink. They come here for something else. They come here to spend time with friends, someone they love or their colleagues. It’s like an extension of their living rooms.” Born in Gujarat’s Bhavnagar and schooled in Nashik, Talekar did a course in production engineering from the Jawaharlal Nehru College in Aurangabad. After a stint with his father’s company, which did sales and after-sales service of diesel engines, Talekar completed his master’s in business administration from the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, in 2004. He then worked as an assistant brand manager with Procter & Gamble in Singapore. He had always been a beer drinker, but had never drunk truly good beer until he began frequenting a brewpub named Brewerkz there. He returned to India a year later with the idea of bringing good beer to his home country. His conservative family wasn’t too happy; they didn’t think “decent” people should be dealing in liquor. After a decade-long journey with BrewCrafts Microbrewing/Doolally, Talekar is doing things he had never imagined he would. Such as managing a pub. “We only began running our first 18 months ago, and now we have three, without raising any money. What I’ve learnt in this time is that there is no greater marketing tool than experiential retail. You can actually moderate how a person feels. That’s why every Apple store is worth a hundred million dollars that Microsoft spends on advertising.” Doolally’s beer sales have grown 400% since 2014 and their total revenue has increased by 1,000% in the same period. They’ve also added to their staff, currently at around 180, and have moved from working out of the Taprooms to an office in Santacruz. With this pace of growth, employees come to work every day knowing they are going to have to face new challenges, which is why Talekar sees his role as that of a cheerleader. “I believe in letting people be. I think that if you recruit right, then your job is to create conditions that will let people succeed and give them the leeway to make decisions and mistakes too. It’s natural when you are doing so many new things for morale to dip at times. My job is to get everyone excited about the big picture.” Dustin Silgardo Topics: Suketu TalekarDoolally craft beersMicrobreweriesPuneOliver Schauf More from this Section Amp up your office wear The effect of demonetization The cashless campaigner Lounge review: Asia Kitchen & Bar, Mumbai Lounge loves: A multi-disciplinary ‘Tempest’ from Kerala Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy First Published: Fri, Nov 11 2016. 12 51 PM IST Latest News Suspect cash: I-T department warns violators will face max seven year jail term Sebi mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs We can work towards ‘Make in India & Make with India’: Israel Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Latest News Suspect cash: I-T department warns violators will face max seven year jail term Sebi mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs We can work towards ‘Make in India & Make with India’: Israel Angela Merkel said to tell her party she’ll run again as Chancellor Govt plans to double the number of airports in 2-3 years: Jayant Sinha Mint On Sunday The dilemma of Draupadī’s disrobing The prodigals return to Neroca US elections: How slogans can make or break a candidate Now, the crowd can bankroll your research How to maximize judicial time Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close

Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Alibaba Singles’ Day shopping frenzy exceeds US$16.8b to break record  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies SINGLES DAY SHOPPING Singles' Day Singles' Day Alibaba Singles’ Day shopping frenzy exceeds US$16.8b to break record Spending on Alibaba platforms, which include Tmall, Taobao and AliExpress, soared past last year’s record of US$14.3 billion by 5.40pm, and has hit US$17.8 billion, chalking up a 24 per cent growth PUBLISHED : Friday, 11 November, 2016, 1:28pm UPDATED : Monday, 14 November, 2016, 11:52am Comments:   Celine Ge celine.ge@scmp.com http://twitter.com/CelineJGE Share PrintEmail Related topics Singles' Day Alibaba Related Articles China Business China’s rural population major new growth market for online automobile sales, Alibaba says 14 Nov 2016 Companies Alibaba’s Singles’ Day sale becomes more international 13 Nov 2016 China Tech Drones take flight on Singles’ Day 13 Nov 2016 Alibaba Group Holding, the e-commerce giant behind the 24-hour Singles’ Day shopping blitz – the world’s biggest retail event surpassing Black Friday – smashed last year’s sales record of 91.2 billion yuan, soaring past the total at 3:19pm on Friday. Spending on Alibaba platforms, including Tmall, Taobao and Ali­Express, topped 120.7 billion yuan (US$17.8 billion), a 32 per cent rise on last year’s sales. More than 82 per cent of the sales were conducted through mobile devices, with purchases using smartphones 99 billion yuan, according to Alibaba’s live data. Launched in 2009, the day-long event held annually on November 11 is considered a benchmark for the country’s continuing swing towards online shopping, and is seen by economists as a bellwether of consumer demand. WATCH: Chinese spend 120.7 billion yuan on Singles’ Day as Alibaba reveals their new global strategy This year’s selling spree kicked off at midnight in Shenzhen with a gala event featuring a host of celebrities, including English football legend David Beckham, basketball star Kobe Bryant, actress Scarlett Johansson and rock band One Republic, to drum up international attention. There was an immediate wave of pre-orders that shoppers had placed ahead that propelled the first billion dollars of transactions in less than five minutes, said Alibaba, which also owns the South China Morning Post. Spending took place across the spectrum of retail goods, from soya sauce to shampoo. Singles’ Day has become an emerging billion-dollar battle ground for Alibaba and its chief rival JD.com in their hunt for new growth areas. The spending this year had also been expected to be higher partly because of the quality of goods being offered to attract the rising middle classes, who are thirsty for everything from sparkling water from Fiji to biscuits from Britain. The anticipated fight for sales, particularly in the grocery segment, escalated three weeks ago in the lead-up to Singles’ Day, when Wal-Mart Stores said it set up a store in Beijing in a tie-up with JD to deliver imported goods to shoppers “within hours”. On the same day in Hong Kong, Alibaba brought into spotlight its alliance with Costco Wholesale, the largest warehouse retailer in the United States, as well as other grocery brands, such as Procter & Gamble, that were expected to be at the forefront of promotions, including offering steep discounts and products not yet available in China. The pacts with western consumer multinationals is just part of a multibillion-dollar campaign rolled out by Alibaba, which has vowed to outspend its rivals to gain an upper hand in the online grocery war. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Singles’ Day shopping frenzy breaks records with US$17.8b in sales   Most Popular Viewed 1 JPMorgan pays US$264 million fine to settle US probe into nepotism hires 2 Trump means business (in every sense) 3 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 4 Hong Kong has second most expensive street in the world 5 Huawei working on smartphone which will ‘smell, taste, hear and see’ as well as humans Shared 1 Trump means business (in every sense) 2 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 3 JPMorgan pays US$264 million fine to settle US probe into nepotism hires 4 Hong Kong has second most expensive street in the world 5 Huawei working on smartphone which will ‘smell, taste, hear and see’ as well as humans Commented 1 Independence advocates are putting Hong Kong on a dangerous path, former Jockey Club chairman warns 2 Watch: Local soccer fans chant ‘We are Hong Kong!’ during China national anthem before EAFF game against North Korea 3 Lin Dan apologises as pictures of badminton star having affair while wife was pregnant blow up Chinese internet 4 A moment of madness: Hong Kong defenders go to sleep and concede soft goal in defeat by North Korea 5 Will China’s plan to get everyone in the country exercising make an impact on Hong Kong? Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China Trump expected to welcome Chinese investment in US, despite threatening tough tariffs on country’s products 16 Nov 2016 - 8:43am 5 Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Game changes in Hong Kong’s Legislative Council after ban of two localist lawmakers 17 Nov 2016 - 11:15am 67 Mission Hills: Profits for the Family, for the People, for the Nation Presented by: Credit Suisse Hong Kong Joseph Lau slams ‘greedy’ ex-girlfriend in video interview, confirms he wrote newspaper statement about breakup 16 Nov 2016 - 9:11pm 12 Hong Kong Dream of owning a home is over for most young Hong Kong people 15 Nov 2016 - 11:29pm 43 Offbeat The ‘mannequin challenge’ is the latest social media craze Nov 17th 2016, 3:37pm China Booming e-businesses amid tight censorship ... can China have it both ways with the internet? 15 Nov 2016 - 11:28pm 6 Hong Kong HK$14m revamp of Hong Kong Star Ferry looks to make waves with sofas, glass roof and diesel-electric generator 15 Nov 2016 - 10:36pm 7 Hong Kong Hong Kong’s foreign domestic helpers to be protected by new rule on window cleaning in early 2017 14 Nov 2016 - 11:50pm 10 China The day Donald Trump took on the Chinese government – and lost 15 Nov 2016 - 12:20am 15 Politics After Trump and Brexit, is Asia next on the anti-establishment hitlist? 14 Nov 2016 - 9:03am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.

Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com India Toothbrush Market Outlook to 2020 – Rising Awareness for Oral Care and Premiumization of Products to Drive Growth LONDON, Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — EXECUTIVE SUMMARY The report titled “India Toothbrush Market Outlook to 2020 – Rising Awareness for Oral Care and Premiumization of Products to Drive Growth” provides a comprehensive analysis of the various aspects such as market size of India oral care and toothbrush market. The report also covers the segmentation on the basis of product categories, local and imported product sales, adult and kid’s toothbrush along with import volume, value and destination involved. Market shares of major players in India toothbrush market as well as the competitive landscape of major players in organized retail and e-commerce have also been covered in the report. The India oral care market was estimated at INR ~ million in the fiscal year 2015 and has soared at a CAGR of ~% from FY’2010-FY’2015. With increasing awareness on oral problems and hygiene, people have been slowly shifting towards advanced oral health care items such as mouthwash, dental floss in order to save time involved in cleansing procedure of teeth with homemade products. The oral care market, which holds nearly ~% share in the India oral care market revenue, has reached INR ~ million in FY’2015. Growing awareness based upon the benefits of brushing teeth twice a day has been an important factor behind the incredible growth of the industry. Intense competition and convincing advertisement and promotional strategies adopted by players have enabled the increased adoption of toothbrush across the rural and semi-urban areas. Manual toothbrushes have a major share in the Indian toothbrush market and contributed around ~% market share in FY’2015. The electric toothbrushes have accounted for a smaller share in the market as the demand for electric toothbrushes has been driven by the upper class population in the country. The adult toothbrushes in both electric and manual brushes have a lion share of ~% as of FY’2015 as compared to kid’s brushes which accounted for ~% of the market share in India in FY’2015. Toothbrushes with medium bristles have dominated the market for toothbrush over the past five year period and contributed to a leading share of ~% in terms of sales volume during FY’2015. Further, only a minor ~% of the domestic toothbrush sales value was derived from imports, whereas a dominant ~% of the market revenue was generated through domestic production. The India toothbrush market has been dominated by major multinational oral care companies such as Colgate Palmolive, P&G and GSK. Colgate-Palmolive has remained as the market leader holding its volume share of ~% in FY’2015. In case of toothbrushes, nearly ~% of the sales were channeled through unorganized retail in FY’2015. It was observed that majority of the consumers preferred buying toothbrushes from the nearest pharmacy stores or general stores mainly because such shops are usually located in the vicinity. Online retail channel contributed to only ~% of the share of toothbrush sales in FY’2015. Ken Research also conducted a survey in which multiple customers were interviewed to understand their buying patterns and usage preferences in case of manual as well as power toothbrushes. It was observed that Oral-B is the most popular brand in both the categories followed by Colgate. India toothbrush market holds a great potential owing to the development of premium category products, rising advertisement and promotional efforts by FMCG companies to make consumers aware particularly in rural areas along with the rising awareness levels leading to higher replacement rate of toothbrush. The toothbrush market is projected to witness a strong growth by FY’2020. It is anticipated that the market revenues will escalate at a CAGR of ~% from FY’2015-FY’2020 and is projected to reach INR 26 million by FY’2020. Key Topics Covered in the Report: -The market size of India oral care market. -The market size of India toothbrush market. -Historical and expected future trends in India toothbrush market. -SWOT analysis in India toothbrush market. -Market segmentation of India toothbrush market on the basis of product categories, local sales and imports, adults & kids, type of bristles and import volume, value & destination involved. -Existing Business Model in E-commerce Industry. -Major e-commerce websites. -Brand Analysis by 4Ps. -Market share and business strategies of major players in India toothbrush market. -Value chain and business model in India toothbrush market. -Major players in each distribution channel. -Market share of distribution channels. -Trends in retail offline and online market. -Survey on customer preferences and paradigm -Snapshot of Power toothbrush in India -Recommendation and opportunities Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3940211/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 11, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Plasma Therapy Market by Type, Source, Application, End User, Region – Global Forecast to 2021 Next Next post: Philippines Dental Care Market Outlook to 2019 – Increasing Awareness on Oral Care and Popularity of Dental Tourism to Foster Growth Search for: Search Recent Posts Statement by Minister Joly on Sir Wilfrid Laurier's 175th Birthday LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Diamond Packaging Wins Three Awards in 73rd Annual Paperboard Packaging Competition Diamond Packaging Wins Three Awards in 73rd Annual Paperboard Packaging Competition Awards showcase Diamond’s folding carton decorating capabilities, including printing, cold foiling, and embossing. Rochester, NY, November 12, 2016 –(PR.com)– Diamond Packaging won three awards in the 73rd annual North American Paperboard Packaging Competition, the industry’s premier showcase for all that is new and outstanding in paperboard packaging design and technology. Awards were presented October 27, 2016 at the PPC 2016 Fall Meeting and Leadership Conference in San Antonio, TX. The competition, sponsored by the Paperboard Packaging Council (PPC) and judged by a jury of packaging professionals, industry experts, and professors, is a celebration of the industry and its creative potential. It is also an affirmation of paperboard as the clear and intelligent choice for packaging in today’s eco-conscious world. Diamond won an Excellence Award for Elizabeth Arden’s John Varvatos Artisan Blu folding carton. The carton was converted utilizing Clearwater Paper Candesce® SBS paperboard and offset printed with four color process and blue inks, in-line with UV matte, and UV gloss spot coating. The multi-level embossed “water” pattern on the front, side, and rear panels, was tightly registered to the printing and coatings, contributing to the natural aesthetic of the carton. The interplay between the coatings and multi-level embossing create a shimmering effect, inspired by Mediterranean beaches. The embossed graphic on the rear panel represents the flask-like fragrance bottle housed in handwoven rattan. Diamond won an Excellence Award for L’Oreal USA’s Matrix Oil Wonders promotional packaging. The carton was converted utilizing KapStone Kraftpak® high-yield, low density paperboard and printed with UV flexo white, opaque white, four color process, and dense black inks, in-line with UV varnish. Printed opaque white dots provide a perfect counterpoint to the brilliant gold foil stamped dots, creating dimension and visual interest. Gold foil surrounds the die cut windows, framing the hair care products within and drawing attention to the free product sample inside. Kraftpak’s natural aesthetic embodies the essence of ancient world rituals, while the gold metallic flourishes infuses the visual with a rich, exotic quality. Diamond won an Excellence Award for its 2016 calendar, which marks the 25th anniversary of a long-standing company tradition. The grandfather clock theme, with its inner mechanisms perfectly balanced, represents the collaborative and precise nature of Diamond’s work. The calendar was converted utilizing Clearwater Paper Candesce® SBS paperboard and offset printed with four color process inks, UV matte coating, and UV gloss spot coating. The dimensional header features a multi-level embossed and debossed woodgrain pattern, and a striking clock face insert enhanced with UV gloss spot coating, cold foil, and multi-level embossing, creating a dramatic sense of texture and depth. It also incorporates an opening APET rigid window panel and foil embossed chimes that artfully simulate a real grandfather clock. The middle backers also feature a multi-level embossed woodgrain pattern, and three unique sets of foil embossed gears enhanced with UV gloss spot coating. Metal Magic provided all of the embossing dies. The tightly-registered foil accents, which lend authenticity to the piece, were achieved using state-of-the-art, in-line cold foiling technology. They also showcase the type of decorative effects that can cost-effectively elevate customers’ brands. All of Diamond’s winning entries were manufactured using 100% clean, renewable wind energy and produced in a Zero Manufacturing Waste to Landfill (ZMWL) facility. About Diamond Packaging: Founded in 1911, Diamond Packaging is a WBENC-certified woman-owned business specializing in developing innovative and sustainable packaging solutions. Utilizing state of-the-art technologies, Diamond designs and manufactures paperboard and plastic folding cartons, and provides contract packaging services for the personal care (cosmetics, hair care, skin care, fragrance, oral care, and shaving), health care, pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, and food and confectionery industries. Its client portfolio includes Bausch & Lomb, Beiersdorf, Coty, Elizabeth Arden, Estée Lauder, Godiva Chocolatier, L’Oreal, Procter & Gamble, and Shiseido. As part of the Global Packaging Alliance® (GPA), Diamond and its alliance members offer packaging solutions to companies operating on an international scale. Customers receive responsive, localized service, award-winning creative designs, identical product specifications and consistent brand recognition, resulting in unparalleled worldwide packaging support. For more information about Diamond Packaging, visit www.diamondpackaging.com. Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 12, 2016November 12, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for November 12: Teach the Children Next Next post: Indian Motorcycle and Zac Brown Band Team up to Surprise Veterans During Atlanta Charity Ride Search for: Search Recent Posts LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Diamond Packaging Press Release Receive press releases from Diamond Packaging: By Email RSS Feeds: Diamond Packaging Wins Three Awards in 73rd Annual Paperboard Packaging Competition Awards showcase Diamonds folding carton decorating capabilities, including printing, cold foiling, and embossing. Rochester, NY, November 12, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Diamond Packaging won three awards in the 73rd annual North American Paperboard Packaging Competition, the industry’s premier showcase for all that is new and outstanding in paperboard packaging design and technology. Awards were presented October 27, 2016 at the PPC 2016 Fall Meeting and Leadership Conference in San Antonio, TX. The competition, sponsored by the Paperboard Packaging Council (PPC) and judged by a jury of packaging professionals, industry experts, and professors, is a celebration of the industry and its creative potential. It is also an affirmation of paperboard as the clear and intelligent choice for packaging in today’s eco-conscious world. Diamond won an Excellence Award for Elizabeth Arden’s John Varvatos Artisan Blu folding carton. The carton was converted utilizing Clearwater Paper Candesce® SBS paperboard and offset printed with four color process and blue inks, in-line with UV matte, and UV gloss spot coating. The multi-level embossed “water” pattern on the front, side, and rear panels, was tightly registered to the printing and coatings, contributing to the natural aesthetic of the carton. The interplay between the coatings and multi-level embossing create a shimmering effect, inspired by Mediterranean beaches. The embossed graphic on the rear panel represents the flask-like fragrance bottle housed in handwoven rattan. Diamond won an Excellence Award for L’Oreal USA’s Matrix Oil Wonders promotional packaging. The carton was converted utilizing KapStone Kraftpak® high-yield, low density paperboard and printed with UV flexo white, opaque white, four color process, and dense black inks, in-line with UV varnish. Printed opaque white dots provide a perfect counterpoint to the brilliant gold foil stamped dots, creating dimension and visual interest. Gold foil surrounds the die cut windows, framing the hair care products within and drawing attention to the free product sample inside. Kraftpak’s natural aesthetic embodies the essence of ancient world rituals, while the gold metallic flourishes infuses the visual with a rich, exotic quality. Diamond won an Excellence Award for its 2016 calendar, which marks the 25th anniversary of a long-standing company tradition. The grandfather clock theme, with its inner mechanisms perfectly balanced, represents the collaborative and precise nature of Diamond’s work. The calendar was converted utilizing Clearwater Paper Candesce® SBS paperboard and offset printed with four color process inks, UV matte coating, and UV gloss spot coating. The dimensional header features a multi-level embossed and debossed woodgrain pattern, and a striking clock face insert enhanced with UV gloss spot coating, cold foil, and multi-level embossing, creating a dramatic sense of texture and depth. It also incorporates an opening APET rigid window panel and foil embossed chimes that artfully simulate a real grandfather clock. The middle backers also feature a multi-level embossed woodgrain pattern, and three unique sets of foil embossed gears enhanced with UV gloss spot coating. Metal Magic provided all of the embossing dies. The tightly-registered foil accents, which lend authenticity to the piece, were achieved using state-of-the-art, in-line cold foiling technology. They also showcase the type of decorative effects that can cost-effectively elevate customers’ brands. All of Diamond’s winning entries were manufactured using 100% clean, renewable wind energy and produced in a Zero Manufacturing Waste to Landfill (ZMWL) facility. About Diamond Packaging: Founded in 1911, Diamond Packaging is a WBENC-certified woman-owned business specializing in developing innovative and sustainable packaging solutions. Utilizing state of-the-art technologies, Diamond designs and manufactures paperboard and plastic folding cartons, and provides contract packaging services for the personal care (cosmetics, hair care, skin care, fragrance, oral care, and shaving), health care, pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, and food and confectionery industries. Its client portfolio includes Bausch & Lomb, Beiersdorf, Coty, Elizabeth Arden, Estée Lauder, Godiva Chocolatier, L’Oreal, Procter & Gamble, and Shiseido. As part of the Global Packaging Alliance® (GPA), Diamond and its alliance members offer packaging solutions to companies operating on an international scale. Customers receive responsive, localized service, award-winning creative designs, identical product specifications and consistent brand recognition, resulting in unparalleled worldwide packaging support. For more information about Diamond Packaging, visit www.diamondpackaging.com. Contact Information Diamond Packaging Dennis Bacchetta, Director of Marketing 800-333-4079 x229 Contact www.diamondpackaging.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Diamond Packaging Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. multinationals eye foreign profits tax break with Trump win Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Fri Nov 11, 2016 | 1:58am EST U.S. multinationals eye foreign profits tax break with Trump win left right U.S. President elect Donald Trump speaks at election night rally in Manhattan, New York, U.S., November 9, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar 1/3 left right The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company Pfizer is pictured here in La Jolla, California April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake 2/3 left right FILE PHOTO -- A Microsoft logo is seen a day after Microsoft Corp's $26.2 billion purchase of LinkedIn Corp, in Los Angeles, California, U.S. June 14, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo 3/3 By David Morgan | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Donald Trump's White House victory moves Apple (AAPL.O), Pfizer (PFE.N), Microsoft (MSFT.O) and other big U.S. corporations much closer than they have been in years to winning a big tax break on $2.6 trillion in foreign profits. Tax reform is shaping up as among the most fruitful areas for cooperation between Trump and his fellow Republicans, who held control in Tuesday's elections of both the House of Representatives and the Senate. Trump and congressional Republicans have separate, but similar, tax reform plans. Both would slash tax rates on businesses, simplify and cut individual taxes, and let companies bring overseas profits into the country at a low tax rate, raising prospects for a sweeping deal on taxes. Bipartisan support for corporate tax reform has been growing as multinational companies have amassed tax-deferred profits abroad and brought continuous lobbying pressure over a decade for a tax break on them. "On tax policy, he's basically adopted the House blueprint as his approach," said Rohit Kumar, co-leader of the tax policy services practice at Big Four accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers [PWC.UL]. "There's a better chance that something happens next year than there has been at any point in the last several years." At the heart of the issue is a law that lets U.S. companies hold foreign profits overseas without paying U.S. corporate tax on them, unless and until those profits are brought into the United States, which is known as repatriation. Corporations have $2.6 trillion stashed abroad under this law. That money could be repatriated any time, but businesses choose not to because it would incur the 35 percent statutory corporate income tax. Trump and House Republicans, including Speaker Paul Ryan, would still need to agree on how to pay for lower corporate tax rates and on whether U.S.-based multinationals should pay U.S. taxes on future foreign profits. Trump and congressional Republicans would also need support for tax reform from Democrats if they intend to present the package as a benefit for the country as a whole, analysts say. Such proposals have stumbled before on Democrats' objections that they are corporate give-away, and on Republicans' insistence that they be paired with a cut in the corporate income tax rate. Democrats could still block legislation they dislike from reaching the floor of the Senate, which requires a super majority of 60 votes to advance a measure, but there are procedural maneuvers Republicans could use to bypass them. The one-time surge in revenue that would result from repatriation could help fund another cornerstone of Trump's campaign platform -- a pledge to boost the economy through big investments in U.S. highways, roads, bridges, airports and seaports. Infrastructure spending was not a campaign priority for congressional Republicans. But a new job-creating program could appeal to Democrats and be valuable to lawmakers in the 2018 mid-term elections. The four companies with the largest profits held overseas are: Apple Inc ($200 billion), Pfizer Inc ($194 billion), Microsoft Corp ($108 billion) and General Electric Co (GE.N) ($104 billion), according to March estimates by Citizens for Tax Justice, a corporate income tax watchdog group in Washington. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2eBx2BO). The European Commission in August hit Apple with a 13 billion euro ($14.3 billion) bill for back taxes, fanning concerns among other U.S. multinationals and U.S. officials that their untaxed foreign revenues could be vulnerable to further European penalties. Apple CEO Tim Cook told an interviewer in September that he expects to repatriate billions of dollars in global profits to the United States in 2017 but did not say how. He said in another interview that the company would not bring money back unless there was "a fair rate" and said he was optimistic that tax reform would occur next year. BUSINESS SUPPORT The House tax plan, which Ryan and other leading Republicans promoted throughout the campaign, would lower the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, force multinationals to repatriate existing foreign earnings and adopt a "territorial" system that would largely end taxation of U.S. companies' foreign income. Trump is calling for a steeper rate cut to 15 percent, and he has proposed a 10 percent tax rate for repatriated overseas profits held in cash, payable over a decade. Some are optimistic that those differences can be overcome. "In the end, there are no differences that can't be solved on the tax issue," said Republican Representative Tom Cole. The House Republican plan has had significant support from business. Kumar's PwC advises the Alliance for Competitive Taxation, which lobbies on tax reform for over 40 companies ranging from Alcoa Inc (AA.N) and Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO.O) to Alphabet's Google Inc (GOOGL.O), Procter & Gamble Co (PG.N) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N). "We know what we want," said Dorothy Coleman, a tax policy expert at the National Association of Manufacturers, referring to a lower corporate tax rate, adopting a "modern, competitive" territorial system, and a permanent R&D credit among other wishes. The House's corporate tax plan would cut revenues by more than $890 billion over 10 years, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. The same research group says Trump's corporate plan would reduce revenues by $2.6 trillion. Trump and Republicans in Congress view tax reform as a way to jump-start economic growth and job creation. Business lobbyists say that higher tax revenues from a growing economy would address much of the House plan's shortfall. Trump advisers say revenue erosion posed by the president-elect's plan would be overcome by growth and policy initiatives including a more aggressive approach to trade. (Additional reporting by Susan Cornwell; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Stuart Grudgings) Next In Business News China pledges further opening as leaders scramble for free trade LIMA Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged to open the economy further on Saturday as leaders of Asia-Pacific countries sought new free-trade options following Donald Trump's election to U.S. president on promises to scrap or renegotiate trade deals. Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper FRANKFURT Europe's largest carmaker Volkswagen sees building its own factory to make electronic vehicle batteries as a logical move as it expands production of low-emission cars after its emissions scandal. After initial Trump trade, politics keep stocks on edge NEW YORK Arguing over politics is a Thanksgiving Day tradition, but Donald Trump's presidential election adds a new twist to any bickering at next week's holiday dinner table: What the new U.S. government could mean for your stock portfolio. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Christie’s preps for fall auctions Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
