Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Procter &amp; Gamble Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average – Bullish for PG Shutterstock photo In trading on Friday, shares of Procter & Gamble Co. (Symbol: PG) crossed above their 200 day moving average of $87.27, changing hands as high as $87.38 per share. Procter & Gamble Co. shares are currently trading up about 0.4% on the day. The chart below shows the one year performance of PG shares, versus its 200 day moving average: Looking at the chart above, PG’s low point in its 52 week range is $80.74 per share, with $92.00 as the 52 week high point – that compares with a last trade of $87.17. According to the ETF Finder at ETF Channel, PG makes up 11.37% of the Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR Fund ETF (Symbol: XLP) which is trading up by about 0.3% on the day Friday. Click here to find out which 9 other dividend stocks recently crossed above their 200 day moving average » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Referenced Symbols: PG , XLP CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dow Jones Industrial Average Notches Big Weekly Win in Light Pre-Holiday Trading Next PostNext Noteworthy Friday Option Activity: AMC, CHRS, LVS Search Recent Posts Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Trump Pleased With Results of First Overseas Trip Another Strong Start of Year for ADAMA Former Head of Small Business Administration Urges University of La Verne Graduates to Embrace Entrepreneurial Spirit Prof. Narayana Rao KVSS’s Lecture is a Big Hit at the Annual Conference of IISE 2017, held at Pittsburgh, PA, USA. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Dividend Stocks in Consumer Staples A look at three top-notch dividend payers in this defensive sector. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) May 27, 2017 at 1:07PM Consumer staples companies -- household products makers like Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) and beverage makers like Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) -- are generally regarded as some of the best dividend stocks on the market. These are stocks that tend be defensive by nature, as demand for products like toothpaste is stable no matter what the overall economy is doing. Thanks to their strong collection of brands, they also tend to have solid profit margins, which enables them to return billions of dollars in capital to shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends. For investors looking to balance out their portfolios with some defensive, consumer-based dividend stocks, here are three choices that won't disappoint. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Altria  Altria (NYSE:MO), the Marlboro parent and former parent of Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM), is one of the best-performing stocks of the last 50 years when dividends are included. Despite smoking's decline in the U.S., Altria has been able to grow profits by raising prices and introducing products in new categories like e-cigarettes with its MarkTen brand. Cigarettes have proven to be incredibly inelastic products -- U.S. consumers pay upwards of $10 for a pack in some states. While much of that cost goes to taxes, it's allowed cigarette-makers to lift their own prices, inflating profit margins. As an addictive product with no good substitute, cigarette makers like Altria will continue to command wide profit margins. And as compensation for the risk of a declining market, investors have the huge potential upside of Altria getting in on the marijuana market if legalization continues to spread. As the country's largest cigarette-maker, Altria is ideally positioned to take advantage of such an opportunity. For dividend investors, Altria remains a solid bet with a 3.5% dividend yield -- and while not technically a Dividend Aristocrat because it cut its dividend proportionally after spinning off Philip Morris in 2008, the stock's history is the same as that of an aristocrat. Most recently, its annual payout hikes have been in the high single-digit range, and investors should expect that pattern to continue. 2. Anheuser Busch/InBev Fellow vice stock Anheuser Busch/InBev (NYSE:BUD) is the world's largest beer-maker, with a market cap of over $200 billion. AB InBev has consolidated its dominant position through a slew of recent acquisition, including most prominently its $103 billion takeover of rival SABMiller last year. AB/InBev has also acquired a number of smaller craft brewers and leveraged its marketing and distribution muscle to grow sales. At a time when American drinkers are turning away from traditional macrobrews like Bud Light, that ability to acquire smaller brands has helped fuel growth and protected the company from competition. The beer-maker is a solid dividend payer as well, offering a 3.5% yield. Since the company is based in Belgium, the dividend increases and payouts are affected by exchange rates, but it lifted the payout by 20% in its most recent hike, though it said following the merger with SAB Miller that it expected dividend increases to be more modest as it deleverages the debt from the deal. With the SAB Miller acquisition behind it, an unmatched global distribution network, and a strong position with craft beers, the company should be a reliable dividend payer for years to come. 3. Pepsico Soda has been a tough business in recent years as Americans turn away from sugary substances, but Pepsico (NYSE:PEP) is much more diversified than investors might think. In addition to Pepsi and other sodas, the company also owns Frito-Lay snacks, Quaker Foods, and dominant non-carbonated beverage brands like Tropicana and Gatorade. Pepsico's diversification and savvy management have helped it steadily grow profits, outperforming competitors like Coca-Cola in the process. In 2016, core constant currency earnings per share increased 9%, or 12% when the deconsolidation of Venezuela is factored in.  As a dividend payer, Pepsico has long been a solid bet: it's a Dividend Aristocrat, having raised its quarterly payout every year for 44 years in a row. The food and beverage company's recent dividend increases have been in the 7% range, a solid clip for a reliable dividend payer. The stock now offers a yield of 2.9%, and its status as a Dividend Aristocrat seems secure with a payout ratio of 69%. With 22 billion-dollar brands under its umbrella, Pepsico should continue to be a steady and reliable dividend stock.   Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Anheuser-Busch InBev NV and PepsiCo. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info May 27, 2017 at 1:07PM Consumer Goods Stocks Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $45.39 down $0.02 (-0.04%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $87.25 up $0.39 (0.45%) Philip Morris International NYSE:PM $119.83 up $0.35 (0.29%) Altria Group NYSE:MO $74.41 up $0.27 (0.36%) Anheuser-Busch InBev NV NYSE:BUD $118.49 up $0.13 (0.11%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $117.91 up $0.38 (0.32%) Read More 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Buying 5 Things You Need to Hear From Altria's Shareholder Meeting 4 Top Dividend Stocks in Tobacco 3 Dividend Stocks for Bright Investors Altria Falls Short on Falling Volume, Sluggish Sales Growth Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Top Dividend Stocks in Consumer Staples @themotleyfool #stocks $KO, $PG, $PM, $MO, $BUD, $PEP
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Brothers quit top posts in Brazilian meatpacker Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4uVC Copy SAO PAULO • JBS, the world's largest meatpacker, said that brothers Joesley and Wesley Batista - who own the Brazilian company and are ensnared in a corruption scandal that threatens to topple the country's President Michel Temer - have resigned from senior posts. Mr Joesley Batista, who unleashed a political crisis in Brazil last week with a plea bargain deal that accused Mr Temer of endorsing the bribing of a witness, resigned as chairman and will leave the board, effective immediately. He will be replaced by Mr Tarek Farahat, a former Procter & Gamble executive who is also a member of the JBS board. In last Friday's board meeting, the first since the crisis broke, JBS chief executive Wesley Batista also resigned from the vice-chairmanship of the board. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up He was replaced by his father, Mr Jose Batista Sobrinho, as vice-chairman, but will remain as chief executive and maintain a seat on the board. Reuters reported last Thursday that the Batista brothers were coming under intense pressure from minority shareholders and Brazil's development bank BNDES to step back from the company, according to sources. One of the sources said shareholders demanded that JBS should not foot the bill for any fine as minority shareholders were not responsible for any corruption-related crimes. One of the sources said shareholders demanded that JBS should not foot the bill for any fine as minority shareholders were not responsible for any corruption-related crimes. The Batistas have already agreed to a plea bargain with prosecutors. However, the family-holding company J&F Investimentos - the controlling shareholder of JBS - remains locked in negotiations over a potential leniency deal for JBS. J&F's proposal to pay a US$1.2 billion (S$1.66 billion) fine was rejected by the prosecutors' office last Wednesday. The brothers' testimony, released last week, unleashed a political crisis in Latin America's largest economy which is still worsening. It included allegations that they bribed hundreds of politicians. JBS added that Mr Farahat will create and chair a new corporate governance committee. REUTERS A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Sunday Times on May 28, 2017, with the headline 'Brothers quit top posts in Brazilian meatpacker'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  BRAZIL CORRUPTION More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4uVC Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content shangri-la_a126103_2017may22_300x200_native.jpg Rediscover the new Tower Wing at Shangri-La Hotel, Singapore lg_a125972_2017may15_300x200_td.jpg 5 reasons why the LG Signature OLED TV W is a game-changer Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Macron erupts on world stage with Trump snub, rapport with Canadian leader Fear of immigrants. Persecution of religious minorities. The life of 19th-century Boston Catholics. New study says American families are overwhelmed by clutter, rarely eat together, and are generally stressed out about it all Brian Johnson, Red Sox blank Mariners Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Coal country’s power plants are turning away from coal E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Luke Sharrett/New York Times/File 2014 Some of the power industry’s biggest customers have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help the companies meet it, utilities are changing their ways. By Diane Cardwell and Clifford Krauss New York Times  May 27, 2017 NEW YORK — Coal is on the defensive in the nation’s power industry. Even in coal country. The pressure to shift more of the country’s electric supply to renewable sources is not just a rallying cry for environmentalists. Some of the power industry’s biggest customers, such as General Motors and Microsoft, have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help them meet it — and keep them from taking their business elsewhere — utilities are changing their ways. Advertisement West Virginia, where coal is king, is no exception. Appalachian Power, the leading utility there, is quickly shifting toward natural gas and renewable sources such as wind and solar, even as President Trump calls for a coal renaissance. Appalachian Power still burns plenty of coal, but in recent years it has closed three coal-fired plants and converted two others to gas, reducing its dependence on coal to 61 percent last year, down from 74 percent in 2012. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Chris Beam, the company’s president, made the industry’s shifting dynamics clear in an encounter with Governor Jim Justice, a Democrat, at his inaugural ball in January. “’Look, I’d like to see you guys build another coal plant,’” he recalled the governor saying. “And our answer was: We’re not going to build another coal plant.” (The governor confirmed the account, but added in an e-mail, “I’ll continue to encourage power companies to burn more coal to put our miners back to work.”) It’s the same story in Virginia, where Dominion, a leading utility based in Richmond — near where commercial coal mining got its start — designed a special rate to make it easier for Amazon Web Services and similar customers to buy renewable energy. Advertisement In Kentucky, a chance meeting between a state regulator and a Facebook employee ultimately led the Public Service Commission to advise utilities that they could offer customers renewable energy packages, part of an effort to attract new business and hold on to automakers such as GM and Toyota. And in Wyoming, the nation’s leading coal producer by far, Black Hills Energy worked with Microsoft to create a complex arrangement for the technology giant to get enough wind energy to fulfill current and future needs at Microsoft’s data center in Cheyenne. “I’ve not spoken to a single utility that’s truly holding on to a future of more coal,” said Brian Janous, who directs energy strategy at Microsoft. “They’re looking to attract, as in the Appalachian case, new customers, and those customers aren’t attracted by coal.” Almost half the Fortune 500 companies have adopted at least one climate or clean-energy goal, with 23 of them pledging eventually to run their businesses on 100 percent renewable energy, including Walmart, Bank of America, and Google, according to a recent report by the World Wildlife Fund and other environmentally minded organizations and investors. Though corporations are buying renewable energy across the country, energy executives and analysts say it is notable that the trend is taking hold in states where coal production is part of the economic heart and soul. Coal executives say they are watching the effect of the renewable-power demands on the coal industry, but it is a matter of rising unease. “We’re concerned about it,” said Harry Childress, president of the Virginia Coal and Energy Alliance. “We see the pressure from these companies is pushing power producers more away from coal, which is a cheaper power.” Appalachian Power’s switch from coal was in part pushed as a result of a summit meeting that its parent company, American Electric Power, held at its headquarters last fall with corporate giants including Walmart, Facebook, Hilton, Procter & Gamble, and Marathon Petroleum. Those companies stressed that if they were going to expand their businesses in AEP regions, they would need access to low-carbon energy. American Electric Power organized a second meeting in Washington in May that included Amazon, Caesars Entertainment, DuPont, Marriott International, and Starbucks. With the goal of attracting big business to coal country, Beam is in the market to buy, lease, or build a fleet of wind and solar power farms across West Virginia and Virginia. The goal is to increase Appalachian Power’s renewable-energy fleet to 34 percent of its power capacity by 2031 from 17 percent today. An announcement for a new wind farm in southern West Virginia is expected within weeks, as discussions with big companies — which American Electric Power executives refused to identify — continue. “Specific customers are looking specifically for renewables and to what degree you are moving toward a new clean energy economy,” said Nicholas K. Akins, AEP’s chief executive. “Shareholders are more interested in sustainability going forward and improvements from a climate change perspective and carbon emissions perspective.” Akins said American Electric Power, which serves more than 5 million customers in 11 states, intended to respond to the demands of customers whatever policies were dictated in Washington. He added, “We are trying to make our company long-term sustainable regardless of administration.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide With Gianforte's win, two of Montana's three congressional reps have ties to Oracle Gianforte and Daines have been doing business together since 1999. Oracle employees contributed to campaigns for both of them. Montana is an agriculture-heavy state, but technology has outsized influence in Washington. Ari Levy | @levynews Friday, 26 May 2017 | 7:49 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES William Campbell | Corbis | Getty Images Republican Greg Gianforte campaigns for Montana's House of Representatives seat vacated by the appointment of Ryan Zinke to head the Department of Interior on April 22, 2017 in Bozeman, Montana. Senator Steve Daines from Montana predicted in early May that Republican Greg Gianforte would win the special election this week for the state's lone House seat by eight to 10 points. Gianforte won by six. This wasn't pure guesswork. In addition to representing Montana for the past five years -- first as a congressman and now as a senator -- Daines is quite familiar with Gianforte. They worked together for 12 years at a customer relationship management (CRM) software company called RightNow Technologies, which Oracle acquired in 2012 for $1.5 billion. Before that, the former tech executives partnered on a construction project to build RightNow's headquarters in Bozeman. Montana's economy is heavy in mining, transportation and agricultural products like beef, barley and hay. But in terms of the state's representation in Washington, the technology industry -- and one company in particular -- now has outsized influence. @DavidMDrucker I think Gianforte may do better than that. Would guess 8-10, but my political predictions of late were worse than my March Madness bracket!— Steve Daines (@SteveDaines) May 8, 2017 On Thursday, Gianforte defeated Democrat Rob Quist, a folk singer, in a special election to replace Ryan Zinke, who President Trump tapped as his secretary of the Department of the Interior. The contest hit national headlines Wednesday night, when an audio recording circulated of Gianforte at a campaign event bodyslamming a reporter from The Guardian who asked him a question on the health care bill. At his victory party the following night, Gianforte apologized to Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs and said, "I'm not proud of what happened." Gianforte, who narrowly lost a bid to become Montana's governor last year, and Daines account for two-thirds of the state's representatives in Congress. The other is Democratic Senator Jon Tester, who comes from a farming background. Gianforte earned a fortune from the sale of RightNow. He founded the company in 1997, and he and his wife owned close to a quarter of the business at the time of the acquisition. Daines was RightNow's vice president of the Asia-Pacific region. According to RightNow's 2010 annual report, the last before the acquisition, Gianforte and Daines owned a combined 75 percent of Genesis Partners, a real estate company that was the "landlord from whom we lease our principal offices in Bozeman." show chapters Oracle CEO on AT&T deal: Tremendous opportunity for collaboration    Thursday, 4 May 2017 | 11:17 AM ET | 03:49 RightNow competed with Oracle until they joined forces. Oracle has continued to support Daines in his political career, becoming one of his principal donors. Between employees and political action committees, Oracle contributed $40,365 to Daines in his two elections, more than he received from all but five companies, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. His biggest donor was investment firm Elliott Management. Procter & Gamble, another former employer, was third, followed by Koch Industries. Oracle employees contributed $3,200 to Gianforte, according to the Federal Election Commission. Gianforte, who's lived in Montana since 1995, is also the founder of the Bozeman Technology Incubator, which provides mentoring to the emerging tech and manufacturing businesses. The press offices for Daines and Gianforte didn't respond to requests for comment. Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PG --- ORCL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
