Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy Right Now Breaking down what makes AT&T, Procter & Gamble, and Crown Castle International three of the best dividend stocks. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) May 16, 2017 at 11:48AM Buying and holding high-quality dividend stocks has been proved, time and again, to be one of the most effective strategies to growing your nest egg. However, as with all companies, businesses that pay dividends come in all varying degrees of quality. But a growing body of academic literature shows that owning safe, high-quality stocks produces above-average risk-adjusted returns. With that in mind, let's look at three high-quality dividend stocks -- AT&T (NYSE:T), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), and Crown Castle International (NYSE:CCI). Company Name Recent Price Per Share Market Capitalization Dividend Yield AT&T $38.57 $236.8 billion 5% Procter & Gamble  $85.55 $221.3 billion 3.1% Crown Castle International  $95.36 $34.9 billion 3.8% Data source: Yahoo! Finance.  AT&T The highest-yielding dividend aristocrat -- the investing nickname for a company that has increased its annual dividends per share each year for more than 25 straight years -- telecom giant AT&T provides arguably the best mix of yield and dividend growth in corporate America. Its whopping 5% payout is 2.5 times greater than the 1.9% yield from the S&P 500, and the company is poised to continue to grow its prodigious payout in the years to come. As a quick point of semantics, AT&T's current payout ratio might seem alarmingly high at 95%. However, it's important to remember that the telecom business generates significantly more cash flow than GAAP earnings --  AT&T's cash from operations is $40.6 billion, towering over its net income of $12.6 billion -- so AT&T is still in a perfectly sustainable situation from which it can further grow its payouts. Part of AT&T's ability to do so lies in its pending acquisition of Time Warner (NYSE:TWX). The deal should help AT&T, alongside Comcast, to lead the transition to broadcasting cable services directly to mobile devices through wireless networks. Better still, AT&T and Comcast should enjoy a considerable first-mover advantage against telecom and cable distributors alike in bringing about this shift. The deal should also help AT&T increase its average revenue per user, a common industry stat, while possibly positioning the dividend titan to bring many new customers under its fold as well. Image source: Getty Images Procter & Gamble The past several years have been challenging for consumer-goods leader Procter & Gamble, which has seen its shares trail the market over the past one, three, and five years -- before including the effect of dividends. However, it's as a dividend stock that P&G truly shines. The company remains one of the most vaunted dividend-growth stocks in corporate America, having increased its annual payouts for 60 years in a row.  P&G controls 22 brands that generate over $1 billion in annual sales and an additional 19 brands that produce $500 million or more. Given this brand consciousness and clout with retailers, pricing power isn't the issue facing the company. Rather, the company has been plagued by sluggish top-line growth; its five-year average annual revenue growth comes in at negative 4.2%.  Looking to the future, its multi-year cost-cutting initiatives appear poised to finally bear fruit; the company pledged to shed $10 billion in costs and sell off around half of its brand portfolio to double down on its most productive products. Analysts see EPS growth returning this year and sales growth reigniting next year.  As a mature company, P&G isn't going to produce consistent sales and earnings growth; rough patches will occur from time to time. It should be noted that P&G's current 74% payout ratio doesn't give the company a ton of wiggle room to raise payouts without growing its profits. Unlike AT&T, Procter & Gamble's cash flows from operations are not several times higher than its reported profits. However, its favorable economics, 3.1% current yield, and track record of dividend increases still make it one of the safer dividend stocks on the market today. Crown Castle International Lastly, cell-tower and fiber infrastructure REIT Crown Castle International enjoys some of the most favorable income-producing characteristics anywhere. The beauty of the company's business model lies in its low marginal cost structure, which is just a fancy way of saying that new customers that use its communications infrastructure cost the business nearly nothing and, thus, are almost entirely pure profit for the company.  Crown Castle International should see continued demand for its services as demand for wireless network capacity surges in the years to come (see AT&T as just one example). Beyond the demands that wireless cable should create, new entrants, especially tech companies, clearly harbor ambitions to disrupt the telecom industry. Better still, its favorable economics make it strong bet to experience considerable dividend growth in the coming years. Since it converted into a REIT in 2014 -- a legal status that requires it to pay out at least 90% of earnings through dividends -- Crown Castle International has grown its quarterly per-share payouts from $0.35 to $0.95. With a 3.8% dividend yield today, Crown Castle is a compelling income investment for those seeking safe, steady dividend appreciation. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Crown Castle International. The Motley Fool recommends Time Warner. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info May 16, 2017 at 11:48AM Technology and Telecom Stocks AT&T NYSE:T $38.19 down $0.40 (-1.04%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $86.24 down $0.09 (-0.10%) Time Warner NYSE:TWX $97.87 down $0.66 (-0.67%) Crown Castle International NYSE:CCI $95.93 up $0.20 (0.21%) Read More 5 Signs T-Mobile's Best Days Are Ahead These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends Better Buy: AT&T Inc. vs. CenturyLink Inc. Why Straight Path Communications Inc. Stock Plunged 20% Today Why Did AT&T Inc. Shares Climb 23% in 2016? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy Right Now @themotleyfool #stocks $T, $PG, $TWX, $CCI
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nativis Appoints Dr. Donna Morgan Murray as Chief Regulatory Officer SEATTLE–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Nativis Inc., a clinical stage, bio-electronic life science company developing non-invasive, safe and highly effective treatments for cancers and other serious diseases, announced the appointment of Dr. Donna Morgan Murray as Chief Regulatory Officer, effective immediately. Murray is a seasoned healthcare professional, author of more than 60 publications in peer-referenced journals, and has served on the board of non-profits and other organizations. Most recently the Head of Global Quality & Regulatory Compliance at Bristol-Meyers Squibb, Murray has held that role since 2014. Prior to that, she was the President of ZymoGenetics Inc., a biotechnology company that discovers, develops, and manufactures protein therapeutics at Bristol-Meyers Squibb. Over the past 20 years, Murray has led and directed regulatory strategy and operations for Bristol-Myers Squibb, CuraGen Corporation, and Procter & Gamble Pharmaceuticals. Murray began her professional career in 1984 as a staff scientist in the Anti-Infective Research Department with Norwich Eaton Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Procter & Gamble Company. Murray holds a PhD in Immunology from The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, where she conducted research in infectious disease & clinical microbiology. Outside of her professional work, she serves as an officer and member of the board of K9 Crime Stoppers Inc. and was the Chief Operating Officer for Independence Guide Dogs. “We are very excited to welcome Dr. Donna Morgan Murray as Chief Regulatory Officer to Nativis,” stated Chris Rivera, Chief Executive Officer of Nativis. “Dr. Murray’s extensive professional accomplishments and medical background will provide Nativis with a broad range of experience in worldwide regulatory policy, feasibility and strategy. As we develop our technology for the treatment of cancer and other serious diseases, it is critical to consider the regulatory pathway for the Voyager system and develop a comprehensive strategy that will bring us towards regulatory approval.” Murray added, “I am very pleased to join Nativis as the Chief Regulatory Officer and look forward to applying my experience in the biopharmaceutical industry toward developing a strong regulatory strategy for the Company’s ulRFE™ technology. I look forward to working to ensure that Nativis is well prepared to meet regulatory requirements and milestones for its unique technology platform and to streamline the regulatory process and help rapidly move forward with the Voyager system.” About Nativis, Inc. Founded in 2002 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Nativis is a clinical-stage bio-electronics company. Nativis has invented and patented a groundbreaking technology that utilizes precisely targeted, ultra-low radio frequency energy (ulRFE) to specifically regulate metabolic pathways on the molecular and genetic levels – without chemicals, radiation or drugs – delivered via a simple-to-use non-invasive device called Nativis Voyager®. The company’s goal is to transform disease treatment on a global scale with ulRFE that can potentially be applied to a wide range of conditions and other health-related needs (including agriculture, bio-fuels and veterinary medicine, to name a few). Nativis’ initial focus is on the treatment of patients with brain cancer (initially, recurrent glioblastoma), who are not well served by conventional standard of care therapies, which often result in poor outcomes and devastating side effects. Additional pre-clinical work is being completed for melanoma, lung cancer, liver cancer, inflammatory disease and chronic pain. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Coriant Announces Homayoun Razavi as Head of Global Sales and Marketing Next PostNext NantKwest Appoints Dr. Leonard Sender as Senior Vice President of Medical Affairs for Pediatric, Adolescent and Young Adult Oncology Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aramark (ARMK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Dane A. Drobny Sells 47,753 Shares of Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1.52 Million Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Stake in Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) TiVo Corp (TIVO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $5.784 Million Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Pool Co. (POOL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $211,000 Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) PVH Corp (PVH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Zacks: Analysts Expect First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $19.45 Million Peoples Utah Bancorp (PUB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Vicon Industries, Inc. (VII) Releases Earnings Results Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. lowered its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 1.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,303,864 shares of the company’s stock after selling 40,234 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co comprises about 1.0% of Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 16th largest position. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $206,993,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $8,515,000. Empirical Finance LLC bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $101,000. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $149,000. Finally, Riverpoint Wealth Management Holdings LLC bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $211,000. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 86.33 on Tuesday. The company has a market capitalization of $220.80 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.87 and a beta of 0.64. The company’s 50 day moving average is $88.74 and its 200 day moving average is $87.16. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $79.41 and a 12-month high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.86 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st were given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.20%. This is a boost from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is 48.73%. WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Sold by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc.” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/procter-gamble-co-pg-shares-sold-by-chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc.html. A number of research analysts recently commented on the stock. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $92.23. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total transaction of $5,126,855.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 23,512 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $90.63, for a total transaction of $2,130,892.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 202,936 shares of company stock valued at $18,498,659. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Market Report:2017-2022 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Report (Status and Outlook) Email for report at : fiona@marketresearchreportstore.com Market Research Report Store(MRRS) adds „2017-2022 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Report (Status and Outlook)” latest studies, published in May 2017. It is a professional and in-depth study. Scope of the Report: The Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022 in India, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. In India market, the top players include many company. With key sales data like sales (volume), revenue, market share for top players.such as Procter & Gamble L’Oreal Unilever Taisho Henkel Merck Shiseido Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Rohto Lifes2Good Gerolymatos International Toppik Nanogen Oxford BioLabs Ltd. Ultrax Labs Avalon Natural Products Bayer Pharma Medico Kirkland Signature Phyto Ales Group Amplixin Kerafiber Phyto Keranique DS Healthcare Group Kaminomoto Softto Bawang Zhang Guang Hairmax Split by product types/category, covering many types. with sales, revenue and market share for each type, such as Hair Loss and Growth Devices Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product Split by applications/end use industries, covers many application. This report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products in each application.suach as Homecare Hair Loss Treatment Clinic Other Email for report at : fiona@marketresearchreportstore.com Some parts from Contents 1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products 1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Segment by Types 1.2.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Present Situation and Outlook by Types (2012-2022) 1.2.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Market Share by Types in 2016 1.2.3 Hair Loss and Growth Devices 1.2.4 Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product 1.3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Segment by Applications/End Use Industries 1.3.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Present Situation and Outlook by Applications/End Industrials (2012-2022) 1.3.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales Market Share by Types in 2016 1.3.3 Homecare 1.3.4 Hair Loss Treatment Clinic Other 1.4 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Overview and Market Size (Value) (2012-2022) 1.4.1 India Market Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Overview 1.4.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Size (Value and Volume) Status and Forecast (2012-2022) 2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Vendors/Manufacturers 2.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Market Share (2012-2017) by Vendors/Manufacturers 2.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Revenue and Market Share by Vendors (2012-2017) 2.3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Average Price by Vendors in 2016 2.4 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types by Vendors 2.5 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Vendors 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Type and Application (2012-2017) 3.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Market Share and Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.1.1 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.1.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.1.3 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.2 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 3.3 India Market Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue (Million USD), Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 India Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Vendors/Manufacturers Profiles and Sales Data 4.1 Procter & Gamble 4.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.1.2.1 Category One 4.1.2.2 Category Two 4.1.3 Procter & Gamble Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.1.5 Procter & Gamble News 4.2 L’Oreal 4.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.2.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Product Types, Application and Specification 4.2.2.1 Category One 4.2.2.2 Category Two 4.2.3 L’Oreal Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 4.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.2.5 L’Oreal News 4.3 Unilever … About Market Research Report Store Since the establishment, Market Research Report Store has determined to take the online market research reports platform to the next level. With our passion and profession, we are designed to be the best among the bests. Market Research Report Store is one of the most fast-growing and professional online platforms for industry reports, market reports, and professional surveys. Our collection covers more than 100 global markets. We have cooperated with leading publishers and consultant companies to offer the best market intelligence products to our clients with instant access to our database. Contact : Fiona Sales Director Tel: +00-1-626-3463946 – U.S E-mail: fiona@marketresearchreportstore.com Web:www.marketresearchreportstore.com/ Our Corporate Headquarters Address: MARKET RESEARCH REPORT STORE, INC. 17890 Castleton Street Suite 218 City of Industry CA 91748 U.S. This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global And China Filling and Capping Machines Industry 2017 Market Research Report Next PostNext Is this the future of inflight service? Search Recent Posts Foretec Pte. Ltd. Announces 1 New Job Opening for Employees with Experience in Migration to Canada Industry Foretec Pte. Ltd. Announces 1 New Job Opening for Employees with Experience in Migration to Canada Industry Foretec Pte. Ltd. Announces 1 New Job Opening for Employees with Mobile Application Development Experience Reda Bedjaoui, International Investment Professional Presents Knowledge at NAAIM Uncommon Knowledge Conference Meggitt Training Systems lance une démonstration de produits de trois mois destinée aux forces de l’OTAN basées en Italie Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Advertising LATEST NEWS Chinese state media says US should take some blame for cyber attack Can women be given option of saying no to triple talaq: Supreme Court to AIMPLB IAS officer found dead in Lucknow WB civic polls: TMC ahead in plains, GJM in hills Karnataka seeks regulatory approvals for second runway project at Kempegowda International Airport Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinanceInsure Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportRoadwaysTechTelecomMiscellaneousDefenceEquipment & Ordnancemobility & weaponsSportsCSRInitiativesPolicyEnvironment AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel ET Home›Industry›Services›Advertising 12:18 PM | 17 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,572-10.83 NIFTY 50 9,501-10.90 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,246152.00 USD/INR 64.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Advertisements for products being reworked after ASCI puts onus of benefit-based claims on celebs By Ratna Bhushan , ET Bureau | Updated: May 17, 2017, 01.16 AM IST Post a Comment Bollywood Actor Deepika Padukone at the L'Oreal Paris Cannes Collection 2017 launch in Mumbai Company Summary NSE BSE HUL Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You NEW DELHI: Remember a svelte Deepika Padukone preparing for the wedding season with Kellogg’s Special K Cereal with a challenge of weight loss in two weeks? Those advertisements are off air now but the same brand ambassador is back with a different message — the morning meal is important and Kellogg’s Special K Protein & Fibre offers a power breakfast. The new commercial claims to help those “who want to kickstart their weight management journey”, but there are no unrealistic time-bound promises. It’s no surprise, after the Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) announced stringent guidelines on April 13, placing the onus of benefit-based claims squarely on celebrities endorsing the brand. The guidelines say all endorsements or representation of opinions must reflect genuine, reasonably current opinions of individuals and that representations must be based on adequate information or experience with the product or service being advertised. “We are compliant with ASCI guidelines on leveraging celebrities for our product endorsements. We have continued our association with Deepika Padukone for our new variant. In the ad, Deepika emphasises the importance of eating a balanced, nutritious breakfast and not eating less in one’s journey to stay fit,” said Sangeeta Pendurkar, managing director, Kellogg’s. ASCI guidelines say stars have a “huge responsibility” to ensure that the products they endorse are true to their claims. “Celebrities should not participate in any ad of a product or treatment or remedy that is prohibited for advertising under the Drugs & Magic Remedies Act.” The guidelines have led to a flurry of such corrective action among brands across categories. A few days ago, a multinational cosmetics giant had to furnish detailed research reports of one of its haircare brands for a top celebrity. Also, it is learnt that advertisements for fairness creams, face spots removal and anti-dandruff shampoo by the likes of Hindustan Unilever (HUL), Procter & Gamble (P&G) and Emami are being reworked or tweaked. A spokesperson for HUL, maker of Clinic Plus and Fair & Lovely, said, “We fully support ASCI guidelines issued recently on celebrity advertising. As a responsible marketer, we have always complied with ASCI guidelines and will continue to do so.” Cincinnati-based Procter & Gamble’s India arm said its celebrities “like and use” its products. “Our advertising is fully compliant with ASCI standards,” said a spokesperson. A-listers who have or are endorsing P&G include Kareena Kapoor, Saif Ali Khan and Ranveer Singh for Head & Shoulders and Kajol for Olay Total Effects. Priyanka Chopra, global brand ambassador for Pantene, claims the shampoo gives you thicker and stronger hair in 14 days. The consumer affairs ministry intends to review the Consumer Protection Act and is expected to include a provision to deal with misleading ads featuring celebrities, though there are some mixed reactions already. Vinita Bangard, founder of talent management firm Krossover Entertainment, said, “The celebrity can only rely on research and data provided by the brand. The ultimate responsibility of claims made rests with the brand. But yes, there are a lot more questions being asked by celebs now when contracts are being signed.” Krossover works with Chopra and Shah Rukh Khan, among others. Anirban Das, managing director, Kwan Entertainment, said, “The fine print in contracts is being dealt with much more closely. The celebrity is dependent on information and research provided by the brand, but it is the brand owners who have to be responsible for what they claim when it comes to legal or compliance issues.” Kwan represents Ranbir Kapoor and Padukone. ASCI guidelines mention that it is the duty of the advertiser and agency to ensure the celebrity they wish to engage is made aware of claims and benefits being promised. “What you say, you have to deliver. That is certainly being followed much more closely now, whether it’s cosmetic claims for skin or hair, weight loss challenges or even safety promises made by automobile companies,” said Afsar Zaidi, managing director, Exceed Entertainment, which works with Hrithik Roshan, Saif Ali Khan and Sonakshi Sinha. ASCI includes doctors, authors, activists and educationists in its ambit. For instance, GSK Consumer’s Sensodyne toothpaste has always been endorsed by ‘dentists. Comments(0)Add Comments Advertisements for products being reworked after ASCI puts onus of benefit-based claims on celebs To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Advertising Standards Council of India issues guidelines on celebrity advertising Times Square: An advertiser's Mecca 'EVEolution' of women in Indian advertising In India, television still remains an important medium for advertisers Airtel advertisement misleading, differentiating customers: Reliance Jio READ MORE ONHULguidelinesConsumer Protection ActASCIadvertisements Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Tasty Deep Samosas! Khao toh jaano! Deep Foods Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell DevelopersMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath A new C-suite to draw up a compliance road map From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors CRITICSUNION 12 astonishing amazing parks you can visit in USA Viral Vacation Ideas Terra Alegria Villas in Whitefield, Bangalore m1 Homes Onions get cheaper with rise in minimum export price Acer aims 12.5% share in Indian PC market this year French cabinet announcement delayed to Wednesday: Presidency Top stocks in focus on Wednesday, 17 May 2017 Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented How 'outdated' Indian ATMs successfully beat back the global ransomware attack Times Now files criminal case for stealing against Arnab Goswami of Republic TV Sale season might be over, but aggressive Amazon not done with discounts yet India ranked second in renewable energy attractiveness index SBI hiring retired employees to push home loans More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBengal Civic Poll Results|RERA Amazon Sale|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Leadership Search Search UnitedHealthJustice Department Sues UnitedHealth Again Over $1 Billion in Alleged False Claims Social MediaThe 5 Social Media Habits That Turn Off Recruiters the Most Donald TrumpReporters Committee for Freedom of the Press: ‘No President Gets to Jail Journalists’ Entrepreneurs6 Ways to Stop From Nodding Off at Work Commentary raceAhead Best Companies for Multicultural Women Ellen McGirt May 16, 2017 Working Mother has just released their 2017 Best Companies for Multicultural Women. In the top 5, as we’ve come to expect, are Accenture, Deloitte, IBM, KPMG and Procter & Gamble. Over the last 15 years, the list has grown from three qualifying companies to 25; IBM and American Express have earned a spot on the list every year. Dig into the executive summary here, but I wanted to flag the three things that all the CEOs of the Best Companies do to make sure multicultural and women of color are succeeding. They get involved and make diversity a visible priority: They all provide an annual update on diversity to the board of directors; They all require a dedicated diversity executive to update them on diversity metrics; They all meet regularly with a diversity executive to review goals and performance; That kind of support from the top gives the rest of the company a chance to get creative. Lindsay-Rae McIntyre, IBM’s Chief Diversity Officer shared some advice with raceAhead on how to make that trickle-down work for you: “Creating an inclusive workforce requires a management that role-models and engages with employees on an ongoing basis. Start co-creating with employees on a solution that meets their needs, and start small and iterate. Also, there is no one single solution -- your approach should be as diverse as your workforce.” Along with the list this year, the Working Mother Institute has published a new report that focuses on how white men are instrumental to the success of women of color in the workplace. It's a fascinating read. The Status of Men as Allies for Multicultural Women surveyed 1,181 full-time employed multicultural women and 540 men, who concluded that a male-dominated culture is the number one factor holding multi-cultural women back from advancement. Almost half of the women said they could use more support from men in leadership roles. Candid conversations would go a long way to bridging the gap: Only 39% of multicultural women say their companies actively encourage dialogue on gender issues and 35% say their companies encourage it on racial issues. Only 34% of multicultural women surveyed believe coworkers consider their talent and/or ability before their gender or race, versus 69% of men. I asked Subha V. Barry, senior vice president and managing director of Working Mother Media, what she considered to be the best ways to get “over-represented” people to do the work without making them feel like they're part of the problem. She started with the business case. “By 2050, women of color will make up 53% of the U.S. female population. To prepare for that shift, U.S. companies need to get better at identifying, developing and promoting talented multicultural women into leadership positions,” she told raceAhead via e-mail. Then, she got real. “Not to generalize, but if the over-represented populations are oblivious to their privilege and behave in ways that do not make space for the under-represented groups, they ARE a part of the problem,” she said. “The key is to educate without guilt. Share data and information that shows them that when they change how they behave, it can dramatically move the needle. Make them a part of the solution and do it in a way that creates win-wins.” Talk it out, people, and go get with the co-creating. When you get a chance, let me know what's working in the work. On Point Forty percent of the Fortune 500 were founded by immigrants or children of immigrants So what does that tell you about U.S. competitiveness? Mohamad Ali, currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Carbonite, has written a persuasive essay that links innovation to the grit it takes to re-establish oneself in another country. “Assembled under a set of consistent rules called the Constitution, we compete fiercely and win on a global scale. This is the kind of diverse team that CEOs covet and that builds great businesses.” He goes on to talk about his earlier jobs at IBM and Meg Whitman’s HP, at a time when both were on the brink of permanent decline. “Each had become proud, complacent, and insular. New ideas and new blood were unwelcome.” The answer was a diverse mix of new people with new ideas. He ends with some observations for the current administration. The business havoc of an immigrant ban is one thing. “The imminent threat to innovation and progress is another,” he says.  HBR Women: What to do if you’re interrupted at work There’s good advice here for women who want to be prepared to face the bias that is often present in the workplace. Start by calling it out, says Aubrey Blanche, global head of diversity and inclusion at Atlassian. “When starting the conversation [about salary negotiation] set the stage by naming the biases that might affect the discussion,” she says, such as the research that shows that when women advocate for themselves, they’re perceived as less likable. “[T]his can help offset a stereotype-driven bias before it happens,” she says. And if you’re interrupted in a meeting, don’t stop talking. “James, I’d love to quickly finish this point,” is an easy way to keep moving. And allies, if you see someone else getting railroaded in a meeting, you can do the same thing on their behalf, regardless of their gender or hue. Fortune Making it hard for voters with disabilities to be counted The state in question is New Hampshire, but it’s worth thinking about in every district. A new ACLU lawsuit is alleging widespread discrimination in The Granite State. At issue is a rule that requires signatures on absentee ballots to match those on the application form for the ballot. If the signatures don’t match, the votes are tossed without any notification, voiding the votes of hundreds of disabled people who need help filling out their forms. "We're not necessarily saying that you can never use a signature for anything," says the ACLU.  But without notification or remedy, it should not be "the final determinant over whether someone has the fundamental right to vote." Pacific Standard More CEOs are getting forced out on ethics violation The analysis comes from a larger CEO succession study from Strategy&, PwC’s strategy consultancy, and is worth your time. “There were only 18 such cases at the world’s 2,500 largest public companies in 2016,” the report finds. “But firings for ethical lapses have been rising as a percentage of all CEO successions.” Ethical lapses are defined as scandal or improper conduct that can include fraud, bribery, insider trading, environmental disasters, inflated resumes, and sexual indiscretions. Part of the reason may be good news: It appears that boards, investors, and the media are holding senior leaders to higher standards. The survey is global, but here’s the number for North America and Western Europe: “In our sample of successions at the largest companies there (those in the top quartile by market capitalization globally), dismissals for ethical lapses rose from 4.6 percent of all successions in 2007–11 to 7.8 percent in 2012–16, a 68 percent increase.” Strategy+Business Valerie Jarrett joins ATTN: as a senior advisor We absolutely know she gives good advice. Valerie Jarrett, the former Senior Advisor to President Obama has just joined ATTN:, the issues-driven media company that aims to be your main source for news, policy, power and culture on your mobile device. She says it’s a continuation of her policy work at the White House. “We're often told that these challenging subjects are too boring or dense for general audiences, and frequently they receive scant press coverage unless there’s a political flashpoint,” she says, taking a shot at Beltway media. “But ATTN: has countered skeptics by communicating about them through compelling, substantive material that reaches hundreds of millions of people every month.” ATTN The Woke Leader What’s next for journalism? Every year, Harvard’s journalism-focused Nieman Lab asks industry experts for their best predictions for the year ahead for journalism. Click through for the entire list, but start with Sydette Harry, the community lead for The Coral Project, an initiative designed to help journalists better serve their communities. Harry succinctly defines the problem: Major media is both insular and condescending, and essential journalism jobs are disappearing along with flimsy business models. “Public trust in the media continues to plummet, and it’s not hard to see why.” Now, as some formerly marginalized voices rise above the fray, a solution presents itself. “New faces and perspectives are completely reshaping where we go for news and what it is,” she says. “This is the year that journalism stops crafting the history the profession wants, and deals with the history the profession has,” she says. “Journalism needs to face itself, before history does.” Nieman Lab How discipline-focused video libraries are changing education The success of Khan Academy, the wonderful open-access education platform, has inspired similar initiatives focused narrowly on specific fields. MEDSKL is one of the latest, and it aims to provide comprehensive medical content for the classroom, while giving students a way to interact with material that better matches their new media habits. Click through for a lively interview with MEDSKL creator Dr. Sanjay Sharma, a clinical epidemiologist, professor and research director. The platform now has content contributed by 200 medical faculty members at more than 70 universities worldwide. “Our goal was to create digital content that appeals to various learning styles—text-based, auditory, and visual,” he says, and lectures last no more than 18 minutes. MEDSKL supplements in-school learning, but is becoming an essential tool for “flipped” classrooms and for exam prep. According to EdSurge, a publication on education and tech, “discipline-focused” video libraries are a new but important trend in education. EdSurge Reversing the Great Migration, one life at a time Minda Honey had been living in Southern California since 2008, doing the things that young starving artists do to find their place in the world. But did her life matter? When she finally completed her education in creative writing, she decided it was time to go home to Kentucky. “Trips home surrounded by friends and family who’d known me for decades reoriented me in space and time,” she says. “When I was with them, I didn’t have to try so hard to belong.” She became part of a great remigration; a return to a familiar place in what she hoped would also be a new South. It's been bittersweet. “Of all the things the South is—the bigotry, the poverty, the stifling Christianity—it is also warm and welcoming, a truth I struggled to remember after Donald J. Trump was announced the next president of the United States.” Her life, now affirming and affordable, is uncertain in a new way. “Personal accomplishments felt trivial; political challenges felt insurmountable,” she writes. On She Goes Quote As re-enslavement became the new normal in the Jim Crow South, what could they do? The only thing that they could do was to defect, was to seek political asylum within the borders of their own country. And six million people did just that. Now that we can look at it with the benefit of time, we can now see this was a leaderless freedom movement, a declaration of independence, and a seeking of recognition of their citizenship within their own country. And they traveled in these beautifully predictable routes, three of them, that brought them to the East Coast, the Midwest and to California and Seattle. —Isabel Wilkerson Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Flower festival canceled over GMO fears The Korea Herald > Business > Industry P&G attributes success to empowered employees   Published : 2017-05-16 14:34 Updated : 2017-05-16 17:51 Celebrating 180 years of success, global household brand Proctor & Gamble emphasized its commitment to raising leaders within the company. P&G’s talent management system is recognized by human resource experts in the headhunting market, as former P&G employees and executives excel in various work areas across industries. Former GE CEO Jack Welch worked for P&G before joining GE. In Korea, several heads of global firms, such as Homeplus, Danone and Hermes, started their careers at P&G. The key to personnel management is early empowerment, the company explained. A P&G staff member chats with participants of the P&G CEO Challenge program in Novermber 2016. (P&G) “The P&G system empowers employees in their early stages, because the company trusts them 100 percent about their capabilities,” said a company spokesperson based in Seoul. All levels of employees, even interns and fresh entrants, are granted full authority and responsibility for their tasks, working as project leaders. Unlike many other multinational businesses that prefer hiring experienced talent, P&G recruits entry-level employees in order to nurture them into leaders of P&G through various training programs that educate staff on the company’s corporate culture and opportunities to grow as its future leaders. P&G also provides its staff with opportunities to work globally regardless of their age or position. About 30 percent of P&G Korea staff members have work experience at overseas P&G offices in countries including Singapore and Japan. As part of investment in future talent, the company runs P&G CEO Challenge, a business training program for university graduates in Korea. The program enables students to set and simulate business strategies, giving them an idea of what it would be like to execute a company project. Outstanding participants from the event in Korea are given the chance to compete with their counterparts in other Asian countries every year. P&G was founded in 1837 in Cincinnati, US, upon a merger between a British candle manufacturer run by William Procter and an Irish soap maker run by James Gamble. It currently produces a total of 65 household product brands in about 180 countries. Famous P&G brands include Gillette, Downy, Febreze, Oral B, Pampers, Whisper, Pantene and Head & Shoulders. “The company makes ceaseless efforts to raise outstanding talent based on the belief that employees are our No. 1 asset,” the spokesperson said. “To make consumers satisfied, we should first satisfy our employees.” As a family-friendly business certified by the Ministry of Gender, Equality and Family in 2012, P&G Korea also helps its employees seek a balance between work and life by allowing flexible work hours and letting staff work from home once a week. By Song Su-hyun (song@heraldcorp.com)  영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Flower festival canceled ove... 2. Export, import prices surge... 3. Korean med professors arrest... 4. Hyundai Heavy, Samsung win p... 5. Returning CJ chief vows W36... 6. Samsung to expand Tizen ecos... 7. GS Group holds 8th GS Value ... 8. Free air purifiers for the m... 9. Bone found on seabed confirm... 10. Park Geun-hye expected to ta... 1. Moon, Trump to hold first su... 2. Park decorated living room o... 3. 30,000 shoes form ‘tree’ o... 4. North Korea behind ransomwar... 5. THAAD radar detected N. Kore... 6. US would talk to N. Korea if... 7. Photos of South Korean Presi... 8. Hyundai targets commercializ... 9. Demand for dual camera on ph... 10. T-shirts describing Moon as ... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Gold, silver inch higher in morning trade; should you buy? Nasdaq launches machine intelligence-enhanced data service NYSE wins regulatory approval for 'speed bump' exchange IT job losses minimal, won’t affect Bengaluru realty business: JC Sharma, VC & MD, Sobha Developers Tata Steel rises 5% on narrowing of Q4 losses Dollar pressured by US political turmoil, strong eurozone data Berkshire drops 21st Century Fox stake World's rich confident they can scale wall of global risk: Survey Breaking up banks: Trump is all noise Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 11:02 AM | 17 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,61632.91 NIFTY 50 9,5130.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,225131.00 USD/INR 64.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Shower of good news sends bulls charging on Dalal St By ET Bureau | Updated: May 17, 2017, 12.25 AM IST Post a Comment Company Summary NSE BSE Airtel Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES MUMBAI: The Nifty and the Sensex continued their march to lifetime highs as market sentiment was lifted by the governmentrun pension fund’s likely decision to increase investments in stocks. Buoyant trade data and the monsoon’s expected arrival at the end of the month on the country’s southernmost tip also boosted stocks. The Nifty ended above 9,500 for the first time while the Sensex rose 260 points to close at a life high of 30,582.60. The Nifty has gained 32% in the past three years and is the best-performing index after China, the US, Germany and Japan. So far this year, however, the Nifty is the best-performing emerging market index with 16.2% gains compared with the Hang Seng’s 15.16% and Bovespa’s (Brazil) 13.69%. About 80 stocks on the BSE, including Hindustan Unilever, P&G, Maruti Suzuki, TVS Motor and UltraTech Cement, hit life highs on Tuesday. Shares of HUL, India’s biggest consumer goods company, crossed Rs 1,000 for the first time after its stock was split in the year 2000. It ended at Rs 998, up 1.6%. Maruti Suzuki gained 2.05% to Rs 6,953. There was a raft of positive news. Met department officials said on Tuesday that the monsoon would arrive in Kerala on May 30, two days before the scheduled date. Also, reports emerged that the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation may consider increasing its investment in exchange-traded funds to 15% of its corpus from about 10% last year. Labour minister Bandaru Dattatreya said EPFO’s Central Board of Trustees will consider the move on May 27. “The increased buying interest seems to be stemming from better-than-expected result season and predictions of normal monsoon while the uncertainties on global landscape have also been receding,” said Kunj Bansal, CIO, Centrum Wealth Management. “The sector rotation play continues with bellwether stocks from the consumer pack, which would benefit from this recovery, giving leadership to the market.” The BSE FMCG index gained almost a per cent while stocks related to agri products also rallied. Shares of Avanti Feeds surged 13% to Rs 1,210. Telecom stocks also advanced, with the BSE Telecom index rising over 2% as Bharti Airtel, Bharti Infratel and Idea Cellular gained 2-3%. Adani Power rose as much as 11% after the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) granted full compensation to the company for the rise in cost of production at its power plant in Mundra, Gujarat. Foreign institutions bought equities for the fifth straight day. On Tuesday, they invested Rs 860 crore while domestic institutions sold stocks worth Rs 402 crore, according to provisional BSE numbers. FIIs have boughtRs 45,600 crore of stocks so far this year while domestic institutions have shopped for shares worthRs 23,000 crore. India’s merchandise exports grew in double digits in dollar terms for the third consecutive month in April. Data released by the government on Monday showed that exports grew 19.77% in April to $24.63 billion while imports rose 49.07% to $37.88 billion, leaving a trade gap of $13.24 billion. Fund managers are positive on the near-term market outlook. “A worry on monsoon has been addressed and oil prices have again had a weakening bias, and that helps,” said Prateek Agarwal, CIO, ASK Investment Managers. “Overall, we should be positive on the mid-term outlook with growth picking up and interest rates continuing to remain soft.” Though valuations are on the higher side, macros are better now than two or three years ago, said fund managers. “Clearly, markets have reached new highs and the valuations have moved up, but there is macroeconomic stability,” said Karthikraj Lakshmanan, fund manager, BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. “Macros look really good and corporate earnings growth is improving or growing in FY17. Demonetisation has had some temporary impact but FY18 looks good.” Many Asian markets climbed to two-year highs on Tuesday on the back of an overnight rise in Wall Street. Gold rose for the fourth day as the dollar eased on signs of slower economic activity in the US, which dented expectations of aggressive rate hikes by the Federal Reserve. Oil prices, too, surged, extending gains after a joint announcement by top producers Saudi Arabia and Russia to push for an extension of supply cuts until the end of March 2018. Comments(0)Add Comments Shower of good news sends bulls charging on Dalal St To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Beyond the dazzle of Dalal Street Dalal Street rally cheers PEs looking to exit Institutional investors fund bull party on Dalal Street US strikes in Syria spook Dalal Street ETMarkets Evening Podcast: Is sky the limit now for Dalal Street? READ MORE ONstocksSaudi Arabiamutual fundFIISdemonetisationDalal StreetAirtel Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance PNC How Do You Enable Better Learning Outcomes? MicrosoftMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Mahindra Finance April-June net at Rs 107 crore From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Top 15 Cleanest Beaches in Florida Viral Vacation Ideas Profit from Commercial RE investment - low risk high return Property Share Help save 3-year-old Mervin from Brain Cancer Milaap Sumanyu will not survive without treatment! Milaap Indus OS raises funds from JSW Ventures, VenturEast Maternity bill makes startups hire men over women: Survey White House looks to bounce back after health care loss Visit to WH grounds by intel chairman clouds investigation Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Just 29, this Kanpur-based trader is making a killing on D-St; and how! Forced mergers, sacking on cards as RBI gets tough with misfiring big banks Good job in 3 years! Yet Modi’s report card has four big blots Sensex above 30K is like a house of cards! SIP support can crumble suddenly Believe it or not! Made-in-India rally almost shrugs off FII clout More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBengal Civic Poll Results|RERA Amazon Sale|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYThe Excitement of Disrupt NY Continues Today Pick Up Tickets Here Disrupt NY 2017 May 15 - 17, 2017 | Pier 36, New York, NY Coverage Video Agenda Speakers Battlefield Sponsored: BMW Hot Lap Pitch Disrupt NY 2017 Cadre and Point are betting that the best way to win in real estate is to disrupt the market FCC commissioner: ‘Net neutrality is doomed if we’re silent’ Leverage is building a project management application with outsourced virtual assistance built in Browse more... Battlefield Leverage is building a project management application with outsourced virtual assistance built in Loji wants to make it easier to arrange plans with friends in iMessage Deep Science AI monitors security feeds for masks and guns to quicken response times Browse more... Disrupt NY 2017 These are the five finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt NY Startup Battlefield Mike Allen of Axios: People want sophisticated explanations, not long ones Pinterest will soon let advertisers reach consumers through their smartphone’s camera Browse more... Lisnr’s data-over-audio technology aims to replace QR code scanning, NFC Posted 11 hours ago by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Loji wants to make it easier to arrange plans with friends in iMessage A startup called Lisnr wants to replace NFC and QR codes with a new technology that sends data over audio — a communication protocol it’s calling Smart Tone. The technology it’s invented can be used across a number of applications, including point-of-sale transactions, ticketing and authentication, offline messaging, device to device connectivity and more. The idea for Lisnr comes from co-founder and CEO Rodney Williams. Though not an engineer himself, his background at Lockheed Martin, Procter & Gamble and elsewhere exposed him to technology and taught him the value of patents and IP. He had an idea about it should work, versus how it’s working today, and saw the opportunity to make something better. “We’ve created all these advanced technologies and experiences on top of these old protocols,” Williams explains. “The frustration was really that today we create products and services around the limitations of technology…I felt like if we could create a better connector, we could extract the best consumer experience.”   The startup was founded in Cincinnati in 2012 by Williams, along with serial entrepreneur Chris Ostoich and software architect Josh Glick — the latter who met Williams after his Startup Bus pitch. However, it wasn’t until 2014 that the company invented its technology — something Williams credits to one of the company’s first hires, developer William Knauer. In addition, Lisnr now has an expert in data over audio, Dr. Andrew Singer, serving as its technical advisor. The technology itself uses speaker broadcasts to send out the Smart Tone to a device with a microphone, which then demodulates the Smart Tone and its content. That content could be data like a message, an image, a URL or anything else. Often, the receiving device will also send a Smart Tone back to the original broadcasting device, too, enabling two-way communications. The Smart Tone itself has three parts — a preamble, header and payload. The preamble is what tells the receiving device that a Smart Tone is present, ready for decoding.   Lisnr uses the audio frequency range of ~18.7 kHz to 19.2 kHz for its communications, which is inaudible to 98 percent of people. (For those who can hear it, the audio sounds like white noise). To decode the data in the waveform, the audio is run through a program called hflat. Lisnr doesn’t make server calls — the data is decoded locally. The idea to transfer data via audio isn’t brand new — Google Nearby uses this for sharing data between devices, as a rival to Apple’s AirDrop. Another company called Chirp is also doing data over audio. However, Williams claims that Lisnr has five to 10 times the throughput of its next nearest competitor. For example, Google Nearby is 66 bits per second, while Lisnr has commercially deployed 300 bps. And it has some beta customers doing 1,000 to 3,000 bps. tcdisrupt-ny17-9335 Lisnr presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-9329 Lisnr presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-9344 Lisnr presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-9346 Lisnr presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-9348 Lisnr presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit But while data-over-audio technologies have the benefit of not needing an internet connection to work, they also have a limited range as the microphone has to be able to “hear” the speaker being used to send the data. Lisnr’s Smart Tone, then, is more of a proximity protocol to replace things like Bluetooth, NFC or QR code scanning. This has a lot of practical implementations, though. During its beta, Lisnr has at any one time anywhere from 100 to 200 companies trialing its technology. These have included those across a range of industries, like ticketing companies, airlines, transportation companies, theaters, retailers, banks, mobile wallet providers, real estate companies, security firms and more. Jaguar/Land Rover has now adopted the protocol to personalize the car to your settings by identifying you by your smartphone. Lisnr has also just landed the world’s largest ticketing company as its customer, which has already gone live in a few locations. In ticketing applications, instead of scanning QR codes on event goers’ phones at the door, the company could deploy the technology via its mobile app, or even an email or link. Other customers who can be mentioned include MovieTickets.com, chipset company DSPG and many of Intel’s partners. After years of testing, Lisnr is now on pace to be installed on 30 million devices, says Williams. Businesses pay Lisnr on a per-device, per-year model, along with a small fee (pennies) per data transmission or per authentication. They can use the technology via SDK or API. Today at Disrupt, the team is launching Smart Tone for commercial use. Lisnr has raised $14 million to date from Intel Capital, Jump Capital, Rubicon VC, Progress Ventures, Serra Ventures, Mercury Fund, R/GA, CourtsideVC, TechStars, CincyTech and others. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Battlefield Disrupt NY 2017 Disrupt NY 2017 Popular Posts Featured Stories Apple is shoring up Siri for its next generation of intelligent devices 10 hours ago | John Mannes Apple could release MacBook updates soon 10 hours ago | Romain Dillet What to expect from Google I/O 2017 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Oscar Health only lost half as much money as it did last year 11 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club 3 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze There’s no shame in a $100M startup 6 hours ago | Eric Paley, Joseph Flaherty These are the five finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt NY Startup Battlefield 6 hours ago | Anthony Ha Mike Allen of Axios: People want sophisticated explanations, not long ones 7 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Comment moderation powered by Up Next Loji wants to make it easier to arrange plans with friends in iMessage Posted 11 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Marketing director at Altpoint Ventures at Altpoint Ventures (Greenwich, CT, United States) Lead Full-Stack Engineer at CodePath (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior full-stack React/Node/Java technical instructor at CodePath (Sunnyvale, CA / Remote) Director of Engineering @ Carbine Coffee at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) SDET (Software Design Engineer in Test) at Labelmaster Software (Seattle, WA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club 3 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze There’s no shame in a $100M startup 6 hours ago by Eric Paley, Joseph Flaherty These are the five finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt NY Startup Battlefield 6 hours ago by Anthony Ha Mike Allen of Axios: People want sophisticated explanations, not long ones 7 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden AMD’s new top-end Radeon Vega graphics cards are taking aim at competing GPUs 7 hours ago by Stefan Etienne Cadre and Point are betting that the best way to win in real estate is to disrupt the market 7 hours ago by John Mannes After WannaCry, ex-NSA director defends agencies holding exploits 7 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Fintech unicorn TransferWise reaches profitability, planning ‘new financial services’ 8 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Bragi’s new Dash PRO headphones are true wearable head computers 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Pinterest will soon let advertisers reach consumers through their smartphone’s camera 8 hours ago by Sarah Perez
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Facial Mask Market 2017 – Shiseido, P&G, Unilever Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 05/16/2017 — Global Facial Mask Market 2017 Research Report offers a complete and in-depth analysis of the growth rate of the Facial Mask industry. In the first section, Facial Mask Market report presents the overview of Facial Mask industry which includes definitions, classifications, applications and Facial Mask industry chain structure. Global Facial Mask Market further includes Facial Mask development history, competitive analysis of Facial Mask industry. Top leading Manufacturers Analysis of Facial Mask:- L’Oreal Estee Lauder Shiseido P&G Unilever Avon Johnson & Johnson AmorePacific LVMH Kose Mentholatum Mary Kay Leaders Clinic MAGIC Inoherb Herborist A.S.Watson Jinko Sisder Sewame Cortry Danzi Do Inquiry Before Purchasing Report Here: https://market.biz/report/2017-top-5-facial-mask-market-lpi/31221/#inquiry Facial Mask Market Segments According to Regions: North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Product Segment Analysis of Facial Mask Market: Non-Woven mask Silk mask Bio-Cellulose mask Paper mask Others Analysis of Application Segment of Facial Mask Market: Combination Skin Oil Skin Dry Skin Normal Skin In addition to this, Facial Mask Market report provides the information on development plans and strategies followed by various Facial Mask industries, manufacturing techniques and price structures. The Facial Mask Industry report also covers import/export details, supply chain relationship, utilization ratio along with cost, Facial Mask Market revenues according to regions (USA, Europe, Japan, China, India, South East Asia), and other regions can be added in a convenient manner. In next section, the Facial Mask report covers leading industry players in Facial Mask market discussing company profiles, product details, product blueprint, price, market share and contact details. Global Facial Mask Market report also covers Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers scrutiny. Request Sample Copy of Report Here (To get Quick Access): https://market.biz/report/2017-top-5-facial-mask-market-lpi/31221/#requestforsample Lastly, the Facial Mask report offers complete in-depth analysis of the parent market, key strategies followed by leading players, emerging segments, former, current and forecast market analysis in terms of volume and value along with entire research conclusions. The Report serves as a valuable guide for the industry players and other individuals who are interested in studying the Facial Mask market. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Northern Trust Participates in “On the Table 2017” to Raise Awareness of Mental Health and Addiction Next PostNext Decision Resources Group Consulting Ranks No. 14 on 2017 Top Consulting Firms by Ivy Exec Search Recent Posts DocMagic’s Total eClose Solution Facilitates First State Sponsored eClosing in North Carolina Triumph Krav Maga Announces Grand Opening in Metairie Bangsar’s BSC woos shoppers with exclusive experiences FEMP Webinar Offers Updates on Energy Exchange 2017 Educational and Networking Forum Epoch Lacrosse Partners with National Lacrosse League Player Kiel Matisz with Georgia Swarm for 2017 Playoffs RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Hyundai says Happy Mother's Day with no mush, just #ToughLove Join us on Pinterest Get latest news on advertising, media and marketing Euro Fashions Sidharth Malhotra BETC agency sent a house to the sea for an ad NIVEA India appoints Neil George as managing director By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, New Delhi | In Marketing | May 16, 2017 716SHARES Outgoing MD, Rakshit Hargave elevated to the position of senior vice-president, India, Sub-Sahara Africa. NIVEA India, the subsidiary of Beiersdorf AG, Germany has appointed Neil George as the new managing director (MD) for India. He will be based out of Mumbai. Outgoing MD, Rakshit Hargave was last year promoted to the position of senior vice-president, India, Sub Sahara Africa and head sales Beiersdorf Near East, based out of Dubai. George comes with over 20 years of FMCG experience with P&G, Reckitt Benckiser, Diversey and in the last 5 years, been with Beiersdorf in varied senior marketing roles. After having worked in various locations starting with Delhi to Dubai, Jeddah, London, Amsterdam and Copenhagen, he now comes back to India. His last stint with Nivea was at the German multinational's Dubai office as the Vice President, in charge of Near East. "The India I left in the late 90s and the India of today are two vastly different and rapidly evolving skincare and beauty markets", says George in a press note. "The attractive demographics of the country coupled with growing incomes of the emerging middle class and an extremely stable and reform focused Government make India one of the most exciting markets for Nivea to play. And the biggest added bonus is a well educated and ambitious pool of young Indians who will help take our relatively young company to greater heights in India". George has recently self-published his comic book titled 'Building the Perfect Beast: What Really Happens in Brand Management'. George adds, 'The title is also about what happens to both brands and brand managers - both start life as pure, naïve beings, but end up as beasts'. A Kochi boy who studied Hotel Management in Mumbai, George holds two MBAs, one from SPJIMR, Mumbai and another from the London Business School. 716SHARES Follow afaqs! Search Tags Beiersdorf AG, Germany Beiersdorf NIVEA India Neil George Rakshit Hargave Marketing © 2017 afaqs!     Related Articles Why does 'Agent Double Odour Seven' fail? Digital Sujata Appliances assigns creative duties to Soho Square Advertising Nivea India ropes in Sunil Gadgil as director marketing Marketing Nivea looks for its princesses for Miss India Advertising Mediaedge:cia bags the media duties for Nivea India Media Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup FundingMarketing MediaCom retains media mandate for Bosch-Siemens i...Media Planning & Buying Nearbuy founder uses FB Live to introduce the agen...Digital The 10 Most Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in April...Digital Dec'16 to April'17: How Flipkart Ads' intent targe...Marketing Infectious bags creative mandate for Zee YuvaAdvertising Pregnancy, adoption, blindness, under-age driving....Advertising Publicis Worldwide appoints Ravpreet Ganesh as exe...Advertising Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup FundingMarketing "Don't join advertising; don't stay in advertising...Advertising MediaCom retains media mandate for Bosch-Siemens i...Media Planning & Buying The 10 Most Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in April...Digital British Airways on new 3-minute ad: "Flying to Lon...Digital Nearbuy founder uses FB Live to introduce the agen...Digital The IPL Fantasy League is backDigital Amazon Prime Video launches 'India Ka Naya Primeti...Advertising Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor...Marketing "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos...Advertising Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bikeAdvertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek...Media Publishing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it?Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2...Digital Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr...Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing...Digital 5 / 10❬❭ Case Studies 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup Funding Marketing Source : Jaakko Mannisto View All Current Issue May 1-15 2017 Sr. Visualiser (Graphics /Print) May 16, 2017 Visualizer May 15, 2017 Account Executive May 11, 2017 Client Servicing Manager / Client Servicing Executive / Junior Art Director / Art Director / Senior Visualizer / Manager Business Development / Artwork / Graphic Developer. May 04, 2017 Client Servicing Executive (Only Local Candidates Should Apply) May 04, 2017 Client Servicing Executive Apr 18, 2017 View all jobs ❭ Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Foxglove Awards 2017 afaqs! India's Buzziest Brands 2017 vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search China's Online TV Pushes Product Placement to Crazy New Levels By Angela Doland - 16 minutes ago Array 0 Fox Upfronts Diary: Sports, Not Scripted Series, 'Own the Fall' By Jeanine Poggi - 5 hours ago Array 0 Watch Previews for Fox's New Shows 9 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Colgate, Mtn Dew, Coke and More 11 hours ago Array 0 Why There's No Yoga in Lululemon's First Global Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago Array 0 Team of Rivals: Inside Fox, Turner and Viacom's Strange Collaboration By Jeanine Poggi - 21 hours ago 0 Fox Upfronts Diary: Sports, Not Scripted Series, 'Own the Fall' By Jeanine Poggi - 5 hours ago 0 Upfronts Diary: Did You Know NBC Airs 'This Is Us?' By Jeanine Poggi - 13 hours ago 0 There's No Yoga in Lululemon's First Global Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 The iPhone Transforms a Barbershop Business in Apple's Funky Spot By Alexandra Jardine - 13 hours ago 0 Team of Rivals: Inside Fox, Turner and Viacom's Strange Collaboration By Jeanine Poggi - 20 hours ago 0 Dairy Industry Ready to Remind Us Just How Much We Love It By Jessica Wohl - 22 hours ago 0 Upfronts: NBC Revives 'Will and Grace,' Must See TV Tagline By Jeanine Poggi - 2 days ago 0 Behind NBC's Biggest Show (That Never Airs) By Jeanine Poggi - 16 hours ago 0 Finances Are Family Affair in MassMutual Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli and Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. China's Online TV Pushes Product Placement to Crazy New Levels By Angela Doland. Published on May 16, 2017. One of China's most successful talk shows debates society's questions, big and small: Would you let your parents live in a retirement home? Is it better to break up with someone in person or not? The show, "U Can U Bibi" on the video platform iQiyi, is also a wide-load vehicle for sponsorships, with placements of sponsors' logos and products that are intentionally over-the-top and relentless. ("Bibi" is Chinese internet slang for "keep talking" or "keep bullshitting.") A host finds a funny pretext to plug Head & Shoulders, and the shampoo's logo pops onscreen with a "boing" sound. Smartphones and yogurts are propped up on the hosts' desks, because Chinese electronics company Xiaomi and dairy giant Mengniu are sponsors. A single frame might contain more than a dozen product placements and brand logos. U Can U Bibi Credit: TenCent Video This is what mainstream variety and reality shows look like in China. While companies worldwide invest in content, China is testing the frontiers of brand integrations. How far can things go without turning viewers off? How many logos and product placements can you cram into one show? The answer, in China at least, is a lot. Jiggling logos "People in the U.S. would go crazy and contact the FCC" if they saw these shows, said Calvin Chan, chief operating officer of China's AdMaster, a marketing data tech company that measures brands' marketing investment, including sponsorship effectiveness, for big clients including Procter & Gamble. In China, people are used to all kinds of branded distractions. It's typical for sponsors' products—bottles of water, say, or smartphones—to pop into the corner of the screen, rotate, jiggle and whoosh out of sight. They look a bit like virtual stickers on chat apps. For China's young viewers, those kinds of placements "probably feel like another aspect of their social engagement," Chan said. "They want to have fun for 40 minutes watching a variety show, and this is just another part of the entertainment." A Date With A Superstar Credit: TenCent Video Sponsors have to be willing to take risks, since very often TV hosts are simultaneously plugging their product and poking fun at the conventions of advertising and sponsorships. "The way hosts are talking about brands is humorous, kind of self-mocking," said Ellen Hou, CEO of Carat China, which has worked on sponsorships from noodle giant Kang Shifu and Dutch dairy company FrieslandCampina. "Consumers get it. Brands are tolerant with that. They feel it's very cool to be a bit self-mocking." Last year, a show on internet giant Tencent's video platform, "A Date With a Superstar," flashed messages across the screen about how fantastic L'Oréal is, calling it "an international brand, a big brand, a big big brand." On a silly skit in "U Can U Bibi," someone plugged Head & Shoulders use as a way to find true love. That show, a pioneer of quirky sponsorship techniques that's now in its fourth season, got over 56 million views for its first episode this season. The price of free content Chinese internet users grew accustomed to very visible brand placements because that was the trade-off for free content. China's online video sites grew up quite differently than say, Netflix, which has a subscription model and not much obvious product placement in its original shows. When video platforms iQiyi, Tencent video and Youku-Tudou were starting out, piracy was rampant in China, and they needed free content to lure consumers away from fake DVDs. Sponsorships -- a staple of all forms of TV in China -- became one facet of their business model, and they've blown up into big business. Being the main sponsor of an online show can cost up to $15 million, Carat says. A show will typically have five to seven sponsors of varying levels and price tags. Lately China's video platforms are wooing viewers to upgrade to subscriber status. Tencent video and iQiyi, which is owned by Chinese search giant Baidu, last year said they each have over 20 million paying subscribers, while Alibaba Group's Youku-Tudou said it has 30 million. A central incentive to subscribe is that pre-roll and mid-roll ads are stripped away. But the crazy product placements remain—they're part of the show. Deng Jingyao, a 22-year-old student in public administration in Shanghai, subscribes to iQiyi for a few dollars a month because she hates sitting through pre-roll ads. She isn't bothered that her favorite shows teem with brand placements, "as long as they're inserted into an interesting topic, or done in a funny way." Baby Steps A hit show called "Let Me Go, Baby" combines two elements designed to be irresistible to young women. "One is handsome young guys, and the other is cute babies," Carat China CEO Ellen Hou said. The concept is that male stars, including a member of China's hottest boy band, TFBoys, learn how to take care of kids. Carat collaborated on the show starting last year with Tencent and Dutch dairy company FrieslandCampina, which was introducing a new brand of children's milk powder, Friso Prestige. Carat content teams monitored social media to recognize and build more buzzworthy moments. (Note to bands: Naughty children seem to get the most attention.) In last summer's first season, the show got 45 million viewers per show, Carat says. Friso Prestige brand awareness went from soft-launch obscurity to 54% by the end of the summer. And there were 29 million downloads of the show's stickers for Tencent's WeChat app. FrieslandCampina's overall China consumer sales were up 27% last year, and it singled out its new product as a driver of growth there. — Angela Doland Video by Chen Wu In this article: Beauty/Fashion Beverages Branded Entertainment Celebrity Consumer Electronics Content Marketing Creativity Entertainment Global News Media Social TV Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Industrial Cleaning Chemicals Market 2017 – Market Size, Shares, Trends, Growth and Forecast to 2022 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/15/2017 — In this report, the global Industrial Cleaning Chemicals market is expected to grow rapidly between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Industrial Cleaning Chemicals in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering – North America – Europe – China – Japan – Southeast Asia – India Get a Sample Research PDF with TOC: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1057687 Global Industrial Cleaning Chemicals market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including – BASF – Albemarle Corporation – Akzo Nobel – Dow Chemical – Croda International – Procter & Gamble – 3M – Stepan – Huntsman – Koch Industries Incorporated – Henkel – Eastman Chemical – FMC Corporation – Clariant International – Axiall Corporation On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into – General Purpose Cleaners – Floor Care Products – Ware Washing Detergents – Laundry Care Products – Vehicle Wash Products – Disinfectants & Sanitizers – Other Enquiry at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1057687 On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Industrial Cleaning Chemicals for each application, including – Metallurgical Industry – Paper Industry – Food Industry – Chemical Industry – Pharmaceutical Industry – Machinery Manufacturing Industry – Other Browse more details at: http://www.researchmoz.us/global-industrial-cleaning-chemicals-market-research-report-2017-report.html About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air Force Seeks Medical Translation Services Sources Next PostNext Global Mobile Cone Crusher Market Key Growth Factor, Industry Analysis 2016-2021 Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business Homeless shelter given foreclosure reprieve — for now Investors should be all smiles at this year’s SALT conference L.A. Reid may have settled prior sexual harassment claims Colgate-Palmolive could be looking to sell TJ Maxx’s parent company sees sales fall flat Why these lucky Starbucks customers got free drinks Twitter co-founder Biz Stone says he’s coming back Etsy shares surge as funds disclose new stakes Lowe’s wants to turn its workers into superhumans Home Depot bucks sluggish retail trends Hedgies raked in $11B in pay despite worst year since crash NYC is now the world’s most expensive construction market Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Colgate-Palmolive could be looking to sell By Claire Atkinson and Josh Kosman View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) May 16, 2017 | 11:00pm | Updated May 16, 2017 | 11:01pm Modal Trigger Colgate-Palmolive CEO Ian Cook Getty Images Colgate-Palmolive’s chief executive recently signaled he would be open to selling the company — which has grappled with sluggish demand for its toothpaste, deodorants and food products — for $100 a share, a source told The Post. CEO Ian Cook’s stated price tag, valuing the consumer-products giant at more than $88 billion, came at a meeting with institutional investors that took place in recent weeks, a source with knowledge of the conversation said. Rumors about possible deals have swirled of late around the New York-based conglomerate, which has struggled to increase sales of its household staples, which include Irish Spring soap and Hill’s pet food. In particular, there has been talk that Colgate-Palmolive is being stalked by Unilever, the London-based maker of Dove soap, Axe deodorant and Hellmann’s mayonnaise. Last Friday, the chatter even prompted a shareholder to ask Cook at the annual meeting what he would do if Unilever made an offer to buy the company. “We as a company … build value for our share owners and all the constituents in our company,” Cook responded. “And that is what we will focus on and let the rumors and speculation take care of itself.” Aside from the Unilever chatter, speculation has been stoked partly by the fact that activist Nelson Peltz owns a stake in Procter & Gamble, and may be looking to spark sector consolidation. Other possible suitors include Johnson & Johnson as well as the partnership formed by billionaire Warren Buffett and Brazilian conglomerate 3G Capital, which owns Kraft Heinz. Colgate declined to comment on what Cook told investors. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under buyouts ,  colgate palmolive ,  deals ,  unilever Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next TJ Maxx's parent company sees sales fall flat Read Next TJ Maxx's parent company sees sales fall flat Share Selection Columnists Lois Weiss Homeless shelter given foreclosure reprieve — for now John Crudele Thompson’s days were numbered at the Census Bureau Claire Atkinson Warner Music boss nears royalty deal with Spotify SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Trending Now on NYPost.com 58,854 This is what would happen if North Korea launched a real attack 20,307 NBA mock draft: Celtics grab Fultz, Lakers snag Ball and Knicks pick ... 19,819 Small plane carrying family vanishes in Bermuda Triangle Now On Taylor Swift’s accused stalker indicted for loitering outside her pad Amber Tamblyn makes director debut with ‘Paint It Black’ Sonny Bono’s ex ties the knot with Yale man SEE ALL Video Reporter says touching woman's boob on-air was 'unintentional' More Stories page six Why 'Housewives' are steaming that Bethenny got NBC invite Now On Decider Viewers Boycott ABC After Politically-Motivated Cancellation Of 'Last Man Standing' nypost This is what would happen if North Korea launched a real attack New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Business Biyani's fbb first Indian retail brand to venture overseas Kishore Biyani Shares6 Ashish K Tiwari | Wed, 17 May 2017-07:35am , Mumbai , DNA Future Group’s clothing business in the current fiscal will be Rs 12,000 crore, including fbb, Central formats In an industry-first, Kishore Biyani promoted Future Group is taking its fast fashion apparel retail brand 'fbb' overseas. The retailer has entered into an equal joint venture with Oman-based business conglomerate Khimji Ramdas (KR) LLC to open exclusive 'fbb' stores in Oman. "We thought of getting into a region around us for exploring international forays and hence zeroed in on Oman. There are a lot of retailers who have come from that region into India and I think it's time for somebody to go in that region. That's the opportunity we have been looking for and have found the right partner to expand our business," said Kishore Biyani, group CEO, Future Group, adding that fbb will be nearly 70% of the clothing it sells currently in India. The joint venture, KR Future Fashions LLC, will see the partners invest a total Rs 150 crore in the business. While 4-5 fbb stores will be launched initially, the plan is to take the number to 17-18 stores over a period of time. The first fbb store is likely to get operational in the first quarter next year. Interestingly, Biyani will also adopt a differentiated pricing strategy for the Oman market, wherein the apparel will be sold at prices that are lower than in India. Nailesh Khimji, director, Khimji Ramdas LLC, said, "We want to add to our strengths, which is distribution and logistics in Oman, and get apparel retailing expertise from the Future Group to form a company that will be strong in both areas. Once we feel, Oman has achieved the expected key performance indicators (KPIs), we will start looking at expanding into the region including all the Gulf countries." Future Group will also be leveraging KR Group's logistics and distribution expertise (in Oman and Gujarat) to sell its fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) products there – KR LLC operates 75 supermarkets under brands like SPAR, Khimji's Mart etc while also distributing products from P&G, Britannia, Amul, etc. "We are looking at adding Future Group's food and FMCG brands on our distribution network as well," said Khimji. The overall plan is to eventually expand the apparel retail operations as well as FMCG distribution across the GCC and MENA region in the years to come. Biyani sees the fashion space as a huge opportunity in and outside India and hence started looking at markets including Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and UAE for the international foray. By next year, the company is targeting to sell close to 30 crore garment pieces and has a target of selling 100 crore garment pieces over the next four to five years. "That can only happen if we spread our wings. We currently operate in 27 out of 29 states in India. I believe, foraying into the UAE region is a huge opportunity and we will use this as a stepping stone to enter other geographies like Africa," Biyani said, adding that the group's clothing business in the current fiscal will be around Rs 12,000 crore, including fbb, Central and other apparel retailing formats, and it can touch around 50,000 crore once the target of 100 crore garment pieces is met. STITCHING GROWTH Future Group’s clothing business in the current fiscal will be Rs 12,000 crore, including fbb, Central formats It can touch around 50,000 crore once the target of 100 crore garment pieces is met Ashish K Tiwari Info Writes on Retail, eCommerce & FMCG, is a Digital & Social Media Enthusiast, Loves Music & Travel...   TOP TOP < Donald Trump asked James Comey to end investigation of ex-NSA Michael Flynn   Comments   Also Read Business Forbes Global Game Changers: Mukesh Ambani tops the list Business DNA Money Edit: Focus on electric vehicles a step in right direction Business Luxury apartments in Mumbai record 1.1% price growth Business Avoid ques, reduce turnaround time by claiming EPF online Business Biyani's fbb first Indian retail brand to venture overseas Business Where viewers go, brands will follow < Previous ArticleNext Article > Donald Trump asked James Comey to end investigation of ex-NSA Michael Flynn Live Cricket Score Bangladesh vs New Zealand Wed, 17 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Related DNA Money Edit: Focus on electric vehicles a step in right direction Avoid ques, reduce turnaround time by claiming EPF online Ransomware sparks ATM upgrades Video WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra View all Tags India Business Report Kishore Biyani Future Group Oman UAE Africa Amul Bangladesh Gujarat Mena Sri Lanka fbb KR Future Fashions LLC Nailesh Khimji Khimji Ramdas LLC SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News CG ship evacuates injured crew member from motor tanker UK Labour's main union backer can't see party winning election -report 'Trump scandals reaching Watergate size and scale' Greeks join nationwide strike over new round of bailout reforms Can women be given option of saying no to triple talaq: SC to Muslim Law Board Sport Cricket-Australia's Stoinis cleared for Champions Trophy Rugby-All Blacks confirm 2018 Japan test prior to Europe trip Soccer-Arsenal players keen on Sanchez stay, says Koscielny We have accomplished what teams across the world only dream of, says Misbah Soccer-Man United's Rashford says has earned Mourinho praise Entertainment Salman charms with his innocence in 'The Radio Song' Check Pics: It's Deepika Padukone's FIRST DAY at Cannes and THIS is what the beauty is up to! Radhe Maa to play herself in her debut web series! Here's what Salman Khan has to say about the Radio Song from 'Tubelight' 'Friends' is never coming back: Co-creator Marta Kauffman Money Ahead of IPO opening, India Grid Trust raises over Rs 1,012 crore from anchor investors Lendingkart Finance targets 300 pct growth by FY'18; aims nearly 650 cities Edelweiss Financial Q4 net rises 40 pc to Rs 170 cr Ezetap named #16 on CNBC disruptor 50 list @ 5/17/2017 11:44:50 AM Relief for employees? IBM India denies 'rumours' of mass layoffs Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Humidifiers Market - Global Forecast and Opportunity Assessment by Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global humidifiers market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global humidifiers market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 16, 2017 06:03 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global humidifiers market is expected to reach USD 2140 million by 2021, growing at a CAGR of more than 4%. This research report titled ‘Global Humidifiers Market 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This market research report also includes up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. The global humidifiers market is expected grow at a steady rate during the forecast period. The rising awareness of the ill effects of dry air and poor indoor air quality drives the global market. Humidifiers are used to relieve problems caused by dry air like dry skin, sinus congestion, dry throat, bloody noses, nose irritation, dry cough, irritated vocal cords, and cracked lips. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio’s analysts categorize the global humidifiers market into three major segments by product. They are: Warm-mist Ultrasonic Cool-mist Warm-mist The global warm-mist humidifiers market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% the forecast period. The demand for the warm-mist humidifiers is growing as the appliances claim to make indoor air bacteria-free by creating a warm moisture from heated water, which helps in fighting bacteria that may start to develop in the parts of the humidifier. According to Poonam Saini, a lead retail goods and services research analyst from Technavio, “Steam humidifiers and vaporizers are some of the common types of warm-mist humidifiers. Because of the absence of built-in fans in warm-mist humidifiers, they tend to make lesser noise than cool-mist humidifiers. The various advantages of warm-mist humidifiers will lead to its high adoption during the forecast period.” Ultrasonic The global ultrasonic humidifiers market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4%, during the forecast period. Ultrasonic humidifiers are the least expensive and the most energy-efficient of all humidifiers. These humidifiers produce warm or cool mist using a metal diaphragm that vibrates at a high frequency. These vibrations turn water into a fine mist, which is then blown out of a fan. “One major disadvantage of ultrasonic humidifiers is that they produce white dust as a by-product that poses a serious threat to people with breathing issues. For eliminating this issue, vendors are now focusing on developing ultrasonic humidifiers with advanced technology that restricts the formation of white dust,” adds Poonam. Cool-mist The global market for cool-mist humidifiers is expected to grow at a CAGR of almost 4% through 2021. The cool-mist humidifiers are equipped with better safety features, which makes them preferable over warm-mist humidifiers. A warm-mist humidifier creates steam by boiling water. This is risky for children as they might touch it accidentally and burn themselves. Cool-mist humidifiers, on the other hand, disperse a cool spray or mist in the air. However, the main disadvantage of cool-mist humidifiers is that, if they are not cleaned periodically then there can be bacterial growth in these appliances. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s research analysts in this report are: BONECO Crane – USA Honeywell International Newell Brands Procter & Gamble Browse Related Reports: Global Ab and Core Toning Machine Market 2017-2021 Online Retail Market in the US 2017-2021 Global Foosball Equipment Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like cosmetics and toiletry, toys and baby products, and apparel and textile. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global humidifiers market is expected to reach USD 2140 million by 2021, growing at a CAGR of more than 4%. #Hashtags #humidifiers #RetailGoods #Research #Technavio Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Humidifiers Market - Global Forecast and Opportunity Assessment by Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global humidifiers market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global humidifiers market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 16, 2017 06:03 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global humidifiers market is expected to reach USD 2140 million by 2021, growing at a CAGR of more than 4%. This research report titled ‘Global Humidifiers Market 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This market research report also includes up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. The global humidifiers market is expected grow at a steady rate during the forecast period. The rising awareness of the ill effects of dry air and poor indoor air quality drives the global market. Humidifiers are used to relieve problems caused by dry air like dry skin, sinus congestion, dry throat, bloody noses, nose irritation, dry cough, irritated vocal cords, and cracked lips. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio’s analysts categorize the global humidifiers market into three major segments by product. They are: Warm-mist Ultrasonic Cool-mist Warm-mist The global warm-mist humidifiers market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% the forecast period. The demand for the warm-mist humidifiers is growing as the appliances claim to make indoor air bacteria-free by creating a warm moisture from heated water, which helps in fighting bacteria that may start to develop in the parts of the humidifier. According to Poonam Saini, a lead retail goods and services research analyst from Technavio, “Steam humidifiers and vaporizers are some of the common types of warm-mist humidifiers. Because of the absence of built-in fans in warm-mist humidifiers, they tend to make lesser noise than cool-mist humidifiers. The various advantages of warm-mist humidifiers will lead to its high adoption during the forecast period.” Ultrasonic The global ultrasonic humidifiers market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4%, during the forecast period. Ultrasonic humidifiers are the least expensive and the most energy-efficient of all humidifiers. These humidifiers produce warm or cool mist using a metal diaphragm that vibrates at a high frequency. These vibrations turn water into a fine mist, which is then blown out of a fan. “One major disadvantage of ultrasonic humidifiers is that they produce white dust as a by-product that poses a serious threat to people with breathing issues. For eliminating this issue, vendors are now focusing on developing ultrasonic humidifiers with advanced technology that restricts the formation of white dust,” adds Poonam. Cool-mist The global market for cool-mist humidifiers is expected to grow at a CAGR of almost 4% through 2021. The cool-mist humidifiers are equipped with better safety features, which makes them preferable over warm-mist humidifiers. A warm-mist humidifier creates steam by boiling water. This is risky for children as they might touch it accidentally and burn themselves. Cool-mist humidifiers, on the other hand, disperse a cool spray or mist in the air. However, the main disadvantage of cool-mist humidifiers is that, if they are not cleaned periodically then there can be bacterial growth in these appliances. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s research analysts in this report are: BONECO Crane – USA Honeywell International Newell Brands Procter & Gamble Browse Related Reports: Global Ab and Core Toning Machine Market 2017-2021 Online Retail Market in the US 2017-2021 Global Foosball Equipment Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like cosmetics and toiletry, toys and baby products, and apparel and textile. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global humidifiers market is expected to reach USD 2140 million by 2021, growing at a CAGR of more than 4%. #Hashtags #humidifiers #RetailGoods #Research #Technavio Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Arun Patil Amine Oxide Market Trends & Forecast to 2021- Industry Analysis by Regions, Type and Application Amine Oxide Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. Global Amine Oxide market is valued at USD XX million in 2017 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2017 and 2022.Next part of Global Amine Oxide Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, Global production and revenue are studied. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Amine Oxide Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10638780   Further in the report, Global Amine Oxide Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Amine Oxide Market Industry consumption for major regions is given.Amine Oxide Market by Product Type: Industrial Grade, Others  Amine Oxide Market by Application:  Textile Industry, Detergent, Antistatic Agent, Shampoo, Chemical Industry The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Amine Oxide Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. The Amine Oxide Market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Top key players of Amine Oxide Market: Clariant, Rhodia, P&G, Kao Chemicals, Lubrizol, Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10638780 To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Amine Oxide Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Amine Oxide Market by Region: United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. Amine Oxide Market Effect Factors Analysis: Technology Progress/Risk, Substitutes Threat, Technology Progress in Related Industry, Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, Global Amine Oxide Market Forecast 2017-2021, Global Amine Oxide Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Amine Oxide Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Amine Oxide Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Amine Oxide Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Amine Oxide Market Price Forecast 2017-2021. Major Topics Covered in Global Amine Oxide Market Research Report Are as Follows: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List For Any Query on Amine Oxide Market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10638780 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Amine Oxide Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Amine Oxide Market industry before evaluating its feasibility. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAmine Oxide Industry Share, Amine Oxide Industry Size, Amine Oxide Market Growth, Amine Oxide Market Trends, Chemical and Advanced Materials Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MUNICIPAL CREDIT UNION HITS NEW HIGHS IN 2016; ASSETS TOPPED $2.48 BILLION Next PostNext Optical Parametric Devices Market Trends & Forecast to 2022- Industry Analysis by Geographical Regions, Type and Application Search Recent Posts Air Flow-By Cooling Technology From Mercury Systems Achieves TRL-8 Hey Rocco: A lovable children’s book character bridges the distance between families Neil Howe Selected To Open An Authority Media Agency Serving The Roofing Market Farmer Bros. Co. to Present at the 18th Annual B. Riley Conference Century Next Financial Corporation Declares Cash Dividend RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Scented Candles Market 2017 Trend, Growth and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Scented Candles Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 16, 2017 ) Scented candles refer to candles that have synthetic or natural scented material blended into them to provide a pleasant smell while burning. Scented candles provide a relaxing environment as a result of the fragrances released while burning. The high sales of scented candles can be attributed to a rapid surge in internet penetration, which has helped connect sellers and buyers. This has increased the sales opportunity for scented candle providers, along with providing options for consumers to choose from a broad range of products. Publisher's analysts forecast the global scented candles market to grow at a CAGR of 5.88% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-scented-candles-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global scented candles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from sales of scented candles used for massage purpose (includes applications in medical and intimacy industries) by end-users such as individuals and spas. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - California Exotic Novelties - P&G - LELO - Reckitt Benckiser Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001685326/sample . Other prominent vendors - Gellite Gel Candles - Himalayan Trading Post - Bath & Body Works - TATINE - CoScentrix - diptyque - Lee Naturals - Magnolia Scents by Design - Mels Candles - Net-a-Porter - Northern Lights Candles - Paddywax - Southern Made Candles - Soy Works Candle Company - Stand Around Creations - The Gel Candle Company - The Yankee Candle Company Market driver - Change in consumer perspectives. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Side effects of toxic materials in products. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increase in popularity of DIY method and localization of oil ingredient sourcing. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001685326/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hair Conditioner Global Industry Sales, Supply and Consumption 2017 and Forecast to 2022 Global Hair Conditioner Market Market Analysis Research Report on “Global Hair Conditioner Market 2017 Industry Growth, Size, Trends, Share and Forecast to 2021” to their research database. PUNE, INDIA , May 16, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Hair Conditioner Market This report studies Hair Conditioner in Global Market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Henkel P&G L’Oreal Unilever Amore L’Oreal Pechoin Shiseido Schwarzkopf Dove Kishl’s KAO REVLON AMWAY ShangHai HuaYin WATSONS LION LG BENEFIT Avalon Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1284721-global-hair-conditioner-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Dry Hair Oily Hair Normal Hair By Application, the market can be split into Personal Use Barber Shop Hotel Others By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Enquiry for buying report@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1284721-global-hair-conditioner-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Hair Conditioner Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Hair Conditioner 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Hair Conditioner 1.1.1 Definition of Hair Conditioner 1.1.2 Specifications of Hair Conditioner 1.2 Classification of Hair Conditioner 1.2.1 Dry Hair 1.2.2 Oily Hair 1.2.3 Normal Hair 1.3 Applications of Hair Conditioner 1.3.1 Personal Use 1.3.2 Barber Shop 1.3.3 Hotel 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Hair Conditioner 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Hair Conditioner 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Hair Conditioner 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Hair Conditioner …….. 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Hair Conditioner 8.1 Henkel 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Henkel 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Henkel 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 P&G 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 P&G 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 P&G 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 L’Oreal 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 L’Oreal 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 L’Oreal 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Unilever 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Unilever 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Unilever 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Amore 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Amore 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Amore 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 L’Oreal 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 L’Oreal 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 L’Oreal 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Pechoin 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Pechoin 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Pechoin 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Shiseido 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Shiseido 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Shiseido 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Schwarzkopf 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Schwarzkopf 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Schwarzkopf 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Dove 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Dove 2016 Hair Conditioner Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Dove 2016 Hair Conditioner Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 Kishl’s 8.12 KAO 8.13 REVLON 8.14 AMWAY 8.15 ShangHai HuaYin 8.16 WATSONS 8.17 LION 8.18 LG 8.19 BENEFIT 8.20 Avalon Continued…….. Buy Now@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1284721 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fields and Flows Fire Up Cosmic Accelerators Next PostNext Remote Access Software 2017: Industry Applications, Key Developments, Review, Growth, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Intravenous Parenteral Nutrition Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2022 Anaemic economic growth in some regions hampers progress on Global Goals, UN report finds NOWDiagnostics CEO Kevin Clark to Address Technology Conference Illinois.com Domain Name Up for Sale Introducing The Eight Companies Selected For The R/GA Marketing Tech Venture Studio With IPG And Snap Inc. RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Folding Cartons * Packaging * Social Responsibility * More Tags... Industry News * Environment * More Industries... News By Location * Rochester   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 Diamond Packaging Awarded Gold in EcoVadis Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Assessment Diamond recognized for its superior approach to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) practices     JPG Diamond Packaging awarded Gold in EcoVadis Assessment   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Folding Cartons * Packaging * Social Responsibility Industry: * Environment Location: * Rochester - New York - US Subject: * AwardsROCHESTER, N.Y. - May 16, 2017 - PRLog -- Diamond Packaging has been granted a Gold Recognition Level based on its participation in the EcoVadis Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) assessment in April 2017. The result places Diamond in the top 4% of suppliers evaluated by EcoVadis in all categories. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is the continuing commitment to behave responsibly by integrating social and environmental concerns into business operations. CSR goes beyond regulatory compliance to focus on how companies manage their economic, social, and environmental impacts, as well as their relationships with stakeholders (e.g., employees, suppliers, government). EcoVadis operates the first collaborative platform providing Supplier Sustainability Ratings for global supply chains. EcoVadis was founded with the belief that global businesses can make a huge positive impact on improving environmental and social practices globally, through their supply chains. The EcoVadis methodology is at the core of its CSR analysis system, covering 21 criteria across four themes of Environment, Labor Practices, Fair Business Practices, and Sustainable Procurement. The methodology is built on international CSR standards including the Global Reporting Initiative, the United Nations Global Compact, and ISO 26000, covering 150 spend categories and 140 countries. Diamond was ranked in the top 8% of suppliers assessed by EcoVadis in the category "Manufacture of corrugated paper and paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard", and in the top 4% of suppliers assessed by EcoVadis in all categories. Diamond ranked highest in the Environment category, which comprises both operational factors (e.g., energy consumption, waste management) and product stewardship (e.g., product end-of-life, customer health and safety issues). Diamond reported on its industry-leading greenbox sustainability initiative to research, design, and implement packaging solutions that are innovative and sustainable. The core of the initiative – designs, materials, and methods – represents a comprehensive approach to packaging that minimizes environmental impact throughout the supply chain. Through creative design, careful material selection, and best practices at the plant level, Diamond is able to minimize waste, reduce shipping costs and increase efficiencies – all of which support a sustainable use of resources and cultivate a positive emotional connection to the brand. Today, all of Diamond's packaging is manufactured using 100% clean, renewable wind energy and produced in a Zero Manufacturing Waste to Landfill (ZMWL) facility. About Diamond Packaging: Founded in 1911, Diamond Packaging is a WBENC-certified woman-owned business specializing in developing innovative and sustainable packaging solutions. Utilizing state of-the-art technologies, Diamond designs and manufactures paperboard and plastic folding cartons for the personal care (cosmetics, hair care, skin care, fragrance, oral care, and shaving), health care, pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, and consumer electronics industries. Its client portfolio includes Bausch & Lomb, Beiersdorf, Coty, Elizabeth Arden, Estée Lauder, Godiva, L'Oreal, Otter Products, Procter & Gamble, Shiseido, and many other Fortune 500 companies. Diamond differentiates itself through award-winning creative design, packaging innovation/technicalexpertise, its greenbox sustainability initiative, and the Global Packaging Alliance® (GPA). For more information about Diamond Packaging, visit www.diamondpackaging.com. About EcoVadis EcoVadis is the first collaborative platform providing sustainability ratings and performance improvement tools for global supply chains. EcoVadis' easy-to-use CSR scorecards help companies to monitor suppliers' environmental, ethical, and social practices across 150 purchasing categories and 110 countries. Over 150 industry leaders such as Nestlé, GSK, Heineken, Michelin, Johnson & Johnson, Schneider Electric, L'Oreal, BASF, and Subway, and over 30,000 of their trading partners use EcoVadis to reduce risk and drive sustainability and innovation. For more information visit http://www.ecovadis.com. Contact Dennis Bacchetta, director of marketing 800-333-4079 dbacchetta@diamondpkg.com End Source : Diamond Packaging Email : ***@diamondpkg.com Tags : Folding Cartons, Packaging, Social Responsibility Industry : Environment Location : Rochester - New York - United States Subject : Awards Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Page Updated Last on: May 16, 2017 Diamond Packaging News Diamond Packaging Partners with Seneca Park Zoo to Celebrate Earth Day 2017 Global Packaging Alliance® Holds Annual Meeting in Brazil Diamond Packaging Achieves Idealliance G7® Master Qualification Diamond Packaging Wins Three Awards in 73rd Annual Paperboard Packaging Competition Diamond Packaging Wins Three Awards in 29th Annual Gold Ink Awards Competition Trending Write Integrity Press Launches THE REVISIONARY Where Future and Past Civilizations Collide Humanus Appoints Debra Stehman as Chief Operating Officer Lady In Red Perfumes named Best Ladies Fragrance of the Year United® Real Estate Announces Location and Theme for 2018 Annual Convention The Queens Business Expo is Happening at Citi Field Daily News Pinnacle Infotech – A Proud Participator @ European BIM Summit 2017 - 276 views L.A. Wolves FC Announces Venue for Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup Game vs. Chula Vista FC on Wednesday - 250 views Midas Hospitality Presented Marriott's Horizon Award - 223 views Sean P. Sage Joins New York Beach Club as General Manager - 218 views FLX Releases Electric Bike So Powerful it Could Kill You - 198 views Weekly News United Premier Soccer League Has Three Teams Advance to 2nd Round of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 1264 views CSC Announces New RXR Motorcycle - 1232 views Historic Night as L.A. Wolves FC Beats San Diego Zest FC in U.S. Open Cup - 971 views ADLE International's Mobile App Is Now Live on the Apple App Store - 771 views RoofCoachPRO LLC Becomes ContractorCoachPRO LLC - 760 views Daily News Pinnacle Infotech – A Proud Participator @ European BIM Summit 2017 - 276 views L.A. Wolves FC Announces Venue for Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup Game vs. Chula Vista FC on Wednesday - 250 views Midas Hospitality Presented Marriott's Horizon Award - 223 views Sean P. Sage Joins New York Beach Club as General Manager - 218 views FLX Releases Electric Bike So Powerful it Could Kill You - 198 views Weekly News United Premier Soccer League Has Three Teams Advance to 2nd Round of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 1264 views CSC Announces New RXR Motorcycle - 1232 views Historic Night as L.A. Wolves FC Beats San Diego Zest FC in U.S. Open Cup - 971 views ADLE International's Mobile App Is Now Live on the Apple App Store - 771 views RoofCoachPRO LLC Becomes ContractorCoachPRO LLC - 760 views PTC News Sheen, Cain, Marsters Q&A's, Creative Panels Head Programming At Wizard World Comic Con Des Moines - 683 views Toll Brothers and Lennar Release Renderings and Floorplans at Altair Irvine - 526 views Excelsior! Comic Book Legend Stan Lee Returns To Wizard World Comic Con Des Moines On May 19-20 - 206 views Lennar's Bordeaux at Vineyard Creek is Now Selling - 130 views Lennar Grand Opens Silver Ridge II in Spanish Springs on May 20 - 125 views May 16, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Power Toothbrush Industry Segments Based On Geography, Key Vendors, Driver, Market Challenge, Industry Trend 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Power Toothbrush Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database PUNE, INDIA, May 16, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Power Toothbrush Industry Latest Report on Power Toothbrush Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study The Global Power Toothbrush market is estimated to reach 2.3 Billion USD in 2017. On the basis of region, Europe is the largest market segment of Power Toothbrush, followed by North America and China. In the report, HeyReport says Online dominates the largest Channel share in 2017. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of type, channel, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc. Based on products type, the report describes major products type share of regional market. Products mentioned as follows: By Type Battery Toothbrush Rechargeable Toothbrush Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1283972-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-2011-2022 Based on region, the report describes major regions market by products and application. Regions mentioned as follows: Europe North America China Japan & Korea Based on Channel, the report describes major Channel share of regional market. Channel mentioned as follows: Online In-store Leading vendors in the market are included based on profile, business performance etc. Vendors mentioned as follows: P&G Philips Panasonic Colgate-Palmolive WaterPik Omron Lion Corporation Arm & Hammer Ningbo seago Lebond RisunTechnology If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1283972-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-2011-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Market Overview 1.1 Objectives of Research 1.1.1 Definition 1.1.2 Specifications 1.2 Market Segment 1.2.1 by Type 1.2.1.1 Battery Toothbrush 1.2.1.2 Rechargeable Toothbrush 1.2.2 by Channel 1.2.2.1 Online 1.2.2.2 In-store 1.2.3 by Regions For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1283972-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-2011-2022 2 Industry Chain 2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.3 Market 2.3.1 SWOT 2.3.2 Dynamics 3 Environmental Analysis 3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry 4 Market Segmentation by Type 4.1 Market Size 4.1.1 Global Battery Toothbrush Market, 2011-2016 4.1.2 Global Rechargeable Toothbrush Market, 2011-2016 4.2 Market Forecast 4.2.1 Global Battery Toothbrush Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.2 Global Rechargeable Toothbrush Market Forecast, 2017-2022 Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thermocompressors Market: Global Industry Trend Analysis 2012 to 2017 and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Next PostNext Global Handmade Eyelash Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Gillette® Bolsters its esports Roster with EDward Gaming (EDG) Team Partnership The Top Chinese League of Legends Team joins Gillette’s Growing List of esports Partners which includes the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship and World-renowned Gamer Enrique “xPeke” Cedeño Gillette announces EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand's first ever global esports team partner. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Gillette announces EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand's first ever global esports team partner. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail May 16, 2017 08:15 AM Eastern Daylight Time BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Gillette is thrilled to announce EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand’s first ever global esports team partner. EDG will line up alongside iconic sport franchises FC Barcelona and the New England Patriots to round out Gillette’s portfolio of team partnerships and further highlight its dedication to athletes and teams in their pursuit of precision. Since entering the esports arena earlier this year as partners with ESL, the world’s largest esports company, through a sponsorship of the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship, Gillette has immersed itself into the gaming world and continues to expand its commitment to the industry through this exciting new partnership. EDG, comprised of Yang “Koro1” Tong (Top), Kai “Clearlove” Ming (Jungle), Yechan “Scout” Lee (Mid), Seong-min “Zet” Lee (ADC), Ye “Meiko” Tian (Support), Yuhao “Mouse” Chen (Top), Zhao “Fireloli” Zhiming (Jungle) and Minmin “Minn” Huang (Top), will support Gillette, and the shared value of precision, through a multitude of touchpoints over the coming months to bring fans closer to the action. “We’ve all read about the incredible growth of gaming, but it wasn’t until we partnered with xPeke and witnessed the thousands of devoted fans who packed the Spodek Arena during the IEM World Championship that we truly understood the incredible passion of the gaming community,” said John Mang, Vice President, Global Gillette. “The commitment to precision and performance under pressure displayed by professional League of Legends teams was inspiring to us and ultimately led us to partner with Gillette’s first esports team EDG, the top team in China and one that’s posed to break out on the global stage in 2017.” EDG has had unprecedented success in China the last few seasons and is on the cusp of breaking out on the international stage in 2017. The team has finished in the top-3 the last three LPL seasons, including an undefeated record (16-0) LPL Summer 2016 campaign. EDG is the defending Demacia Cup Champions, cementing their status as a dominant team in China. “It is an honor to be Gillette’s first esports team,” said David Ng, President of EDG. “For more than 100 years Gillette has been a leader in men’s grooming and has supported the best athletes and teams in the world. EDG is proud to join the brand’s prestigious roster and have its support moving forward.” For additional information on Gillette esports and EDG please follow Gillette’s social channels. About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit http://www.gillette.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts P&G Elena Barrientos Toro, +41 795 187 785 barrientostoro.e@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf P&G Chris Smith, +1 212-796-9814 Chris.Smith@Ketchum.com Release Summary Gillette is thrilled to announce EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand’s first ever global esports team partner. Contacts P&G Elena Barrientos Toro, +41 795 187 785 barrientostoro.e@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf P&G Chris Smith, +1 212-796-9814 Chris.Smith@Ketchum.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Gillette® Bolsters its esports Roster with EDward Gaming (EDG) Team Partnership The Top Chinese League of Legends Team joins Gillette’s Growing List of esports Partners which includes the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship and World-renowned Gamer Enrique “xPeke” Cedeño Gillette announces EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand's first ever global esports team partner. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Gillette announces EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand's first ever global esports team partner. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail May 16, 2017 08:15 AM Eastern Daylight Time BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Gillette is thrilled to announce EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand’s first ever global esports team partner. EDG will line up alongside iconic sport franchises FC Barcelona and the New England Patriots to round out Gillette’s portfolio of team partnerships and further highlight its dedication to athletes and teams in their pursuit of precision. Since entering the esports arena earlier this year as partners with ESL, the world’s largest esports company, through a sponsorship of the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship, Gillette has immersed itself into the gaming world and continues to expand its commitment to the industry through this exciting new partnership. EDG, comprised of Yang “Koro1” Tong (Top), Kai “Clearlove” Ming (Jungle), Yechan “Scout” Lee (Mid), Seong-min “Zet” Lee (ADC), Ye “Meiko” Tian (Support), Yuhao “Mouse” Chen (Top), Zhao “Fireloli” Zhiming (Jungle) and Minmin “Minn” Huang (Top), will support Gillette, and the shared value of precision, through a multitude of touchpoints over the coming months to bring fans closer to the action. “We’ve all read about the incredible growth of gaming, but it wasn’t until we partnered with xPeke and witnessed the thousands of devoted fans who packed the Spodek Arena during the IEM World Championship that we truly understood the incredible passion of the gaming community,” said John Mang, Vice President, Global Gillette. “The commitment to precision and performance under pressure displayed by professional League of Legends teams was inspiring to us and ultimately led us to partner with Gillette’s first esports team EDG, the top team in China and one that’s posed to break out on the global stage in 2017.” EDG has had unprecedented success in China the last few seasons and is on the cusp of breaking out on the international stage in 2017. The team has finished in the top-3 the last three LPL seasons, including an undefeated record (16-0) LPL Summer 2016 campaign. EDG is the defending Demacia Cup Champions, cementing their status as a dominant team in China. “It is an honor to be Gillette’s first esports team,” said David Ng, President of EDG. “For more than 100 years Gillette has been a leader in men’s grooming and has supported the best athletes and teams in the world. EDG is proud to join the brand’s prestigious roster and have its support moving forward.” For additional information on Gillette esports and EDG please follow Gillette’s social channels. About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit http://www.gillette.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts P&G Elena Barrientos Toro, +41 795 187 785 barrientostoro.e@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf P&G Chris Smith, +1 212-796-9814 Chris.Smith@Ketchum.com Release Summary Gillette is thrilled to announce EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand’s first ever global esports team partner. Contacts P&G Elena Barrientos Toro, +41 795 187 785 barrientostoro.e@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf P&G Chris Smith, +1 212-796-9814 Chris.Smith@Ketchum.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Gillette® Bolsters its esports Roster with EDward Gaming (EDG) Team Partnership BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Gillette is thrilled to announce EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand’s first ever global esports team partner. EDG will line up alongside iconic sport franchises FC Barcelona and the New England Patriots to round out Gillette’s portfolio of team partnerships and further highlight its dedication to athletes and teams in their pursuit of precision. Since entering the esports arena earlier this year as partners with ESL, the world’s largest esports company, through a sponsorship of the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship, Gillette has immersed itself into the gaming world and continues to expand its commitment to the industry through this exciting new partnership. EDG, comprised of Yang “Koro1” Tong (Top), Kai “Clearlove” Ming (Jungle), Yechan “Scout” Lee (Mid), Seong-min “Zet” Lee (ADC), Ye “Meiko” Tian (Support), Yuhao “Mouse” Chen (Top), Zhao “Fireloli” Zhiming (Jungle) and Minmin “Minn” Huang (Top), will support Gillette, and the shared value of precision, through a multitude of touchpoints over the coming months to bring fans closer to the action. “We’ve all read about the incredible growth of gaming, but it wasn’t until we partnered with xPeke and witnessed the thousands of devoted fans who packed the Spodek Arena during the IEM World Championship that we truly understood the incredible passion of the gaming community,” said John Mang, Vice President, Global Gillette. “The commitment to precision and performance under pressure displayed by professional League of Legends teams was inspiring to us and ultimately led us to partner with Gillette’s first esports team EDG, the top team in China and one that’s posed to break out on the global stage in 2017.” EDG has had unprecedented success in China the last few seasons and is on the cusp of breaking out on the international stage in 2017. The team has finished in the top-3 the last three LPL seasons, including an undefeated record (16-0) LPL Summer 2016 campaign. EDG is the defending Demacia Cup Champions, cementing their status as a dominant team in China. “It is an honor to be Gillette’s first esports team,” said David Ng, President of EDG. “For more than 100 years Gillette has been a leader in men’s grooming and has supported the best athletes and teams in the world. EDG is proud to join the brand’s prestigious roster and have its support moving forward.” For additional information on Gillette esports and EDG please follow Gillette’s social channels. About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit http://www.gillette.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Listing of bond loan issued by Swedavia AB on STO Corporate Bonds (345/17) Next PostNext VMware to Deliver VMware Horizon Cloud on Microsoft Azure Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,980 -2.19 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,170 +20.20 +0.33% S&P 500 2,401 -1.65 -0.07% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens lower by 0.8% to 12,704 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens lower by 0.7% at 5,368.46 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.4% at 7,491.28 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens lower by 0.5% at 393.86 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The pound faces these hurdles as it battles to reclaim $1.30 2:50 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures down 0.3% as U.S. stock futures drop 2:49 A.M. ET DAX 30, CAC 40 index futures down 0.5% as U.S. futures drop 2:46 A.M. ET Euro trading above $1.11 for first time since November 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion 3 ways Macron could change the eurozone for the better 2:38 A.M. ET Lloyds Bank returns to private ownership 2:37 A.M. ET Foxtons revenue falls 25%, but in line with view 2:23 A.M. ET ABN AMRO profit up 30%; progress made on targets 1:33 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures under pressure amid fresh concerns over Trump 1:00 A.M. ET June gold futures up $6.90, or 0.6%, to $1,243.30 an ounce 1:00 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures fall 25.25 points, or 0.4%, to 5,699 1:00 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 96 points, or 0.5%, to 20,839 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices under pressure amid fresh concerns about U.S. supply Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Gillette® Bolsters its esports Roster with EDward Gaming (EDG) Team Partnership By Published: May 16, 2017 8:15 a.m. ET Share The Top Chinese League of Legends Team joins Gillette’s Growing List of esports Partners which includes the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship and World-renowned Gamer Enrique “xPeke” Cedeño BOSTON, May 16, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Gillette is thrilled to announce EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand’s first ever global esports team partner. EDG will line up alongside iconic sport franchises FC Barcelona and the New England Patriots to round out Gillette’s portfolio of team partnerships and further highlight its dedication to athletes and teams in their pursuit of precision. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516005947/en/ Since entering the esports arena earlier this year as partners with ESL, the world’s largest esports company, through a sponsorship of the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship, Gillette has immersed itself into the gaming world and continues to expand its commitment to the industry through this exciting new partnership. EDG, comprised of Yang “Koro1” Tong (Top), Kai “Clearlove” Ming (Jungle), Yechan “Scout” Lee (Mid), Seong-min “Zet” Lee (ADC), Ye “Meiko” Tian (Support), Yuhao “Mouse” Chen (Top), Zhao “Fireloli” Zhiming (Jungle) and Minmin “Minn” Huang (Top), will support Gillette, and the shared value of precision, through a multitude of touchpoints over the coming months to bring fans closer to the action. “We’ve all read about the incredible growth of gaming, but it wasn’t until we partnered with xPeke and witnessed the thousands of devoted fans who packed the Spodek Arena during the IEM World Championship that we truly understood the incredible passion of the gaming community,” said John Mang, Vice President, Global Gillette. “The commitment to precision and performance under pressure displayed by professional League of Legends teams was inspiring to us and ultimately led us to partner with Gillette’s first esports team EDG, the top team in China and one that’s posed to break out on the global stage in 2017.” EDG has had unprecedented success in China the last few seasons and is on the cusp of breaking out on the international stage in 2017. The team has finished in the top-3 the last three LPL seasons, including an undefeated record (16-0) LPL Summer 2016 campaign. EDG is the defending Demacia Cup Champions, cementing their status as a dominant team in China. “It is an honor to be Gillette’s first esports team,” said David Ng, President of EDG. “For more than 100 years Gillette has been a leader in men’s grooming and has supported the best athletes and teams in the world. EDG is proud to join the brand’s prestigious roster and have its support moving forward.” For additional information on Gillette esports and EDG please follow Gillette’s social channels. About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit http://www.gillette.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516005947/en/ SOURCE: Procter & Gamble P&G Elena Barrientos Toro, +41 795 187 785 barrientostoro.e@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf P&G Chris Smith, +1 212-796-9814 Chris.Smith@Ketchum.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular This is one reason why the rich will get richer The shocking details you reveal about yourself when you ‘like’ things on Facebook This is the high-tech country to watch for clues on S&P 500 earnings Asian markets mostly down as dollar continues to fall How the Comey Uproar Threatens Trump's Agenda MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Business Mankind Pharma launches hypertension drug at Rs 7.5 per tablet Shares2 Tue, 16 May 2017-04:16pm , PTI Mankind Pharma today said it has launched anti-hypertensive drug Zolahart at an affordable price of Rs 7.50 per tablet. The company said the price of its product was 51 per cent lower than that of the other competitor drugs in the segment. "At Mankind, we endeavour to bring the latest innovative therapies with assured quality that address primary healthcare challenge in India-world class quality at an affordable price," Mankind Group chairman and founder R C Juneja said in a statement. * * * * * * Nivea India appoints Neil George as MD * Skin care major Nivea India today said it has appointed Neil George as the new Managing Director for India. George has taken over from Rakshit Hargave who was last year promoted to Senior VP, India, Sub Sahara Africa and Head Sales Beiersdorf Near East, the company said in a statement. NIVEA India, the subsidiary of Beiersdorf AG, Germany was launched in India in 2005. Neil has over 20 years of FMCG experience with P&G, Reckitt Benckiser, Diversey and in the last 5 years, been with Beiersdorf in varied senior marketing roles. "The attractive demographics of the country coupled with growing incomes of the emerging middle class and an extremely stable and reform focused Government make India one of the most exciting markets for Nivea to play," Neil said. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < After North Korea's missile test, China to back UN sanctions against the country   Comments   Also Read Business DNA Money Edit: Focus on electric vehicles a step in right direction Business Luxury apartments in Mumbai record 1.1% price growth Business Avoid ques, reduce turnaround time by claiming EPF online Business Biyani's fbb first Indian retail brand to venture overseas Business Where viewers go, brands will follow Business Hybrid MFs: Many funds in just one < Previous ArticleNext Article > After North Korea's missile test, China to back UN sanctions against the country Live Cricket Score Bangladesh vs New Zealand Wed, 17 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Related Ranbaxy whistleblower Dinesh Thakur takes India's health ministry, drug regulators to SC IBM sets up its 42nd public data centre in Chennai Pharma tycoons climb as stocks zoom Video WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra View all Tags Mankind Pharma Germany Reckitt Benckiser Nivea India Beiersdorf AG P&G SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News 'Trump scandals reaching Watergate size and scale' Greeks join nationwide strike over new round of bailout reforms Can women be given option of saying no to triple talaq: SC to Muslim Law Board Environment-friendly toilet with plastic bottles for school After CBI, Kapil Mishra takes war against Kejriwal to CBDT Sport Soccer-Arsenal players keen on Sanchez stay, says Koscielny We have accomplished what teams across the world only dream of, says Misbah Soccer-Man United's Rashford says has earned Mourinho praise Du Plessis expecting his first child with wife Imari Soccer-Sakho Palace move must make financial sense, says Parish Entertainment Salman charms with his innocence in 'The Radio Song' Check Pics: It's Deepika Padukone's FIRST DAY at Cannes and THIS is what the beauty is up to! Radhe Maa to play herself in her debut web series! Here's what Salman Khan has to say about the Radio Song from 'Tubelight' 'Friends' is never coming back: Co-creator Marta Kauffman Money Lendingkart Finance targets 300 pct growth by FY'18; aims nearly 650 cities Edelweiss Financial Q4 net rises 40 pc to Rs 170 cr Ezetap named #16 on CNBC disruptor 50 list @ 5/17/2017 11:44:50 AM Relief for employees? IBM India denies 'rumours' of mass layoffs UK PM May praises Birmingham's multi-faith Nishkam Primary School Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Baby Wipes Market Report Shows Analysis , Segmentation, Buying criteria, Product portfolio, Recent developments, Forecast to 2019 Baby Wipes Industry BABY WIPES Scope of the Report: 1) About this Report Baby wipes are made from non-woven fabrics and are saturated with a solution of gentle cleansing ingredients. They are typically sold in plastic tubs that keep them moist and allow for easy dispensing. TechNavio’s analysts forecast the Global Baby Wipes market to grow at a CAGR of 5.4 percent during the period 2014-2019.. . Covered in this Report This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Global Baby Wipes market for the period 2015-2019. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated through the sales of baby wipes worldwide. The Global Baby Wipes market is divided into the following segments based on technology: • Spunlace • Airlaid • Coform • Needlepunch • Composite • Others Request For Sample Report@ www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/38497-global-baby-w… TechNavio’s report, Global Baby Wipes Market 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers North America, Western Europe, the APAC region, and the ROW; it also covers the Global Baby Wipes market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Regions • APAC • North America • ROW • Western Europe Key Vendors • Johnson & Johnson • Kimberly-Clark • Procter & Gamble • Unicharm Other Prominent Vendors • Babisil • Cotton Babies • Farlin • Hengan • Himalayas Wellness • Pigeon Market Driver • Increased Awareness on Health and Hygiene • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Challenge • Declining Birth Rates in Developed Countries • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Trend • Emergence of Private-label Brands • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key Questions Answered in this Report • What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? For any Questions related to Baby Wipes you can contact us @ www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/38497-global-baby-wipes-ma… Key Regions • Americas • APAC • EMEA Key vendors • Bosch • Continental • Delphi • TRW Automotive Other prominent vendors • Autoliv • FLIR systems • Hella • Hyundai Mobis • Infineon Technologies • Toyoda Gosei Market driver • Growing demand for safety solutions • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Competitive positioning • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Steering toward driverless vehicles • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Complete Report: www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/38497-global-baby-wipes-ma… List of Abbreviations PART 01: Executive summary 02. List of Abbreviations 03. Scope of the Report 03.1 Market Overview 03.2 Product Offerings 04. Market Research Methodology 04.1 Market Research Process 04.2 Research Methodology 05. Introduction 06. Market Landscape 06.1 Global Baby Care Market: Market Overview 06.1.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.2 Global Wipes Market 06.2.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.3 Global Baby Wipes Market 06.3.1 Market Size and Forecast 06.4 Five Forces Analysis 07. Global Baby Wipes Market by Technology 07.1 Global Baby Wipes Market by Spunlace Technology 07.1.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.2 Global Baby Wipes Market by Airlaid Technology 07.2.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.3 Global Baby Wipes Market by Coform Technology 07.3.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.4 Global Baby Wipes Market by Needlepunch Technology 07.4.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.5 Global Baby Wipes Market by Composite Technology 07.5.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.6 Global Baby Wipes Market by Other Technologies 07.6.1 Market Size and Forecast 08. Geographical Segmentation 08.1 Baby Wipes Market in North America 08.1.1 Market Size and Forecast 08.2 Baby Wipes Market in Western Europe 08.2.1 Market Size and Forecast 08.3 Baby Wipes Market in APAC Region 08.3.1 Market Size and Forecast 08.4 Baby Wipes Market in ROW 08.4.1 Market Size and Forecast 09. Key Emerging Countries 10. Buying Criteria 11. Market Growth Drivers 12. Drivers and their Impact 13. Market Challenges 14. Impact of Drivers and Challenges 15. Market Trends 16. Trends and their Impact 17. Vendor Landscape 17.1 Competitive Scenario 17.2 Market Share Analysis 2014 17.3 Other Prominent Vendors 18. Key Vendor Analysis 18.1 Kimberly-Clark 18.1.1 Key Facts 18.1.2 Business Overview 18.1.3 Revenue by Business Segmentation 2013 18.1.4 Revenue by Business Segmentation 2012 and 2013 18.1.5 Sales by Geography 18.1.6 Business Strategy 18.1.7 Key Developments 18.1.8 SWOT Analysis 18.2 P&G 18.2.1 Key Facts 18.2.2 Business Overview 18.2.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 18.2.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 18.2.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 18.2.6 Business Strategy 18.2.7 Recent Developments 18.2.8 SWOT Analysis 18.3 Unicharm 18.3.1 Key Facts 18.3.2 Business Overview 18.3.3 Business Segmentation 18.3.4 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2014 18.3.5 Business Strategy 18.3.6 SWOT Analysis 18.4 Johnson & Johnson 18.4.1 Key Facts 18.4.2 Business Overview 18.4.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 18.4.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 18.4.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 18.4.6 Business Strategy 18.4.7 Recent Developments 18.4.8 SWOT Analysis 19. Other Prominent Vendors 19.1 Babisil 19.2 Cotton Babies 19.3 Farlin 19.4 Hengan 19.5 Himalaya Wellness 19.6 Pigeon Continued…………… Visit to our official website on Linkedin@ goo.gl/CQPn5j CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every category and an even more comprehensive collection of research reports under these categories and sub-categories Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Garden Tools Industry: Global Trend, Profit, and Key Manufacturers Analysis Report Next PostNext Bone Grafts and Substitutes 2017 Global Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Profenofos Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Ortho toluidine Market: Global Macroeconomic Environment Analysis, Outlook, & Forecast 2017-2022 RegEd Reaches New Milestone with More than 250,000 Registered Reps Reporting Outside Business Activities and Compliance Disclosures Through its Enterprise Platform Pendimethalin Market: Global Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Pomerantz Law Firm Announces the Filing of a Class Action against Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. and Certain Officers – DKS RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Latest Report on 2017 Power Toothbrush Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study Global Power Toothbrush Industry Latest Report on Power Toothbrush Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study The Global Power Toothbrush market is estimated to reach 2.3 Billion USD in 2017. On the basis of region, Europe is the largest market segment of Power Toothbrush, followed by North America and China. In the report, HeyReport says Online dominates the largest Channel share in 2017. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of type, channel, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc. Based on products type, the report describes major products type share of regional market. Products mentioned as follows:  By Type Battery Toothbrush Rechargeable Toothbrush Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1283972-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-2011-2022 Based on region, the report describes major regions market by products and application. Regions mentioned as follows:  Europe North America China Japan & Korea Based on Channel, the report describes major Channel share of regional market. Channel mentioned as follows:  Online In-store Leading vendors in the market are included based on profile, business performance etc. Vendors mentioned as follows:  P&G Philips Panasonic Colgate-Palmolive WaterPik Omron Lion Corporation Arm & Hammer Ningbo seago Lebond RisunTechnology If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1283972-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-2011-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Market Overview 1.1 Objectives of Research 1.1.1 Definition 1.1.2 Specifications 1.2 Market Segment 1.2.1 by Type 1.2.1.1 Battery Toothbrush 1.2.1.2 Rechargeable Toothbrush 1.2.2 by Channel 1.2.2.1 Online 1.2.2.2 In-store 1.2.3 by Regions For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @     https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1283972-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-2011-2022 2 Industry Chain 2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.3 Market 2.3.1 SWOT 2.3.2 Dynamics 3 Environmental Analysis 3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry 4 Market Segmentation by Type 4.1 Market Size 4.1.1 Global Battery Toothbrush Market, 2011-2016 4.1.2 Global Rechargeable Toothbrush Market, 2011-2016 4.2 Market Forecast 4.2.1 Global Battery Toothbrush Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.2 Global Rechargeable Toothbrush Market Forecast, 2017-2022 Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsglobal power toothbrush industry, global power toothbrush market, global power toothbrush market trends, Pharamaceutical, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceutical Market, power toothbrush, power toothbrush growth, power toothbrush industry, power toothbrush industry trends, power toothbrush manufacturer, power toothbrush market growth, power toothbrush market size, power toothbrush market trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Internet Polyglot Steve Kaufmann Reaches 100,000 YouTube Subscribers Next PostNext Hilton Pattaya Participates in Hiltons Largest Annual Global Career Initiative Search Recent Posts Riassunto: L’avanzata soluzione Limelight Orchestrate Platform offre un’imbattibile esperienza di visione in internet Oxytocic Pharmaceutical Market Forecast to 2022 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis Polyfilm Market Key Players, Product and Production Information analysis and forecast to 2022 Marine Propulsion Engine Market Dynamics, Comprehensive Analysis, Business Growth, Prospects and Opportunities 2017-2022 Cassia Gum Market 2017 – Strategy Resources, Supply and Forecasts to 2021 RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Tue, May 16 2017. 05 10 AM IST Everstone Group, CPPIB set up logistics joint venture IndoSpace Core Canadian pension fund CPPIB will initially commit $500 million to own a significant stake in the proposed joint venture with Everstone—IndoSpace Core Subscribe to our newsletter. Anuradha Choudhary Sameer Sain, co-founder and managing partner of Everstone Group. Photo: Mint Mumbai: Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) and Everstone Group’s industrial and logistics real estate development platform, IndoSpace, have formed a joint venture named IndoSpace Core to acquire and develop modern logistics facilities in India, according to a statement on Monday. The Canadian pension fund will initially commit approximately $500 million and own a significant stake in the proposed joint venture. IndoSpace Capital Asia will manage the new entity. “IndoSpace Core’s first tranche of $500 million plus the options and appetite to acquire further pipeline assets make this one of the largest commitments not only in the logistics sector but also within the overall real estate space. We will continue to retain full management control of all IndoSpace assets and provide better and higher quality service to all our national tenants,” Sameer Sain, co-founder and managing partner of Everstone Group, told Mint. He added that the combination of expertise and a strong macro environment, including Make in India, the goods and services tax (GST) rollout and growth in e-commerce, will provide significant opportunities for this joint venture. Mint was the first to report as early as August last year that Singapore’s Temasek Holdings Pte and GIC Pte, Canada’s CPPIB and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority are in advanced talks to invest in Everstone Group’s $2 billion real estate investment trust (REIT) offer. IndoSpace is a joint venture between Everstone Group and US-based Realterm. Everstone is a private equity and real estate firm that focuses on India and South-east Asia, with over $3.3 billion of assets under management. “In the first tranche, IndoSpace Core will buy ready assets of approx 10 million sq. ft. for about $500 million. Over the next 36-40 months, IndoSpace Core has the option to acquire an additional 15-20 million sq. ft, which will take their overall investment to approximately $1.3 billion,” said a person privy to the matter, speaking on condition of anonymity. Additionally, the IndoSpace platform, which has so far raised $584 million across two funds to invest in building logistics parks, will raise its third warehousing and logistics fund of about $650 million, in which CPPIB will inject $100 million, this person added. The first fund—IndoSpace Logistics Park I—was raised in 2009 with a corpus of $240 million. IndoSpace Logistics Park II was raised in 2014 with a corpus of $344 million. IndoSpace Core has decided to acquire 13 industrial and logistics parks, totalling approximately 14 million sq. ft, from current IndoSpace development funds, the statement said. The assets are prime industrial properties located in the top industrial and logistics hubs in India, including Chennai, Pune, Mumbai, Delhi and Bengaluru. “The strong fundamentals underlying the Indian manufacturing and retail sectors and growth in e-commerce, combined with the low stock of high-quality modern industrial real estate in the country, make this a compelling investment opportunity for a long-term investor like CPPIB,” said Andrea Orlandi, managing director and head of real estate investments, Europe, CPPIB. The Indian industrial and logistics warehousing industry is in its infancy and is growing rapidly, making it attractive for investors. The GST, set to be rolled out. in July and big endorsements for “Make in India” are some of the key reasons for the massive inflow into the country’s logistics space, industry experts said. The venture also has the option to acquire an existing pipeline worth about $700 million as well as participate in a future development pipeline. Touted as the biggest taxation reform since Independence, GST will subsume central excise, service tax, value-added tax and other local levies to create a uniform market. It will bring changes in transportation of goods and will benefit logistics companies as there will be one tax rate across the country. Also, the movement of goods will be easier, resulting in consolidation of logistics systems for companies. In February last year, IndoSpace said it plans to invest $1 billion in India over the next five years to take its total investment to $1.75 billion, which will increase IndoSpace’s development pipeline from 20 million sq. ft to 50 million sq. ft. Its tenants include companies such as Amazon, L’Oreal, Procter and Gamble, Nissan, PepsiCo, DHL, Leoni, Steelcase, Kubota, Ericsson, Bosch, Delphi, Caterpillar, Adidas and Asian Paints. In his last budget speech, Union finance minister Arun Jaitley said, “An effective multi-modal logistics and transport sector will make our economy more competitive. A specific programme for development of multi-modal logistics parks, together with multi-modal transport facilities, will be drawn up and implemented.” As part of its ambitious multi-modal programme to reduce logistics costs and make the economy competitive, the government proposes the setting up of 35 multi-modal logistics parks at an investment of Rs50,000 crore, the development of 50 economic corridors and an investment template that involves roping in the states and the private sector for setting up special vehicles for implementation. CPPIB is bullish on India as an investment destination. The Canadian pension fund, which opened its investment office in India in October 2015, recently announced its decision to invest as much as $250 million in Island Star Mall Developers Pvt. Ltd, a unit of Phoenix Mills Ltd. According to real estate consulting firm JLL India, 2017 is likely to see the highest quantum of mall space becoming operational in the country, second to 2011. As of 31 December 2016, CPPIB had assets worth C$298.1 billion, and has committed about $3.7 billion in India so far. Anuradha Choudhary Topics: Everstone Group CPPIB joint venture logistics sector IndoSpace Core More From Livemint READ MORE Global gold prices shine as Donald Trump’s mounting troubles hurt dollar Great Eastern Energy to invest $1 billion on natural gas, shale SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? First Published: Mon, May 15 2017. 06 30 PM IST Editor's Picks CBI, I-T raids on Lalu Prasad, Chidambaram revive corruption debate Airtel-Tikona deal: Reliance Jio asks telecom dept to withhold clearance Maruti Suzuki CEO questions govt’s ambitious electric vehicle plans Latest News Global gold prices shine as Donald Trump’s mounting troubles hurt dollar Great Eastern Energy to invest $1 billion on natural gas, shale SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? Cannes Film Festival 2017: A to Z IAS officer Anurag Tiwari found dead near guest house in Lucknow Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Grey Celebrates 100 Years And The Colorful, Diverse Minds Of Their 5,000 Employees New "Brain Portrait" Logo Represents the Global Network's Range of Creative Perspectives and Solutions in Creating Famously Effective Work News provided by Grey 16 May, 2017, 12:42 ET Share this article NEW YORK, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Grey – the advertising agency that invented "Leave the Driving to Us" for Greyhound, created the E*TRADE baby, and more recently made your hearts melt with Pantene "DadDos" – is celebrating 100 years. Rising from a one-room, one-man operation to Global Agency of the Year, Grey is kicking off this monumental achievement with a global summit and the reveal of a new visual identity for the entirety of the 2017 Centennial year.  Last night, 200 agency leaders from around the world came together at the Whitney Museum to begin a week-long series of activities that look at the legacy of Grey and discuss the future of advertising. At the dinner, Jim Heekin, Chairman and CEO, and Michael Houston, Global President revealed a new commemorative logo to celebrate this legacy: a remarkable combination of design and technology that celebrates the colorful minds of its 5,000 employees by scanning their brainwaves and turning them into art. "As Grey turns 100, we want to celebrate our individual and collective creativity, the power of diverse minds colliding to create new and beautiful things," said Michael Houston, Grey's Global President. "Our new logo represents the power of our diverse and colorful minds and the people whose ideas have made Grey into a leader in creativity." The logo was created using a 3D-printed bio-sensing, brainwave-monitoring headset. The headsets read electrical activity as employees worked on real briefs and a custom algorithm then generated colorful images of these brainwaves that Grey termed "Brain Portraits." Each portrait was unique, but many of them were combined to create the new Centennial logo, integrating global employees' readings into the final product, which represents the diversity of thought that fuels our creativity. The headsets were shipped to Grey's offices around the world, including Australia, Brazil, China, Germany, Peru, Singapore, South Africa, and the UK. The Centennial celebration kick off will also include the debut of a book on the history of the agency's first century, a global leadership summit with speaker Martine Rothblatt, a gala dinner at Madison Square Park – hosted by actress and singer Jane Krakowski, and future-facing announcements.  About Grey     Grey is the advertising network of Grey Group, which is led by James R. Heekin III, Chairman and CEO. Grey Group ranks among the largest global communications companies. Its parent company is WPP (NASDAQ : WPPGY).  Under the banner of "Grey Famously Effective Since 1917," the agency serves a blue-chip roster of many of the world's best known companies: Procter & Gamble, GlaxoSmithKline, Kellogg's, Pfizer, Canon, NFL, Boehringer Ingelheim, Marriott Hotels & Resorts, Nestle, Papa John's and T.J. Maxx. Grey was named ADWEEK's "Global Agency of the Year" for 2015. (www.grey.com) Contact:                                                                           Owen Dougherty                                                                    212-546-2551 owen.dougherty@grey.com Ryan Hallett 212-546-2598 ryan.hallett@grey.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/grey-celebrates-100-years-and-the-colorful-diverse-minds-of-their-5000-employees-300458575.html SOURCE Grey Related Links http://www.grey.com 03 May, 2017, 16:48 ET Preview: John Patroulis Joins Grey As Worldwide Chief Creative Officer My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 05 Apr, 2017, 10:29 ET John Patroulis Joins Grey As Worldwide Chief Creative Officer 05 Apr, 2017, 10:29 ET Grey Group Chooses Centrespread As Its Lead Agency In Nigeria Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Advertising Art Entertainment You just read: Grey Celebrates 100 Years And The Colorful, Diverse Minds Of Their 5,000 Employees News provided by Grey 16 May, 2017, 12:42 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
DAX ®12.804,53-0,02%TecDAX ®2.231,39+0,23%S&P FUTURE2.383,60-0,56%Nasdaq 100 Future5.697,50-0,47% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt BUSINESS WIRE: Gillette® Bolsters its esports Roster with EDward Gaming (EDG) Team Partnership 16.05.2017 - 14:15 | Quelle: Business_Wire MITTEILUNG UEBERMITTELT VON BUSINESS WIRE. FUER DEN INHALT IST ALLEIN DAS BERICHTENDE UNTERNEHMEN VERANTWORTLICH. The Top Chinese League of Legends Team joins Gillette’s Growing List of esports Partners which includes the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship and World-renowned Gamer Enrique “xPeke” Cedeño BOSTON --(BUSINESS WIRE)-- 16.05.2017 -- Gillette is thrilled to announce EDward Gaming (EDG), the top Chinese League of Legends team in the world, as the brand’s first ever global esports team partner. EDG will line up alongside iconic sport franchises FC Barcelona and the New England Patriots to round out Gillette’s portfolio of team partnerships and further highlight its dedication to athletes and teams in their pursuit of precision. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516005947/en/ Since entering the esports arena earlier this year as partners with ESL, the world’s largest esports company, through a sponsorship of the Intel® Extreme Masters (IEM) World Championship, Gillette has immersed itself into the gaming world and continues to expand its commitment to the industry through this exciting new partnership. EDG, comprised of Yang “Koro1” Tong (Top), Kai “Clearlove” Ming (Jungle), Yechan “Scout” Lee (Mid), Seong-min “Zet” Lee (ADC), Ye “Meiko” Tian (Support), Yuhao “Mouse” Chen (Top), Zhao “Fireloli” Zhiming (Jungle) and Minmin “Minn” Huang (Top), will support Gillette, and the shared value of precision, through a multitude of touchpoints over the coming months to bring fans closer to the action. “We’ve all read about the incredible growth of gaming, but it wasn’t until we partnered with xPeke and witnessed the thousands of devoted fans who packed the Spodek Arena during the IEM World Championship that we truly understood the incredible passion of the gaming community,” said John Mang, Vice President, Global Gillette. “The commitment to precision and performance under pressure displayed by professional League of Legends teams was inspiring to us and ultimately led us to partner with Gillette’s first esports team EDG, the top team in China and one that’s posed to break out on the global stage in 2017.” EDG has had unprecedented success in China the last few seasons and is on the cusp of breaking out on the international stage in 2017. The team has finished in the top-3 the last three LPL seasons, including an undefeated record (16-0) LPL Summer 2016 campaign. EDG is the defending Demacia Cup Champions, cementing their status as a dominant team in China. “It is an honor to be Gillette’s first esports team,” said David Ng, President of EDG. “For more than 100 years Gillette has been a leader in men’s grooming and has supported the best athletes and teams in the world. EDG is proud to join the brand’s prestigious roster and have its support moving forward.” For additional information on Gillette esports and EDG please follow Gillette’s social channels. About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit http://www.gillette.com. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516005947/en/ P&G Elena Barrientos Toro, +41 795 187 785 barrientostoro.e@pg.com or Ketchum on behalf P&G Chris Smith, +1 212-796-9814 Chris.Smith@Ketchum.com Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 16.05. Rekordlauf an der Börse geht weiter 16.05. Brexit-Beschluss bringt Vodafone Milliardenverlust 16.05. INDEXÄNDERUNG/Elmos,Hapag Lloyd,Rocket Internet neu im MSCI Small Cap 16.05. Warnsignal im US-Transportindex – Ist die Rallye bald am Ende? 16.05. Konflikt um Metall-Arbeitszeit spitzt sich zu weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Business_Wire Datum Meldung 08:30 BUSINESS WIRE: Si chiude la fase di pre-ordine di FoxMiners, le unità sono pronte per la consegna 08:30 BUSINESS WIRE: Frist für Vorbestellungen bei FoxMiners geht zu Ende, Artikel können ausgeliefert werden 06:03 BUSINESS WIRE: Meggitt Training Systems startet dreimonatige Produktdemonstration für NATO-Streitkräfte in Italien 05:06 BUSINESS WIRE: International Fund for Houbara Conservation erhält Ehrenauszeichnung auf Fes Meknes Economic Forum in Marokko 02:47 BUSINESS WIRE: Meggitt Training Systems avvia un periodo di dimostrazione dei suoi prodotti della durata di tre mesi per le forze della NATO in Italia Topthemen Datum Meldung 08:05 VW muss mehr als halbe Million Autos zurückrufen 05:14 Deutsche Börse stellt sich Aktionären 16.05. Rekordlauf an der Börse geht weiter 16.05. E-Autos: SPD kritisiert Absage an Millionen-Ziel bis 2020 16.05. Brexit-Beschluss bringt Vodafone Milliardenverlust weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 08:03 boerse.ARD.de ADO im Wachstumsmodus 07:45 boerse.ARD.de Dax: Trump, der Börsenschreck!? 16.05. boerse.ARD.de Noch ein Rekordhoch 16.05. Zahlen des Verbands BVI: Anleger kaufen Mischfonds und Aktien-ETF 16.05. boerse.ARD.de Rekordfahrt ausgebremst zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Advanzia-Tagesgeld mit 1,00% p.a.! |1,00% p.a. aufs Tagesgeld bei monatlicher Zinsgutschrift! |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank |Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Die Bahn will in den kommenden Jahren auf digitale Tickets via Handy umstellen. Gute Idee? Ja, wird auch Zeit. Nein, mir ist nicht wohl bei dem Gedanken. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
