My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Thursday, May 25, 2017 Kingston, ON 20° A few clouds Sponsored by: Haven Home ClimateCare Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Features Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form More Local Ontario Canada World News Local P&G plant still important: official By Luke Hendry, The Intelligencer Wednesday, May 24, 2017 2:36:29 EDT PM The Procter and Gamble site in Brockville is pictured on March 31, 2016, (DARCY CHEEK/The Recorder and Times) Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error Belleville's Procter and Gamble plant “remains an important site” for the company and is not currently part of an internal review which has led to the closure of the Brockville plant, a company spokesman says. Company officials announced Wednesday in Brockville the plant in that city will close in late 2020 or early 2021. It employs 480 people. Procter and Gamble spokesman Jeff LeRoy said in a statement the company will try to accommodate Brockville staff who are willing to relocate to a new site in West Virginia. The plant in Belleville's Northeast Industrial Park, meanwhile, employs about 800 people full-time. Its main focus is the Always brand of feminine-care products. The company is a major supporter of charity projects. Employees' workplace campaigns are, for example, deliver the largest sole donations to the United Way of Quinte's annual campaigns. In an e-mail to The Intelligencer, LeRoy said the company is redesigning its North American supply network and “we’ve been very public about studying” it for about four years. “It is about transforming the way P&G goes to market to better serve our consumers,” he wrote. “Belleville is not currently a part of that study and remains an important site in our North American supply network.” Belleville's economic development manager, Karen Poste, said she and Mayor Taso Christopher meet regularly with company staff “to ensure the community is doing what is needed to support the Belleville operation.” Procter and Gamble is currently building an addition to the plant, she wrote, “and I believe the Belleville operation is one of the most efficient in the world. “We know that often these sourcing decisions cannot be influenced by the local community and it is devastating to hear when an Ontario community is impacted by one,” she wrote via e-mail. “I know these sourcing studies are a continual process for P&G world wide and it seems there is always a review being undertaken to ensure the maximum efficiency of all operations. “We will never take a P&G presence in Belleville for granted,” she added. “We will work with our friends in Brockville through the Ontario East partnership to help them promote the building to a new business when the time is right.” lhendry@postmedia.com * Brockville story: http://www.recorder.ca/2017/05/24/pg-closing-in-brockville  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » 55+ & Seniors RUST CHECK Real Estate Bob & Sue Joy Grocery/Market Bob's Butcher Shop Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The Kingston Whig-Standard Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options Kingston View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The Kingston Whig-Standard Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Curling Other Sports Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Homes Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Features City Notices My Flyers Autonet Homes Extra Grand Theatre Fundraising Campaign Real-Estate Directories Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The Kingston Whig-Standard Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The Kingston Whig-Standard. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Skip to main content asia one Latest Singapore Malaysia China Asia World MORE All Sections BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT TRAVEL DIGITAL FOOD HEALTH WOMEN Lottery Results Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter Follow Us Latest Singapore Malaysia China Asia World Business Showbiz Health Food Here are the top 10 companies that Singaporeans are dying to work for Retaining the top spot, Google now resides in a sprawling new Asia Pacific HQ in Singapore which opened just last year, and they are using the country as a hub to reach out to the region through research and development of existing and upcoming products. PHOTO: AFP M. Shazni Vulcan Post May 25, 2017 Ask any Singaporeans about their dream job and chances are, they would have dropped some familiar company names. Well, Jobstreet Singapore seeks to quantify these opinions, and are once again back with their annual Top Companies Survey, where some 1,200 participants were involved to help the job portal in their search for the 10 companies that Singaporeans wish to work for. Jobstreet Reveals The Top 10 Companies Singaporeans Want To Work For In the search for the Top Companies of the Year, companies were pegged on three underlying factors that employees tend to consider when searching for their next job - career development opportunities and basic salary, calibre of management and leadership team, work environment as well as company culture. Without further ado, here are the top 10 companies - in ascending order: 10. IBM As expected, American tech companies are a recurring theme in the list. First, we have IBM at the 10th spot. This multinational tech company replaces Keppel Corporation from last year's list to round off the top companies of 2017. While they are a name that consumers don't identify with anymore, businesses all over the world are still dependent on their portfolio of products - hardware, software, infrastructure, and cloud computing solutions. 9. Procter & Gamble and DBS Bank Making a comeback this year is American home and consumer hygiene manufacturer Procter & Gamble, which has successfully retained its spot from last year. While they continue to have a strong presence as a preferred employer locally and overseas, they are joined by DBS Bank for joint 9th this year. Being Euromoney's world's best digital bank and Aon Hewitt's leading employer in Asia, DBS is changing the way we look at banks. Besides just empowering employees with fulfilling careers, they are on a mission to create an environment where employees feel connected and valued as they progress in their career within the bank. They also have a holistic suite of people initiatives in place to help equip staff to be the best, and be the change and difference that they can be at every stage of their lives. Photo: Reuters 8. ExxonMobil This oil and gas corporation has a long history in our little island - all 120 years of it. With more than S$20 billion worth of assets in Singapore alone, ExxonMobil is one of the country's largest foreign investors. Singapore is also home to the company's largest integrated refining and petrochemical complex in the world, with a refinery that is churning out an amazing 592,000 barrels per day. Unfortunately though, they slipped two places in the rankings from their place last year, dropping from 6th to 8th. Photo: The Straits Times 7. Changi Airport Group We have the best airport in the world, so it's no surprise that there's an equally capable company running it behind the scenes. Changi Airport Group comes a place higher in 2017, taking them to 7th from 8th spot. They were also listed as the most attractive employer in 2016 by Randstad, which ranked them highly in areas like financial health, training, long-term job security, management, working atmosphere and environmental and social awareness. Photo: Reuters 6. Shell Descending one spot from their placing last year is the other oil and gas giant. Shell drops to 5th from 6th, but still retains its allure as one of the top companies that Singaporeans would want to work for. They were voted as the most attractive energy industry employer in 2015 in Asia by Universum. If you're a engineering or chemical engineering graduate, chances are, Shell is a company very familiar to you with their many initiatives with schools in Singapore. Shell also has progressive policies in place to create an inclusive environment in and out of the workplace. They have a flexi-working scheme that provides a range of options like flexible hours, compressed workweeks, part-time work and job sharing. Photo: The New Paper 5. Microsoft We talked about Bill Gates just yesterday; and if you didn't already know, here's the company he co-founded. Leaping two spots from 7th last year, Microsoft now occupies the 5th spot in 2017. The tech giant's Windows operating system continues to be a driving force for the company, and under current CEO Satya Nadella, the company is also bringing their hardware game to the next level with their Surface line of computers. If you have the opportunity to work at Microsoft, you'll be able to develop new products that can eventually have a global influence. Photo: The Straits Times 4. Singapore Airlines We are proud of our award-winning airport, and we are equally proud of our national airline as well. Having been inducted into the Randstad Hall of Fame in 2015 (a distinction that only 3 companies worldwide have) after being voted the most attractive company in Singapore from 2012 and 2014, it's no surprise that they're on this list as well. The airline was also named by Skytrax in 2016 as the best airline in Asia. This is a company that has always ranked high among Singaporeans - many have dreamt to be the venerable Singapore Girl, or the pilots sitting in the cockpit. Photo: Reuters 3. Apple Dropping from 2nd to 3rd, we have Apple, who are in the midst of preparing for the grand opening of their first-ever store in Singapore and Southeast Asia. They are known for their excessive attention to detail and an obsession to guard its innovative secrets, but once you get past that, you will see why Apple ranks highly as the company anyone wants to work for anywhere in the world. As an employee, you will work with like-minded individuals to create products that matter. It also helps that once you have the world's most valuable company on your resume, you will not need to look long for a job should you decide to leave. Photo: Reuters 2. Facebook Coming up two notches from last year's ranking is Facebook. There's no running away from the Facebook site and app. Led by Mark Zuckerberg, the company is making inroads to take over the world. Towards the end of 2016, Glassdoor ranked the company as the best place to work in tech. If you've noticed with these tech companies, having employees involved in work that has wide-scale impact seems to come out tops each time. And with Facebook being one of the world's most used app, you can be sure that you will have a hand at a global change. In the office, the company focuses on the strengths of employees based on what they love doing, what they are great at, and what Facebook actually needs. Their unique "Builder" culture helps to push the boundaries for positive change, where employees regularly gather to "hack" problems, create new ideas, and continuously improve the products they are building. Photo: AFP 1. Google Well, were you expecting someone else? Retaining the top spot, Google now resides in a sprawling new Asia Pacific HQ in Singapore which opened just last year, and they are using the country as a hub to reach out to the region through research and development of existing and upcoming products. If Google is at the top of your list, chances are, we don't have to say much to convince you that the tech company is arguably one of the best places to carve out a career. Aside from just looking for experienced individuals to join their Singapore team, they are also sowing the seeds for future generations with local initiatives like Code in the Community, where they sponsor free coding class for kids from underprivileged backgrounds. Just In Time For Graduation Season It's no secret that Singaporean millennials are well-educated and discerning. Not simply wanting a job, they seek a career that can help chart new milestones as their careers advance, all while feeling that the work they do carry a degree of impact and meaning. As this year's graduates prepare for their first big step into their future, having a dream company to work towards may just be enough motivation for them to carefully chart out their careers. More aboutjobs Careers news POST Purchase this article for republication. SHOPPING Truffle Any Food You Love Now! Bluetooth Wall Echo Speaker Bar Only $50! Enjoy Healthy Smoothie On The Go Only At $29.90! 100% Original Remax Power Bank On Sale! BRANDINSIDER SPONSORED Most Read Your daily good stuff - AsiaOne stories delivered straight to your inbox By signing up, you agree to our Privacy policy and Terms and Conditions. Submit Loading... Your daily good stuff - AsiaOne stories delivered straight to your inbox By signing up, you agree to our Privacy policy and Terms and Conditions. Submit About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Content Partners Berita Harian BrandInsider Female herworldPLUS Home & Decor Hardware Zone Luxury Insider Men's Health SilverKris Simply Her SG Travellers sgCarMart STOMP tabla! The Business Times The New Paper The Peak The Straits Times Torque Young Parents Lianhe Zao Bao SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198408262E. Terms & Conditions Personal Data Protection Statement
Friend on Facebook Follow on Twitter Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Headlines Crime Vehicle Accidents & Natural Disasters Food & Nutrition Paleo Princess Kristin Blasiak Finance Money Health & Wellness GREEN News Obituaries Community Announcements Community Calender Legal Notices Cornwall Akwesasne Canada Brockville ON Alexandria ON Kingston Counties of SD&G Ingleside ON Ottawa Morrisburg ON Politics Cornwall Area Politics 11th Councilor Ontario Provincial Politics FEDERAL Politics Eastern Ontario Politics Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor POLLS Entertainment Sports Hollywood Movie Reviews Television Music Arts Regional Arts & Culture Book Reviews Fiction Photo of the Day Dirty Town Under a Crooked Bridge Online Gaming Dining Out Dining in Cornwall Ontario Wines & Living Tourism Restaurant Menus Resto Reviews Special Offers Shopping & Money Shopping in Cornwall Small Business Mission Statement & Contact Us Weather Alerts & Announcements P&G Swiffers Jobs in Brockville – 500 Jobs to Be Lost by 2020 MAY 24, 2017 By admin on May 24, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post CORNWALL ONTARIO –  It’s ironic.  Even though Brockville is very different than Cornwall Ontario there’s a certain snooty nasty Eastern Ontario Conservativeness that exists there.   Brockville loves to look down their noses at Cornwall and many times there’s cause. Ironically it’s how MPP Steve Clark originally cot into power as Brockville mayor (he served for 9 years before becoming MPP) ; fighting off the old ignorant stodginess that he seems to now have embraced after spending his career on the public teat. However now Brockville is going to go through the pain that Cornwall did when we lost our anchor industries as Proctor and Gamble is shutting down killing 500 irreplaceable jobs over the next three years.  It actually makes little sense as the Canuck Buck is trading highly favorable to the US dollar.  The plant is moving to West Virginia and not Mexico. While the employees of the Brockville site were informed of the company’s decision at a morning meeting it really isn’t a surprise. The decision reeks of Trumpism and the call to bring the jobs home as NAFTA talks are about to re-open. P&G are saying all the right corp speak sayings. Jeff LeRoy from P&G said:  “We are working hard so that we can find another position for as many employees as possible within P&G if they are willing to relocate. “There are no guarantees and we can make no promises, but this is the goal we have. The P&G plant in Belleville apparently is staying open which might be good news for some of the Brockville workers. The bottom line is that Brockville area politicians knew this was coming, but it seems very little has been done to prepare for the huge job losses which could end up seeing people move away from the city? Are you one of our amazing Brockville CFN viewers?  What do you think and how will it impact your city? You can post your comments below.   brockville, economic development, headlines, job losses, P&G, steve clark P&G Swiffers Jobs in Brockville – 500 Jobs to Be Lost by 2020 MAY 24, 2017 added by admin on May 24, 2017 View all posts by admin → Related Post Sexual Assault With Knife in Cornwall Ontario &#82… No We Really Don’t Need Fireworks Sales in C… Will the Ottawa Sens Move to Quebec City? by Jamie… #OPP Charge Thunder Bay Chief of Police J.P. Leves… Cornwall Ontario Police Blotter for MAY 23, 2017 Cornwall Police Charge CAYLUM WOODS Cornwall Squar… Mayor & MP’s Picnic All Wet – MP … FOUND #OPP AMBER ALERT Eva Kaminski 2 – Rain… Chapters Pulls Ottawa Radio Personality Lowell Gre… Tractor Trailer Driver DAVID PRONOVOST of Quebec C… Comment policy reminder CFN has a new comment policy. You must use your real first and last name. As well if your email bounces we will terminate your posting privileges. We value all input from our amazing CFN viewers and are always trying to improve the viewer experience which includes making this a safe, informative, and entertaining platform. If you have any questions please email info@cornwallfreenews.com Since you’re here … … we’ve got a small favour to ask. More people are reading the Cornwall Free News than ever, but far fewer are paying for it.  Advertising revenues across media are falling fast. And unlike some other news organisations, we haven’t put up a paywall – we want to keep our journalism open to all. So you can see why we need to ask for your help. CFN’s independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our perspective matters – because it might well be your perspective, too. If everyone who reads our reporting, who likes it, helps to support it, our future would be much more secure.  Please click the donate button below. Leave a Reply Be the First to Comment! Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments 400 400 Polls Should Cornwall Ontario Allow Retail Firework Sales? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Click to EAT! The Weather Network Recent Comments jules on Paying it Forward & Why Good Deeds Are Important – by Jamie Gilcig MAY 23, 2017 jules on No Elaine, Taxes are Never a GOOD Thing by Jamie Gilcig MAY 16, 2017 jules on No We Really Don’t Need Fireworks Sales in Cornwall Ontario by Jamie Gilcig MAY 24, 2017 jules on No We Really Don’t Need Fireworks Sales in Cornwall Ontario by Jamie Gilcig MAY 24, 2017 wayne winter on FREE GARAGE SALE Listings on The Cornwall Free News MAY 17, 2017 admin on No We Really Don’t Need Fireworks Sales in Cornwall Ontario by Jamie Gilcig MAY 24, 2017 Ryan. Blocker on No We Really Don’t Need Fireworks Sales in Cornwall Ontario by Jamie Gilcig MAY 24, 2017 headlinescornwall ontariopolice blottercrimeoppccpsottawaopscity councilmarijuanagilcigriver kingshot newskilgerSD&Gweathersouth stormont2014 electioncorruptioncpscfntrudeaulnahtorontonhlharperkingstonteaserseniorscollisionliberalsexual assaulthawkesburyhabskpsfraudbrockvillesnowmontrealbob kilgerhockeycornwallsiupoliticsbrock frost Polls Does Ontario Need Four School Boards? Yes, absolutely. The Status Quo is awesome! Religion should not be a part of schooling. Separate school and state. We should not have boards based on language. Have one English board and one French. Have one public, and one Catholic. View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Polls Should CFN Eliminate Viewer Comments? Yes No Limit them. View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Restaurant Menus Resto Reviews Special Offers Shopping & Money Shopping in Cornwall Small Business Mission Statement & Contact Us Weather Alerts & Announcements All Rights Reserved 2009-2016 Log in - Powered by WordPress - Gabfire Themes
jezebel Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video TWSS The Muse Pictorial The Slot Dirt Bag Shade Court barf bag Welcome to the Razor Wars Kelly FairclothYesterday 12:50pm Filed to: shaving gillette men's dollars schick 99 1 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Photo via Getty Images. Picture yourself in the razor aisle at CVS. Cast your mind’s eye upon the plethora of options. Perhaps you have a preference; perhaps you buy whatever strikes your fancy on any random Tuesday after work. Either way, it is probably not the most important moment of your week. Now, imagine the hushed offices where the decisions are made that put all those ultimately inconsequential options on the shelves. Those offices are being rocked to their very foundations. In a story urgently headlined, “Gillette Faces New Attack From an Old Razor Rival,” the Wall Street Journal reports that Schick is starting its very own online razor subscription service in hopes of siphoning off customers Dollar Shave Club-style:  Edgewell Personal Care Co., maker of Schick, the No. 2 U.S. brand, is mounting a direct challenge to the Procter & Gamble Co. unit with an online subscription service that sells blades that fit on a Gillette handle but cost less. “Men are creatures of habit, and anything we can do to lower the barrier of entry to try our product will be helpful,” said Patrick Kane, who runs Edgewell’s men’s shave business. The move comes as P&G is scrambling to ward off competition from online razor startups and cheaper competitors. Gillette’s share of the U.S. market, close to 70% in 2011, fell to 54% last year, according to Euromonitor. Blood in the water, my friends! And not from a small cut on the chin while shaving! Advertisement A Gillette spokesperson tells the Wall Street Journal that, slightly higher price notwithstanding, only Gillette has the superior engineering capable of delivering the optimal shave: “Razor technology is a matter of microns—and how every single component comes together matters,” and men “shouldn’t have to choose between convenience, flexibility, quality and value.” Gillette, it should be noted, already has an online delivery service. In fact, they are currently making some tweaks: Edgewell said it would target what it considers a weak point of Dollar Shave Club: an inflexible delivery plan that leaves many men with a stockpile of blades. P&G said its research found the same annoyance, which is why the company this month overhauled its online service with a system called “Gillette on Demand” that allows customers to order razors via text message. And so the corporate world turns. Sponsored Of course, the real outcome here will be another round of unnecessarily strong razor takes, about safety razors or straight razors or proper unguents or whatever you people are arguing about these days. Have a ball! Kelly Faircloth kelly@jezebel.com @kellyfaircloth Staff Writer, Jezebel Reply99 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Jezebel You're a Wonder, Gal Yesterday 12:05pm Jezebel Ask a Publicist: How Should Taylor Swift Respond to Katy Perry's Confirmation of Their Feud? Yesterday 11:05am Jezebel A Brief Explainer About What the Heck Is Going On With Rebel Wilson's Defamation Case Yesterday 1:10pm Recent from Kelly Faircloth 20 247 19.4K The Muse · Kelly Faircloth Winter Is Here, Suckas Yesterday 1:10pm 8 55 12K Jezebel · Kelly Faircloth I Would Absolutely Watch a Thriller About International Baby Eel Smuggling  Tuesday 5:25pm 19 106 8.9K Jezebel · Kelly Faircloth Sir Roger Moore Dies at the Age of 89 Tuesday 10:30am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jezebel Store Redirecting to the Jezebel store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News City Hall Blog Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts All Local Arts Local Reviews The Big Beat Ottawa events listings Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music Jazzblog NP Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey All Hockey Senators Extra NHL World Juniors Football All Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Tennis Life All Life Homes All Homes Condos Gardening Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Ottawa Dish Style Our Ottawa World of Birds Life Story Health All Health Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving News Local News City Hall Blog |Featured: Senators Extra Canada 150 Style Magazine Homes OC Sessions Developing Lebreton Flats | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News Canada 150: Complete coverage Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Savoury Northern Chinese surprises at Xiang Zi in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Caravela Restaurante offers up fresh, uncomplicated, homey Portuguese ... Local News Opioid overdoses: Here's how to get a naloxone kit in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Citizen meets high expectations, but choose carefully for ... 5 / 5 Procter and Gamble to shut Brockville plant, 480 jobs lost Brockville Recorder More from Brockville Recorder Published on: May 24, 2017 | Last Updated: May 24, 2017 5:45 PM EDT Procter and Gamble's operation in Brockville. Darcy Cheek / Postmedia Share Adjust Comment Print BROCKVILLE — Nearly 500 jobs will be lost within three years after Procter and Gamble announced Thursday it will close its Brockville operations as early as 2020. Employees of the Brockville site were informed of the company’s decision at a meeting early this morning. The decision comes as a result of what P&G described as a “North American Supply Network Design” that will relocate remaining production of Bounce and Swiffer products manufactured in Brockville to a new site in West Virginia. The transitions are planned to be complete by early 2020 and will result in the permanent closure of the Brockville site by late 2020 or early 2021, the company said in a statement.   The city plant employs 480 people.   While this was a difficult decision for the company, the overall redesign efforts will help P&G transform the way it goes to market and revolutionize the way it sources, manufactures and produces across North America,” the statement read. Jeff LeRoy, a P&G company communications spokesperson, said the decision to close production in Brockville was “difficult” and is not a reflection of the city or the employees of the site. He said the company will try to accommodate local employees who are willing to relocate. “Again, it’s important to recognize this announcement is three to four years in advance,” said LeRoy. “We are working hard so that we can find another position for as many employees as possible within P&G if they are willing to relocate. “There are no guarantees and we can make no promises, but this is the goal we have,” he said, adding the company is “exploring many options,” including employee transfers to a P&G facility in Belleville which is anticipated to have opportunities available in coming years. For Brockville Mayor David Henderson, the news was not entirely unexpected. “Everybody has been on the edge of their seats for some time, waiting for that West Virginia plant to be fully up and running,” said the mayor. “When it actually happens, it’s brutal.”   Brockville employment Some flooded Gatineau residents won't be allowed to rebuild Ottawa police continue search for missing elderly woman Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic City Hall Blog Local News In close vote, city council says 'no' to Rockcliffe Park heritage demo The year-old plan that protects Rockcliffe Park's heritage buildings passed its first test on Wednesday when city council rejected an application to demolish a home to make way for a ... Local News Countdown to Confederation Line: Contractor to turn over $2.1B LRT line in one year In exactly one year — May 24, 2018 — the city's light-rail contractor, Rideau Transit Group, is expected to hand over the keys to Ottawa's brand new, $2. Local News City Hall Blog: Public meetings shouldn't waste the public's time Eastway Gardens is a collection of streets named for letters of the alphabet. An island separated from other residential areas by St. submit a tip Click here to let us know. Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share Procter and Gamble to shut Brockville plant, 480 jobs lost Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Tennis Life All Life Homes Food Style Our Ottawa World of Birds Life Story Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Actress Emeraude Toubia and P&G’s Orgullosa Launch the #WeAreOrgullosa Initiative to Challenge the Misconceptions of Latina Beauty Orgullosa program fuels a social dialogue to empower Latinas to share what makes them beautiful by their own standards with content and products that help her show off her orgullo and belleza Actress Emeraude Toubia unveils a docu-style video launched by P&G’s Orgullosa to celebrate the diversity of Latina beauty at the #WeAreOrgullosa event, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the initiative. Visit Orgullosa.com to preview the film. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Actress Emeraude Toubia unveils a docu-style video launched by P&G’s Orgullosa to celebrate the diversity of Latina beauty at the #WeAreOrgullosa event, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the initiative. Visit Orgullosa.com to preview the film. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Actress Emeraude Toubia, right, moderates a panel with Georgina Morillo, Hiliana Devila and Ada Rojas, left to right, the participants of a docu-style video launched by P&G’s Orgullosa, to challenge the misconceptions of Latina beauty at the #WeAreOrgullosa event, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the initiative. Visit Orgullosa.com to preview the film. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Actress Emeraude Toubia launches P&G’s Orgullosa #WeAreOrgullosa initiative to challenge the misconceptions of Latina beauty, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the program. Visit Orgullosa.com for savings and tips on P&G beauty brands. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Actress Emeraude Toubia launches P&G’s Orgullosa #WeAreOrgullosa initiative to challenge the misconceptions of Latina beauty, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the program. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 24, 2017 09:35 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Procter & Gamble’s (NYSE:PG) Orgullosa program – the largest platform for Latinas by Latinas that provides tips and resources for beauty, home and lifestyle -– and Mexican-Lebanese actress Emeraude Toubia hosted the #WeAreOrgullosa event yesterday in New York City, to unveil Orgullosa’s approach to change the misconceptions of Latinas. In partnership with Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret, and Venus, Emeraude Toubia moderated a discussion spotlighting the growing influence of Latinas in the U.S. and how Orgullosa seeks to empower Latinas to share what makes them beautiful by their own standards with content and products that help her show off her orgullo (pride) and belleza (beauty). “I was honored to have the opportunity to moderate this inspiring panel; each story reignited passion to celebrate the beauty and diversity of Latinas,” said Emeraude Toubia, actress and event hostess. “It’s time to let the world stop defining who we are and what it means to be beautiful. Latina beauty is not just about being fabulosa - it's about celebrating our diverse beauty and being proud of who we are.” Challenging the Misconceptions of Latinas In the media, Latinas are often stereotyped as sex symbols and boxed-in as having one hair color, skin color, and body type. With this, Latinas feel underrepresented and inaccurately portrayed. Beauty is a reflection of who she is as a Latina and where she comes from. It celebrates her pride in the Latino culture and her family. Latinas are multi-dimensional and not one-size fits all, which is what fueled Orgullosa’s mission to challenge the misconceptions of Latinas by launching the #WeAreOrgullosa initiative. Starting today, Orgullosa’s online hub www.orgullosa.com will offer exclusive content where you’ll find Latinas of all different shapes, sizes, hair types and skin colors who are proud to show off and celebrate what makes them unique. To break Latino stereotypes, Orgullosa created: Digital lookbook featuring P&G brands – Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret, and Venus – to offer readers product savings, style tips, and inspiration for feeling confident, beautiful and orgullosa. Photo gallery that offers free downloadable photos, so now anyone looking to represent Latinas will have more diverse and better options. Docu-style video that includes live interviews with Latinas capturing their emotions and cultural stories aimed to inspire other women to embrace their identity. “Our program’s long-standing relationship and commitment to accurately portray Latinas starts with understanding their aspirations and motivations,” said Courtney Tomljanovic, Brand Manager for Orgullosa. “We have created and fostered a one-of-a-kind forum for Latinas to share and discuss the proud journey of being a Latina in the U.S. Orgullosa is an organic extension of the current relationships that our individual brands have with the Latina consumer, evolving to establish a broader and ongoing dialogue across the many areas in which P&G products touch their lives.” Orgullosa’s Goal to Inspire Latinas Orgullosa is asking its community of over 1.5 million members and others to join the #WeAreOrgullosa initiative and share with the world what they perceive as Latina beauty to combat societal misconceptions. Tapping into the power of social media, Orgullosa will also partner with Latina fashion, beauty and lifestyle influencers to share tips from their daily beauty routine and more personal cultural testimonials. Become part of the community at www.orgullosa.com and get the exclusive lookbook, download photos from our photoshoot, and find great savings on P&G beauty brands. Join the conversation on social media (Facebook.com/Orgullosa and Instagram.com/Orgullosa) using #WeAreOrgullosa. About Orgullosa Orgullosa is a P&G-owned program that celebrates Latinas and empowers them to feel confident about their personal appearance, style and homes by offering solutions that satisfy their beauty and household needs through a variety of trusted brands, including Olay®, Secret®, Venus®, Pantene®, Crest®, Always®, Tide®, Downy®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Febreze®, Gain®, Pampers®, and Dawn®. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Citizen Relations Kimberly Stohl, 212-613-4907 Kimberly.Stohl@citizenrelations.com or Procter & Gamble Nadirah Mutala, 513-983-6229 Mutala.na@pg.com Contacts Citizen Relations Kimberly Stohl, 212-613-4907 Kimberly.Stohl@citizenrelations.com or Procter & Gamble Nadirah Mutala, 513-983-6229 Mutala.na@pg.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Actress Emeraude Toubia and P&G’s Orgullosa Launch the #WeAreOrgullosa Initiative to Challenge the Misconceptions of Latina Beauty Orgullosa program fuels a social dialogue to empower Latinas to share what makes them beautiful by their own standards with content and products that help her show off her orgullo and belleza Actress Emeraude Toubia unveils a docu-style video launched by P&G’s Orgullosa to celebrate the diversity of Latina beauty at the #WeAreOrgullosa event, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the initiative. Visit Orgullosa.com to preview the film. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Actress Emeraude Toubia unveils a docu-style video launched by P&G’s Orgullosa to celebrate the diversity of Latina beauty at the #WeAreOrgullosa event, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the initiative. Visit Orgullosa.com to preview the film. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Actress Emeraude Toubia, right, moderates a panel with Georgina Morillo, Hiliana Devila and Ada Rojas, left to right, the participants of a docu-style video launched by P&G’s Orgullosa, to challenge the misconceptions of Latina beauty at the #WeAreOrgullosa event, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the initiative. Visit Orgullosa.com to preview the film. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Actress Emeraude Toubia launches P&G’s Orgullosa #WeAreOrgullosa initiative to challenge the misconceptions of Latina beauty, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the program. Visit Orgullosa.com for savings and tips on P&G beauty brands. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Actress Emeraude Toubia launches P&G’s Orgullosa #WeAreOrgullosa initiative to challenge the misconceptions of Latina beauty, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in New York. P&G brands Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret and Venus sponsor the program. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for P&G Orgullosa/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 24, 2017 09:35 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Procter & Gamble’s (NYSE:PG) Orgullosa program – the largest platform for Latinas by Latinas that provides tips and resources for beauty, home and lifestyle -– and Mexican-Lebanese actress Emeraude Toubia hosted the #WeAreOrgullosa event yesterday in New York City, to unveil Orgullosa’s approach to change the misconceptions of Latinas. In partnership with Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret, and Venus, Emeraude Toubia moderated a discussion spotlighting the growing influence of Latinas in the U.S. and how Orgullosa seeks to empower Latinas to share what makes them beautiful by their own standards with content and products that help her show off her orgullo (pride) and belleza (beauty). “I was honored to have the opportunity to moderate this inspiring panel; each story reignited passion to celebrate the beauty and diversity of Latinas,” said Emeraude Toubia, actress and event hostess. “It’s time to let the world stop defining who we are and what it means to be beautiful. Latina beauty is not just about being fabulosa - it's about celebrating our diverse beauty and being proud of who we are.” Challenging the Misconceptions of Latinas In the media, Latinas are often stereotyped as sex symbols and boxed-in as having one hair color, skin color, and body type. With this, Latinas feel underrepresented and inaccurately portrayed. Beauty is a reflection of who she is as a Latina and where she comes from. It celebrates her pride in the Latino culture and her family. Latinas are multi-dimensional and not one-size fits all, which is what fueled Orgullosa’s mission to challenge the misconceptions of Latinas by launching the #WeAreOrgullosa initiative. Starting today, Orgullosa’s online hub www.orgullosa.com will offer exclusive content where you’ll find Latinas of all different shapes, sizes, hair types and skin colors who are proud to show off and celebrate what makes them unique. To break Latino stereotypes, Orgullosa created: Digital lookbook featuring P&G brands – Crest, Herbal Essences, Olay, Pantene, Secret, and Venus – to offer readers product savings, style tips, and inspiration for feeling confident, beautiful and orgullosa. Photo gallery that offers free downloadable photos, so now anyone looking to represent Latinas will have more diverse and better options. Docu-style video that includes live interviews with Latinas capturing their emotions and cultural stories aimed to inspire other women to embrace their identity. “Our program’s long-standing relationship and commitment to accurately portray Latinas starts with understanding their aspirations and motivations,” said Courtney Tomljanovic, Brand Manager for Orgullosa. “We have created and fostered a one-of-a-kind forum for Latinas to share and discuss the proud journey of being a Latina in the U.S. Orgullosa is an organic extension of the current relationships that our individual brands have with the Latina consumer, evolving to establish a broader and ongoing dialogue across the many areas in which P&G products touch their lives.” Orgullosa’s Goal to Inspire Latinas Orgullosa is asking its community of over 1.5 million members and others to join the #WeAreOrgullosa initiative and share with the world what they perceive as Latina beauty to combat societal misconceptions. Tapping into the power of social media, Orgullosa will also partner with Latina fashion, beauty and lifestyle influencers to share tips from their daily beauty routine and more personal cultural testimonials. Become part of the community at www.orgullosa.com and get the exclusive lookbook, download photos from our photoshoot, and find great savings on P&G beauty brands. Join the conversation on social media (Facebook.com/Orgullosa and Instagram.com/Orgullosa) using #WeAreOrgullosa. About Orgullosa Orgullosa is a P&G-owned program that celebrates Latinas and empowers them to feel confident about their personal appearance, style and homes by offering solutions that satisfy their beauty and household needs through a variety of trusted brands, including Olay®, Secret®, Venus®, Pantene®, Crest®, Always®, Tide®, Downy®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Febreze®, Gain®, Pampers®, and Dawn®. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Citizen Relations Kimberly Stohl, 212-613-4907 Kimberly.Stohl@citizenrelations.com or Procter & Gamble Nadirah Mutala, 513-983-6229 Mutala.na@pg.com Contacts Citizen Relations Kimberly Stohl, 212-613-4907 Kimberly.Stohl@citizenrelations.com or Procter & Gamble Nadirah Mutala, 513-983-6229 Mutala.na@pg.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
null
Follow @triplepundit 48.3k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit P&G, 3M, IP and American Forest Foundation Boost Responsible Forestry in the Carolinas by Leon Kaye on Wednesday, May 24th, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Forests like this one bordering Robeson and Cumberland counties in North Carolina will benefit from a new sustainable forestry program If there is a definition for business and non-profit “collaboration,” then a new partnership between Procter & Gamble (P&G), 3M, International Paper (IP) and the American Forest Foundation (AFF) sets a very high bar. The three companies announced at Sustainable Brands in Detroit that they will work with AFF to boost sustainable forestry efforts across the coastal Carolinas region. The project, which will continue for at least three years, will receive almost $300,000 in funding from P&G, IP and 3M. The goal is to engage and educate landowners across several counties in North and South Carolina in order to highlight the benefits of various forest certifications and sustainable forestry practices. By 2020, the Carolinas Working Forests Conservation Collaborative will strive to achieve several goals, including: Increase awareness and understanding of the importance of sustainable forestry and active management among the thousands of woodland owners, who together own 2.4 million acres of forestland in the Carolina coastal plains region. Partner with at least 450 landowners across 36,500 acres across various counties to provide them with technical assistance and resources to enhance forest management. Engage a minimum of 160 woodland owners within the project area to enhance, restore or expand coastal forests and quality habitat for at-risk species on at least 13,000 acres. TriplePundit sat down with Manuel Ceja, Family Care Sustainability Leader at P&G, during Sustainable Brands Detroit to learn more about the program. AFF staff will conduct the outreach and training with individual landowners in order to bolster sustainable forestry efforts across the region. As individual trees are harvested by IP, pulp from both hard and soft wood fibers will be sold to P&G and 3M. The long fiber pulp in particular is important to P&G, as Ceja explained that it allows branded products such as Charmin, Puffs and Bounty to be “soft and strong,” as their customers have come to expect over the years. But in return for the occasional harvest of selected trees, landowners will benefit from a reliable source of revenue on their terms, while ecosystems across the coastal Carolinas have a greater chance to thrive. Such an extensive outreach effort by AFF is important as 87 percent of forests in the U.S. south are in private hands, according to World Resources Institute estimates. Two-thirds of those lands are owned by individuals and families, many of whom held the land for generations. Meanwhile, the coastal plains of the Carolinas confront a bevy of deforestation challenges, from development to climate change and even sea level rise. As a result, there are approximately 500 at-risk species across the forests of the Southern U.S., which are dispersed across these privately-owned lands. “Landowners don’t know what they have, and they don’t know how to protect it,” explained Paul DeLong, Senior Vice President of the Conservation American Forest Foundation. But this partnership will allow AFF to work with thousands more landowners. AFF will provide the education that will convince more owners to jump on this conservation bandwagon. The organization uses “local boots on the ground,” a source of economic development, to provide responsible forestry training, which will include pointers on fostering ecosystems that will harbor the at-risk species, as well as what is involved in selecting the trees that will be sold to a responsible timber company. The program is similar to a partnership P&G has launched with the pulp and paper supplier Domtar, which in turn works with local landowners in Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri and Texas on sustainable forestry and conservation initiatives. P&G says all of the pulp and paper within its supply chain is certified one way or another, but the holy grail is certification from the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC). The problem P&G and other consumer packaged goods (CPG) companies have faced, however, is that there is not enough FSC supply to meet demand. This forestry program in the Carolinas will offer a lift to P&G’s long-term goal. One step in that process is the company’s announcement that its Puffs line of products will all be FSC certified by the end of this summer. This partnership is a win for 3M as well, as the company will have more certified fiber for its wide range of products, from sticky notes to packing tape. “The sustainable practices this project enables will provide lasting benefits to landowners, forests, and our business,” said Jean Bennington Sweeney, Chief Sustainability Officer of 3M. Image credit: Gary Dincher/Flickr Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4633 articles in this category: P&G, 3M, IP and American Forest Foundation Boost Responsible Forestry in the Carolinas Clean Energy Employs Almost 10 Million People Worldwide Lawsuits Brew Against Scott Pruitt, EPA for Illegal Legislative ‘Obstructions’ Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Electric Toothbrush Market to Witness a Pronounce Growth During 2022 The Global Electric Toothbrush market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Electric Toothbrush Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering Philips Sonicare Oral-B(P & G) Panasonic Omron Healthcare Colgate-Palmolive FOREO Wellness Oral Care PURSONIC Smilex Kolibree Interplak(Conair) LION LG BAYER LFCARE Avail 10% Discount on Single User License. Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017                                                                                                                                      Get a PDF Sample of Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/298069 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into Rechargeables Battery Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Electric Toothbrush in each application, can be divided into Adults Children Avail 15% Discount on Corporate Users License Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017 Buy the Report@   http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/298069                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Extracellular Matrix Proteins Market | Indutry Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 Release By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Toshiba Tec Unveils World’s First Monochrome Multi-function Peripheral with Erasable Print Capability Search Recent Posts An Interview With Mitchelle David Neurosurgical Prosthesis Sales Market: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Neurosurgical Prosthesis Sales Market: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Neurosurgical Prosthesis Sales Market: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Neurosurgical Prosthesis Sales Market: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice FM nominee says will meet with wartime sex slavery victims The Korea Herald > World > World News Messi tax fraud jail sentence upheld   Published : 2017-05-25 13:57 Updated : 2017-05-25 13:57 MADRID -- Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and $2.25 million fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona soccer star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on $4.67 million of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Co. Lionel Messi (right) is followed by his father Jorge Horacio Messi as they arrive at a courthouse in Barcelona in June 2016. (AFP-Yonhap) Both Messi, 29, and his father were given 21 months in jail -- prison terms likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court, which confirmed the sentence for the five-time world player of the year Wednesday. However, it also reduced the term to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. The player and his father made a voluntary payment of $5.61 million -- equal to the amount of the alleged unpaid taxes plus interest -- in August 2013 after being formally investigated. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. Prosecutors had asked for Messi to be absolved, arguing there was no evidence that the player was aware of how his income was managed. But the Supreme Court said Wednesday that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes. “It defies logic to concede that someone who earns a large income does not know that he must pay taxes on it,” the court wrote in its sentence. In its July sentence, the Barcelona court that initially found Messi guilty had argued that if the wealthy player was not punished, “ordinary” citizens could conclude that it was better to “not show interest” in their tax obligations. Messi’s tax fraud trial had taken place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. Messi is far from the only Barca star to find himself embroiled in problems with the Spanish authorities. Brazil star and Barcelona forward Neymar and his parents are due to stand trial for alleged corruption over his transfer from Santos in 2013. Barca’s Argentine defender Javier Mascherano also agreed a one-year suspended sentence with authorities for tax fraud last year. And former Barcelona President Sandro Rosell was arrested Tuesday in a money laundering investigation related to the sale of the Brazilian national soccer team’s television rights. Businessman Rosell, 53, had been manager of sporting goods giants Nike in Brazil before taking over as president of Barcelona in 2010. (AFP) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. FM nominee says will meet wi... 2. Moon to pay for his own priv... 3. Allies should find way to le... 4. Employers’ federation denou... 5. SK C&C to develop AI to prev... 6. C1 Gas Refinery R&D Center t... 7. Industry calls for cautious... 8. LS C&S Asia to provide cable... 9. Tech meets art in McGregor’... 10. Hyundai Merchant's cargo pro... 1. Lawmaker keeps cool for vira... 2. Korean military court convic... 3. PM nominee says NK is primar... 4. 4 rivers project 5. Trump's view of Kim Jong-un:... 6. Driving out evils 7. FM nominee says 'more powerf... 8. NK vows to bolster nuke forc... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS Champions Trophy 2017 Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSChampions Trophy 2017 Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS Champions Trophy 2017 X DON'T SHARE NUISANCE. SHARE NEWS. Be a responsible citizen. Come, pledge to always check and share verified and vetted news. Submit Lionel Messi's Prison Sentence Upheld By Spanish Supreme Court Barcelona 'Fully Support' Lionel Messi After Fraud Sentence Preparation Key to Europa Victory, Says Jose Mourinho United Players Dedicate Europa League Win to Manchester Victims News18 » Football 1-min read Lionel Messi's Prison Sentence Upheld By Spanish Supreme Court AFP Updated: May 24, 2017, 6:00 PM IST (Photo Credit: Reuters) Madrid: Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail -- sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year's trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain's public deficit down. argentina barcelona jorge horacio lionel messi First Published: May 24, 2017, 5:31 PM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Priyanka, Ranveer Extend Their Love to Sachin Tendulkar For His Biopic Read Exclusive Excerpts From Sita: Warrior of Mithila by Author Amish Spiderman: Homecoming Trailer Gives Detailed Glimpse of Vulture Prabhas-Anushka's Real Life Photos Are As Magical As Their Onscreen Chemistry Should Have Been Picked to Play in IPL Final, Says Harbhajan Singh About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News DU May Change Admission Schedule if CBSE Delays Results Should Have Been Picked to Play in IPL Final, Says Harbhajan Singh IPL 10 Facebook Moments: Q&As, Funny Videos, Live Trainings Saw 350 Million+ Engagement Water Tanker Scam: ACB Seeks Help From Accountant General Indian Woman Forced to Marry Pak Man at Gunpoint Returns Home Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
× Limited offer | FREE How Long is Now? book when you SUBSCRIBE HERE today! × "" New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password Connect with: Facebook Google Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Home The secret science in your home The secret science in your home 24 May 2017 Sponsored by Skin care gets smart with AI Get smart with your skin care When it comes to choice, more is not always better. The all too familiar conundrum of choosing between dozens of chocolate biscuits or hundreds of toothpastes can sometimes induce a kind of decision paralysis, a phenomenon that psychologists call the paradox of choice. Skin care conundrum It’s a problem often seen in the confused faces of customers surrounded by hundreds of products in the skin care section of department stores. A 2013 survey by consumer product giant Procter & Gamble found one third of women were unable to find what they were looking for in facial skin care aisles. Almost two-thirds say they have unused facial products at home. “There’s been an explosion of skin care brands and products in the past 10 years or so,” says Dr Frauke Neuser, principal scientist for P&G brand Olay. “One result is that women are shopping in places where they can get advice. However, that can be intimidating for those who might not want to buy a £150 skin cream recommended for them.” Advertisement P&G says it has the solution. Its web-based Olay Skin Advisor analyses make-up-free selfies uploaded by users to estimate skin age and make personalised product suggestions. It is believed to be the first artificial intelligence-based skin care advice tool. It’s the result of decades of endeavour. P&G scientists have been studying skin for over 60 years and developing improved image capture and analysis technology for almost three decades (see “A history in imaging“). That includes a 2015 clinical study comparing the facial skin of 330 women of different ethnicities. These included a subset judged to look at least 10 years younger than they actually are and who proved to have a common pattern of gene expression. Inspired by this study, P&G scientists wondered whether artificial intelligence could replace the subjective human judgements of age with something more objective. The idea of machines that can perceive the world, learn from examples and understand humans has been around since the 1950s. It is however only in recent years that major strides in building such machines have been made thanks to key advances. These include the rapid growth in large datasets that include images and the ability to store such vast amounts of data. Also important has been a shift to using computer chips known as graphics processing units (GPUs) originally developed for video gaming. These offer enhanced power over normal chips for certain tasks. “There’s a natural fit between the workloads of deep learning models and gaming. Both involve doing very large batches of computations, and doing so in parallel,” says Thomas Bradley, Director of Developer Technology at NVIDIA, which created the GPUs used to train and run the Olay Skin Advisor deep learning algorithm. That algorithm, the result of experimenting with image recognition software, is the outcome. It was developed by the P&G bioinformatics group with artificial neural networks, computer simulations inspired by the way human brains process information. They allow so-called deep learning by a machine. Deep learning models “Human brains learn to estimate people’s ages by building a model that associates features we see in faces with the ages we know those people are,” says Dr Jun Xu, a P&G computational biologist and lead developer of the Olay Skin Advisor’s VizID™ algorithm. “Deep learning mimics this process.” Deep learning models are made up of hierarchies of filters called “layers” designed to detect the presence or absence of features. Each pixel in an image has red, green and blue colour values. By analysing these, a layer can, for example, look for the edge of a feature or the edge of a colour patch. It then passes its finding on to the next layer, which might look at what shapes are formed by those edges. Early layers look at smaller areas and later ones assess larger ones. By going through 20 such layers, VizID™ builds skin age predictions. By comparing these repeatedly with known real ages, it can tweak the weightings it gives to different elements to improve its accuracy. Olay researchers used 50,000 selfies of women of different ages and ethnicities to “train” their model. This included feeding these images back through the algorithm 250 more times, each time with a slight change to lighting, resolution or positioning, for example. This ensures the model learns to predict the right age despite these image variations (a technique called data augmentation). “Deep learning mimics the way the human brain learns to estimate people’s ages” Once trained, the model was tested with a new set of 630 selfies of women aged 18-65. The Olay Skin Advisor’s average age difference was 3.8 years. This compared to an average of 7.3 years for a group of dermatologists. By retracing the model’s calculations, the Olay team found it assigned most weight to eye wrinkles, pigmented age spots and “laughter lines” running between the corners of the mouth and the edge of the nose. These are among key features that humans also use to estimate age. Launched last year, Olay Skin Advisor gives users an estimate of their skin age and tells them which of their forehead, cheeks, mouth, and eye areas are in best shape, as well as which could benefit most from improvement. Based on this and questionnaire answers, it gives personalised product recommendations. More than 1 million women have already used the web-based tool. The images they uploaded are helping further improve its accuracy. A survey of users carried out by P&G found 94 per cent agreed that the products recommended by the algorithm were right for them and 88 per cent were still using the same products four weeks later. “We’re not doing this because deep learning is cool,” says Neuser. “Ultimately the proof is in the pudding. If women buy the recommended products, see results, and keep using those products, then we can say that Olay Skin Advisor is a success.” A history in imaging THE use of deep learning in the Olay Skin Advisor may seem bold, but it is no leap in the dark. In fact P&G has been breaking new ground in skin imaging and analysis for 30 years. These advances were initially designed to assist product development, before later being used in devices that assess skin age by analysing features such as texture, tone and radiance in images. During the 1990s, for example, it developed software to correct colour variations caused by changes in lighting and camera response by comparing them with reference colours incorporated into images. It also standardised facial positioning using “ghost images” from earlier capture sessions to precisely line subjects up in later ones. In 2001, P&G licensed its imaging know how to Canfield Scientific as the basis for its in-store, feature-based skin analysis devices, and later to create VISIA, a similar system for medical professionals. In 2006, P&G automated the assessment of the molecular basis of skin colour using digital cameras and custom software to create maps of melanin and haemoglobin. “Adopting deep learning algorithms hasn’t been as difficult as it might have been, thanks to Olay’s rich heritage in image acquisition and analysis,” says Dr Paul Matts, Olay Research Fellow. Try the Olay Skin Advisor at: skinadvisor.olay.co.uk More at: www.pg.co.uk This article appeared in print under the headline “Skin care gets smart with AI” Advertisement Magazine issue 3127, published 27 May 2017 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Beaver dams keep streams cool and protect sensitive fish Next article Skin care gets smart with AI Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright New Scientist Ltd. Back to top
Scroll.in - Scroll.in Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Home Video The Latest The Reel The Field Magazine Pulse In Pictures Bookshop Trending Six Muslim passengers detained for typing ‘bomb’ instead of Bombay in a WhatsApp text are released Canada denies entry to CRPF officer for serving government that ‘violates human rights’: Report Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story Solar is now cheaper than coal-based electricity in India, but the math makes no sense Yogi effect: RSS men convert 43 Muslims in Uttar Pradesh to Hinduism Hindi imposition: How regional parties are trying to beat the BJP at its own game The Army’s unprecedented moves fuel fears of fresh resentment and violence in Kashmir Thousands of Class 12 students will pay the price for government’s botched-up reform of marks policy Sections Opinion Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Yesterday · 06:38 pm.   Scroll Staff Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print international football Spain: Lionel Messi gets 21-month jail sentence for tax fraud The Argentinian and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were guilty of avoiding taxes that amounted to €4.16 million. Scroll Staff Published Yesterday · 06:38 pm.   Marcos Brindicci/Reuters Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and $2.25-million fine on Barcelona star Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentinian and his father Jorge Horacio Messi, in July 2016, were found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes that amounted to €4.16 million of the footballer’s income earned from his image rights between 2007-’09. Both Messi and his father were given a 21-month jail sentence but reports state that it is likely to be suspended. During his trial last year, the four time Ballon d’Or winner had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how they were managed. The income connected with Messi’s image rights that was hidden reportedly includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in. Lionel Messi Spain Supreme Court Football Print Related Iranian footballer suspended for wearing SpongeBob SquarePants trousers Trending Six Muslim passengers detained for typing ‘bomb’ instead of Bombay in a WhatsApp text are released Canada denies entry to CRPF officer for serving government that ‘violates human rights’: Report Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story Sponsored Content  BY  Harvard Business School’s HBX brings the future of business education to India with online programs HBX is not only offering courses online, but also connecting students to the power of its network. Published May 16, 2017.   May 16, 2017.   Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print The classic design of the physical Harvard Business School (HBS) classroom was once a big innovation – precisely designed teaching amphitheaters laid out for every student to participate from his or her seat with a “pit” in the center of the room from which professors orchestrate discussions analyzing business cases like a symphony lead. When it came to designing the online experience of HBX—the school’s digital learning initiative—HBS faculty worked tirelessly to blend these tenets of the HBS classroom pedagogy with the power of new technology. With real-world problem solving, active learning, and social learning as its foundation, HBX offers immersive and challenging self-paced learning experiences through its interactive online learning platform. Reimagining digital education, breaking the virtual learning mold Typically, online courses follow a one-way broadcast mode – lectures are video recorded and reading material is shared – and students learn alone and are individually tested. Moving away from the passive learning model, HBX has developed an online platform that leverages the HBS ‘case-based pedagogy’ and audio-visual and interaction tools to make learning engaging. HBX courses are rarely taught through theory. Instead, students learn through real-world problem-solving. Students start by grappling with a business problem – with real world data and the complexity in which a business leader would have to make a decision – and learn the theory inductively. Thus even as mathematical theories are applied to business situations, students come away with a greater sense of clarity and perspective, whether it is reading a financial report, understanding why a brand’s approach to a random sample population study may or may not work, or how pricing works. HBX Platform | Courses offered in the HBX CORe program “Learning about concepts through real-life cases was my favorite part of the program. The cases really helped transform abstract concepts into observable situations one could learn from. Furthermore, it really helped me understand how to identify situations in which I could use the tools that HBX equipped me with,” says Anindita Ravikumar, a past HBX participant. India’s premier B-school IIM-Ahmedabad has borrowed the very same pedagogy from Harvard. Learning in this manner is far more engaging, relatable, and memorable. Most lessons start with a short 2-3 minute video of a manager talking about the business problem at hand. Students are then asked to respond on how they would handle the issue. Questions can be in the form of either a poll or reflections. Everyone’s answers are then visible to the ‘classroom’. In the words of Professor Bharat Anand, Faculty Chair, HBX, “This turns out to be a really important distinction. The answers are being updated in real-time. You can see the distribution of answers, but you can also see what any other individual has answered, which means that you’re not anonymous.” Students have real profiles and get to know their ‘classmates’ and learn from each other. HBX Interface | Students can view profiles of other students in their cohort Professor Anand also says, “We have what we call the three-minute rule. Roughly every three minutes, you are doing something different on the platform. Everyone is on the edge of their seats. Anyone could be called on to participate at any time. It’s a very lean forward mode of learning”. Students get ‘cold-called’ – a concept borrowed from the classroom – where every now and then individuals will be unexpectedly prompted to answer a question on the platform and their response will be shared with other members of the cohort. It keeps students engaged and encourages preparedness. While HBX courses are self-paced, participants are encouraged to get through a certain amount of content each week, which helps keep the cohort together and enables the social elements of the learning experience. More than digital learning The HBS campus experience is valued by alumni not just for the academic experience but also for the diverse network of peers they meet. HBX programs similarly encourage student interactions and opportunities for in-person networking. All HBXers who successfully complete their programs and are awarded a credential or certificate from HBX and Harvard Business School are invited to the annual on-campus HBX ConneXt event to meet peers from around the world, hear from faculty and business executives, and also experience the HBS campus near Cambridge. HBXers at ConneXt, with Prof. Bharat Anand Programs offered today HBX offers a range of programs that appeal to different audiences. To help college students and recent graduates prepare for the business world, HBX CORe (Credential of Readiness) integrates business essentials such as analytics, economics, and financial accounting. HBX CORe is also great for those interested in an MBA looking to strengthen their application and brush up their skills to be prepared for day one. For working professionals, HBX CORe and additional courses like Disruptive Strategy, Leading with Finance, and Negotiation Mastery, can help deepen understanding of essential business concepts in order to add value to their organizations and advance their careers. Course durations range from 6 to 17 weeks depending on the program. All interested candidates must submit a free, 10-15 minute application that is reviewed by the HBX admissions team by the deadlines noted on the HBX website. For more information, please review the HBX website. This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of HBX and not by the Scroll editorial team. Print
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close LATINO VOICES 05/24/2017 04:38 pm ET Orgullosa's New Campaign Challenges Misconceptions About Latina Beauty "[Latinas] come in black, they come in white, they come in all different colors, all different skin complexions.” By Tanisha Love Ramirez Latinas aren’t a monolith; they’re diverse in appearances, experiences, beliefs and cultures. A new initiative from Procter & Gamble’s Orgullosa community wants to ensure everyone understands that. Orgullosa launched its #WeAreOrgullosa campaign on Tuesday in an effort to debunk common misconceptions about Latinas. The multi-pronged initiative features personal stories from diverse Latinas regarding beauty, culture and identity. “Growing up, I tried to look more Latina, and what that meant, like, I straightened my hair, put hair extensions to make it longer,” an Afro-Latina named Georgina Morillo shares in one of the campaign’s videos. “I wore three foundations that were three tones lighter than me.” Morillo explains how learning about her roots ultimately helped her understand that, “hey, [Latinas] come in black, they come in white, they come in all different colors, all different skin complexions.” Orgullosa To help drive that point home, the campaign includes an exclusive lookbook featuring P&G products, and free downloadable photos of real, diverse Latinas. “Our program’s long-standing relationship and commitment to accurately portray Latinas starts with understanding their aspirations and motivations,” Brand Manager for Orgullosa, Courtney Tomljanovic, said in a statement. “We have created and fostered a one-of-a-kind forum for Latinas to share and discuss the proud journey of being a Latina in the U.S.”  You can join the conversation on social media using #WeAreOrgullosa.  Head over to Orgullosa.com to learn more about the initiative. ALSO ON HUFFPOST 45 Powerful #LatinasAreNot Tweets Redefine What It Means To Be Latina 45 45 Powerful #LatinasAreNot Tweets Redefine What It Means To Be Latina 1 of 45 Share this slide: #Latinasarenot to be put in ANY boxes-We're just as diverse of a group of people as it gets. What #Latinasare is proud to create sisterhood!— Deanna Norcross (@DMCNorcross) November 6, 2015 Suggest a correction Tanisha Love Ramirez Latino Voices Editor, HuffPost MORE: Procter & Gamble Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL Start your workday the right way with the news that matters most. Learn more Newsletter 171 K 72.6 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Orgullosa's New Campaign Challenges Misconceptions About Latina Beauty CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE ABOUT OUR ADS CONTACT US RSS FAQ CAREERS ARCHIVE USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY COMMENT POLICY Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost MultiCultural/HPMG News
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Hair Care Products 2017 Global Market Key Players – Henkel, Kao, L’Oreal, P&G, Unilever, Avon – Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Hair Care Products Market 2017 This report studies Hair Care Products in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Henkel Kao L’Oreal P&G Unilever Avon Combe Estee Lauder Johnson & Johnson Revlon Shiseido World Hair Cosmetics Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1305695-global-hair-care-products-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Shampoo Hair Conditioners Hair Colorants Hair Growth Products Hair Styling Mousses and Gels Other By Application, the market can be split into Online Sales Offline Sales By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1305695-global-hair-care-products-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table of Contents          Global Hair Care Products Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Hair Care Products 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Hair Care Products 1.1.1 Definition of Hair Care Products 1.1.2 Specifications of Hair Care Products 1.2 Classification of Hair Care Products 1.2.1 Shampoo 1.2.2 Hair Conditioners 1.2.3 Hair Colorants 1.2.4 Hair Growth Products 1.2.5 Hair Styling Mousses and Gels 1.2.6 Other 1.3 Applications of Hair Care Products 1.3.1 Online Sales 1.3.2 Offline Sales 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India ….. 4 Global Hair Care Products Overall Market Overview 4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Hair Care Products Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2016 Hair Care Products Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Hair Care Products Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2016 Hair Care Products Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Hair Care Products Sales Price 4.4.2 2016 Hair Care Products Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) ….. 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Hair Care Products 8.1 Henkel 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Henkel 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Henkel 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Kao 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Kao 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Kao 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 L’Oreal 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 L’Oreal 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 L’Oreal 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 P&G 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 P&G 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 P&G 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Unilever 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Unilever 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Unilever 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Avon 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Avon 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Avon 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Combe 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Combe 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Combe 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Estee Lauder 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Estee Lauder 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Estee Lauder 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Johnson & Johnson 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Johnson & Johnson 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Johnson & Johnson 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Revlon 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Revlon 2016 Hair Care Products Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Revlon 2016 Hair Care Products Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 Shiseido 8.12 World Hair Cosmetics Continued……. Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1305695 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsConsumer care, Consumer Goods, Consumer Packaged Goods, Hair Care Products, Hair Care Products Analysis, Hair Care Products Industry, Hair Care Products Market, Hair Care Products Segmentation, Hair Care Products Share, Hair Care Products Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Investors of Class Action Against Eco Science Solutions, Inc. (ESSI) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline – July 24, 2017 Next PostNext Census Bureau 2015 E-Stats Report: Measuring the Electronic Economy Search Recent Posts Earth Alive Clean Technologies Admitted to Global Soil Partnership Memorial Day Holiday Pet Adoption Fees Waived for Military, Vets Global $11.96 Billion Ferrosilicon Market Analysis By Application, End-use & Region, 2014-2025 – Research and Markets Com expectativa de crescimento, FENASUCRO & AGROCANA objetiva R$ 3,1 bi de movimentação financeira Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Esc to close Thursday 25 May 2017 News updated at 12:23 PM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   IPL   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Indian woman forced to marry in Pak returns home; Swaraj welcomes her      JK govt asks Center to build more community bunkers across border      Morgan ton sets up England win over South Africa      Bangalore University launches Sakala services      US revives 2 infra projects in Asia to counter OBOR      IAF denies reports of Pak jets flying near Siachen      I-T department summons Lalu's daughter, son-in-law      Uncertainty over CBSE Class X, XII results      Saharanpur: Cong for probe; slams UP govt over lax security      Pakistan court allows Indian woman to return      Rampant encroachment at Varthur lake, say residents      Taiwan becomes 1st in Asia to recognise same-sex marriage      Cabinet clears Strategic Partnership model for private manufacturing in defence      Army officers are free to take decisions in a 'war-like' zone : Jaitley      Saharanpur: Yogi govt suspends DM, SSP, transfers DIG, Div Commissioner      Paresh Rawal says being coerced to remove tweets against Arundhati Roy      PDP worker critical after militant attack in Jammu and Kashmir      Policeman killed in Jakarta suicide bombing      Kerala assembly passes Malayalam Language Bill      Priyank Kharge wants private firms to be allowed to participate in EVM hackathon      Govt abolishes FIPB, new mechanism for FDI approval on anvil      Congress alleges special treatment to T V Gopinath by the government      Fresh violence in Saharanpur; DM, SSP suspended      Honour Killing: Jaipur police arrests in laws of the victim      HC grants interim stay on publication of NEET result      Farmers should have access to power 24X7 : Venkaiah Naidu      Saharanpur tense again after clashes      No headway in Tiwari's death, Autopsy reveals 'antemortem' injuries      Nepal PM Prachanda resigns      JK govt to counter student protests by promoting NCC      Techie undergone height increasing surgery gains one and half inch      'Enemy' will remember Pak's response to aggression: Pak Air Force chief      AFI to seek details of latest dope embarrassment from coaches      Ashwin wins International Cricketer of the Year award      PAF jets fly near Siachen; Indian air space not violated says IAF      Cop's wife murder: son writes in blood- 'Tired of her, catch and hang me'      India mulling building tsunami early warning system in South China Sea      Pakistan court allows Indian woman to return home      PSU boards become rehabilitation ground for BJP's Muslim faces?      Army carries out fire assault across LoC      CA close to Lalu's family arrested      Kashmir, Maoists top priority in 4th yr      NHRC seeks details on Maoist child soldiers      KMF 'gifts' prime land in Koramangala to pvt builders      IMD forecasts rain, strong winds      BSY cries foul against M&#8200;B&#8200;Patil      IMD to come up with block-level weather forecast      Maya hits streets to regain Dalit support      Palaniswami to meet PM      Victims in our minds and hearts: Mourinho      Opposition in Kasargod to making Malayalam compulsory from Class 1      Yechury meets Rahul; Presidential polls, RS nomination on agenda      Delhi High Court orders CBSE to continue with moderation of board marks policy      Anurag Tiwari's brother claims he has 'many facts', will share with CBI      90 militants active in north Kashmir: JK Police      Education does not merely imply imparting information: Pranab Mukherjee      Non-bailable arrest warrants against leading actors in TN      Pay less for watching films in theatres, cable and DTH to turn cheaper      Wary of rival Maya hits streets to regain dalit support      Maoists abducting minors to use them as child soldiers; NHRC seeks report      Kashmir,naxals to dominate internal security concerns in govt's 4th year      Indian Army destroys Pakistani posts across the LoC, Pak denies claim      Naveen Jindal, others summoned as accused in coal scam case      Sukhoi fighter jet with two pilots goes missing in Assam      Probe continues against Army major in 'human shield' case: JK Police      Rajinikanth fans stage protest against fringe outfits      Pakistan asks ICJ for early hearing in Jadhav case: report      ED arrests CA in money laundering case, suspects political links      HC seeks Kejriwal's reply on fresh defamation suit by Jaitley      Former RJD MP gets life-term in 1995 MLA murder case      Celebs send prayers to victims of Grande's UK concert blast      Theresa May condemns 'appalling terrorist attack' in Manchester      22 killed, 59 injured in blast at pop concert in UK     Next Story Jaraganahalli, Jyothi win Read more >> You are here: Home » Sports » Supreme Court upholds Messi sentence Supreme Court upholds Messi sentence Agence France-Presse, Madrid, May 25 2017, 1:31 IST Photo credit: Reuters Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro (USD 2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Refugee athletes train in Kenya ahead of London IAAF meet Spanish police arrest former Barcelona FC president in graft investigation Zidane and squad revel in league title victory We need a miracle to win, says Enrique Hulk inspires Shanghai SIPG to 3-1 win Alonso among top nine, Bourdais crashes heavily on rain shortened first day of Indy 500 qualifying Sri Lankan cricket team ready to leave for England for ICC Champions trophy Monaco claim first title in 17 years with St Etienne win F1 champ Alonso continues practice at Indy Videos more 1 dead, several injured in Saharanpur violence Conversations on conservation (Part- 3 Spotlight Bellandur lake) Bodies of 3 soldiers killed in Naugam encounter brought for last rites Conversations on conservation (Part 1 - Spotlight Bellandur lake) Conversations on conservation (Part 2 - Spotlight Bellandur lake) Watch: Former Congress Panchayat member attacks cop on duty Watch: CCTV footage of 2 thieves loot temple Big catch! Snake venom worth Rs. 12 crore seized Refugee athletes train in Kenya ahead of London IAAF meet Boko Haram traps starving people in Nigeria, UN warns Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Tie Arundhati Roy to Army jeep instead of stone-pelter suggests Paresh Rawal 2.Kerala girl takes revenge by chopping penis of 'rapist Swami' 3.Political plunge: Rajini keeps the guessing game on 4.Army major who tied man to jeep in Kashmir awarded 5.19 dead in suspected terror attack at Manchester Arena in UK 1.Beef has no medicinal qualities, but cow urine has charismatic value 2.Men of valour and courage 3.Uncertainty over CBSE Class X, XII results 4.For a good night's sleep 5.'Eating fruits, veggies daily may cut artery disease risk' 1. Kashmir, Maoists top priority in 4th yr 2. KMF 'gifts' prime land in Koramangala to pvt builders 3. Non-bailable arrest warrants against leading actors in TN 4. Indian Army destroys Pakistani posts across the LoC, Pak denies claim 5. Cop's wife murder: son writes in blood- 'Tired of her, catch and hang me' Photo Gallery Soliders carry mortal remains of martyred soldiers -- Havaldar Girish Gurang, Rifleman Rabin... LJP activists celebrate after Indian Army destroyed Pakistani army posts across the Line of... Muslim women hold banners to protest against 'Tripple Talaq' system in Surat... Members of All J&K Contractual Lectures (10+2) forum shout slogans during a protest against the... Members of Special Police Officers' Welfare Society during a protest rally in Guwahati on... People from Tribal communities during a protest against Chota Nagpur Tenancy Act (CNT) and... Street Vendors protest outside the Ranchi municipal corporation in Ranchi on... Family members during the last rites of godman Chandraswami at Nigambodh Ghat in New Delhi on... Master blaster Sachin Tendulkar along with the Indian cricket team at the screening of film... A mahout bathes his elephant on a hot summer day in Ajmer, India... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
   Back to Citizen  Search  Newsletter menu Local News World News PSL Editor’s Blog African News Fan Zone Mgosi Nedbank Cup World News 24.5.2017 09:13 pm Spain Supreme Court confirms Messi fraud sentence AFP AFP/File / Josep Lago Barcelona's football star Lionel Messi arriving at the courthouse on June 2, 2016 in Barcelona, where Messi and his father faced judges in a tax fraud case Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. by Marianne BARRIAUX The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi, 29, and his father were given 21 months in jail — prison terms likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court, which confirmed the sentence for the five-time world player of the year on Wednesday. However, it also reduced the term to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. The player and his father made a voluntary payment of 5.0 million euros — equal to the amount of the alleged unpaid taxes plus interest — in August 2013 after being formally investigated. – Barcelona problems – During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. Prosecutors had asked for Messi to be absolved, arguing there was no evidence that the player was aware of how his income was managed. But the Supreme Court said Wednesday that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes. “It defies logic to concede that someone who earns a large income does not know that he must pay taxes on it,” the court wrote in its sentence. In its July sentence, the Barcelona court that initially found Messi guilty had argued that if the wealthy player was not punished, “ordinary” citizens could conclude that it was better to “not show interest” in their tax obligations. Messi’s tax fraud trial had taken place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. Messi is far from the only Barca star to find himself embroiled in problems with the Spanish authorities. Brazil star and Barcelona forward Neymar and his parents are due to stand trial for alleged corruption over his transfer from Santos in 2013. Barca’s Argentine defender Javier Mascherano also agreed a one-year suspended sentence with authorities for tax fraud last year. And former Barcelona president Sandro Rosell was arrested on Tuesday in a money laundering investigation related to the sale of the Brazilian national football team’s television rights. Businessman Rosell, 53, had been manager of sporting goods giants Nike in Brazil before taking over as president of Barcelona in 2010. To comment you need to be signed in to Facebook. Please do not comment by saying anything prejudiced. We reserve the right to remove offensive comments. JSE Currencies Commodities results Wits 2-0 Polokwane Plat Stars 2-0 Chiefs Sundowns 2-2 Maritzburg Click to see full results fixtures Chiefs vs Wits Sundows vs Highlands Click to see full fixtures psl log # Team GP Pts 1 Bidvest Wits 28 57 2 Sundowns 28 55 3 Cape Town City 28 52 4 SuperSport United 28 48 5 Kaizer Chiefs 28 47 6 Polokwane City 28 40 7 Maritzburg Utd 28 36 8 Ajax Cape Town 28 35 9 Arrows 28 35 10 Orlando Pirates 28 32 11 Platinum Stars 28 31 12 Bloemfontein Celtic 28 27 13 Free State Stars 28 26 14 Highlands Park 28 25 15 Chippa United 28 24 16 Baroka FC 28 24 Click to see full log table readers' choice Phakaaathi Downs make statement of intent in the DRC Phakaaathi Spain Supreme Court confirms Messi fraud sentence Phakaaathi SA lose to Italy in FIFA Under-20 World Cup Phakaaathi Senzo Meyiwa’s wife free to date again Phakaaathi Cape Town City looking to sign players outside of SA poll 08-05-2017poll What do you think about the appointment of Stuart Baxter as the new Bafana coach? Good choice Bad choice There were other better coaches than Baxter menu Contact us About us Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Advertising Rate Card News menu National Africa World Load Shedding Eish! Opinion menu Columns Editorials Cartoons Talking Point Sport menu Columns Cricket Other Rugby Soccer Golf Horses menu Columnists Racing News Your life menu Celebrities Food style Entertainment Soapies Motoring menu Motoring News features Motorsport new price guide top tips Other menu Auctions buy in bulk Classifieds Competitions Connect About us Code of Conduct Contact us Privacy Policy Jobs at The Citizen Advertising Rate Card News Business Sport Phakaaathi Opinion Motoring Your life Horses Multimedia   The Citizen. All rights reserved.
Thursday , 25 May 2017 Contact Us Advertise With Us INFORMATION NIGERIA Nigeria's No.1 Information Portal Home Trending Metro Entertainment Lifestyle Food and Health Sports Odd News Education Jobs Breaking News Nigeria Customs Service begins investigation over 440 seized riffles Edo State Police arrests over 400 immigrants Court grants former NNPC director permission to travel for medical treatment Check out President Buhari score card in the last two years Police arrests three persons connected to Ogun Killings Generator fumes kills father and son in Lagos Naira Bet Agent commits Suicide, Read full Story here.. Luth Workers protest against poor facilities at the hospital IPOB declares 10 days sit-at-home to its members Lagos Chef defiles eight year old girl Court sentence Messi to 21 months imprisonment Tope Alabi May 24, 2017 Just days after Barcelona lost the Spanish Laliga to rivals, Real Madrid, a Supreme Court in Spain on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. Top Posts Today Married Woman Narrates Shocking Story Of How Junior Staff Fingered Her In The Office Restroom Abuja Nightclubs Where Strippers And Prostitutes Go Berserk Every Night Exposed | Unbelievable: Couple Get Married Completely N*ked in Front of Total Strangers as Families Refuse to Attend | Photos How I Became His Slut In The Bathroom LADIES!! See Ways To Make Your Ex Regret Leaving You Source: ( AFP ) Ad ==> The New Solution/Complete Cure Helps Men Perform Better in Bed without Side Effect. Click Here to Know More Place your ad here Loading... Get Our Top Stories Everyday, Enter Your Email Address: Share tweet Tags lionel messi Previous Luth Workers protest against poor facilities at the hospital Next CAF announces Youssef Essrayri as referee for Nigeria vs South Africa game Related Articles Nigeria Customs Service begins investigation over 440 seized riffles May 25, 2017 Edo State Police arrests over 400 immigrants May 25, 2017 Court grants former NNPC director permission to travel for medical treatment May 25, 2017 Check Also Check out President Buhari score card in the last two years It is almost two years of the President Muhammadu Buhari-administration winds down this month, only … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Yes, add me to your mailing list. Top Posts Today Married Woman Narrates Shocking Story Of How Junior Staff Fingered Her In The Office Restroom Abuja Nightclubs Where Strippers And Prostitutes Go Berserk Every Night Exposed | Unbelievable: Couple Get Married Completely N*ked in Front of Total Strangers as Families Refuse to Attend | Photos How I Became His Slut In The Bathroom LADIES!! See Ways To Make Your Ex Regret Leaving You Top 10 This Week BREAKING! Ex-British Lawmaker, Eric Joyce Alleges That President Buhari Is Dead (Read detail+photos) by OGA Moji Olaiya’s househelp finally reveals the truth, about the sudden death of her boss by Tope Alabi Lady Shares Unclad After S*x Photos On Facebook, Praises Her Boyfriend by Jo Daniel See What Happen To Your man-hood After You Take Viagra by Olayinka JAMB Releases 2017 UTME Results For Second Batch by Deolu UNIOSUN Lecturer In s*x Scandal Video by Olayinka How To Know A Woman Wants To Have s*x With You by Olayinka “Dying Is Private” -Actress Iyabo Ojo Blast Anonymous Person Who Took Photo Of Late Moji Olaiya by OGA We Wanted To Have s*x, He Tied My Hands And This Happened During Penetration – Lady Opens Up! by Olayinka My Mum Must Be Buried In Nigeria, Moji Olaiya’s Daughter by Jo Daniel Notice: Undefined index: enable_manual_switch in /home2/informng/public_html/wp-content/plugins/mobile-smart/mobile-smart.php on line 946
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Sports News Spanish court orders Lionel Messi, dad to jail for 21-months for tax fraud Spanish court orders Lionel Messi, dad to jail for 21-months for tax fraud Source : Last Updated: Wed, May 24, 2017 22:47 hrs [Spain], May 24 (ANI): The Supreme Court of Spain sentenced Argentine and Barcelona FC football star Lionel Messi to serve a 21-month jail sentence and pay a fine of 2.09 million Euro (USD 2.25 million) for tax fraud on Wednesday. Messi and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million Euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. They were declared guilty in July 2016. The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter and Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Messi's father was also asked to serve time in jail for 21 months. However, local media is reporting that these jail sentences are likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year's trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain's public deficit down. (ANI) SEARCH More from Sify: Latest Features Celebs attend Zaheer and Sagarika's engagement party Hits and Flops of IPL 2017 IPL 2017: Roll of Honour Mighty Mumbai choke Pune to win IPL by one run IPL 2017 Final: Stage Set for Maharashtrian Derby talking point on sify sports About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Primetime Movies USA News UK News Latest News Most Read News (Today) Most Read (30days) Mobile Show Menu ~Home News General Top Stories Breaking News Crime/Legal Hausa Business Health Education Technology Travel Religion Romance Local Niger Delta News North South East West Showtime Music Videos Music Artists Celebrities AMAA Nollywood Politics Government Sports Soccer Odd World USA News Canada News UK News Africa Photos Video Movies Gossips Popular Links: Buhari Football EFCC Boko Haram Trending Nigerian Names Politics Home | News | General | Tax Fraud: Leo Messi and Father Sent to Jail by Supreme Court Falana to Fayose: Courts won’t allow your re-election bid, its illegal, unconstitutional Obasanjo, IBB, Others Running Nigeria With Buhari – Pat Utomi Alleges That The Economy is Under Hostage Tax Fraud: Leo Messi and Father Sent to Jail by Supreme Court Sonia Whyte 15 hours 37 minutes ago 1 0 View Comments Barcelona forward, Lionel Messi has been found guilty of fraud by the Supreme Court alongside his father with painful penalties served. Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM: General view more articles About Article Author Chuka (Webby) Aniemeka Chuka is an experienced certified web developer with an extensive background in computer science and 18+ years in web design &development. His previous experience ranges from redesigning existing website to solving complex technical problems with object-oriented programming. Very experienced with Microsoft SQL Server, PHP and advanced JavaScript. He loves to travel and watch movies. View More Articles Related Article UNBELIEVABLE!! Meet 5 People Who Survived The Impossible And Got The Lives Of Their Dreams 3 Types Of “Weed” Out There You Need To Know (Read) Enosoregbe and Agugbom Win NPA Tennis 100 Most Popular News Identity of Lagos Judge Allegedly Involved In Stealing N47 million Finally Revealed 0 FG begins N-power Non-graduates Scheme in July 0 Labour Party: Chibok Schoolgirls Were Never Kidnapped 0 Ahmed Musa Weds Girlfriend After Divorcing Jamila 0 Sultan of Sokoto: Nigerian Elites Are Greedy 0 Etebo, Onyekuru, Echiejile, NPFL Stars Land In Corsica For Eagles Friendly 0 Ernesto Valverde Leaves Athletic Bilbao Amid Barcelona Speculation 0 Ortom Finally Reveals Root of Face-off With Wike 0 How Customs seized a container with 440 guns imported from Turkey 0 Three men gang-rape one-year-old in Katsina 0 EFCC recovered N10 Billion property from Southsouth in two years - Magu 0 APC governors to meet on funding 0 World leaders condemn UK attack 0 Sydney FC vs Liverpool LIVE score and match updates as club legends join squad to play in post-season friendly 0 Who is Salman Abedi? All we know about the Manchester terror attack bomber who killed 22 at packed concert 0 Home Secretary Amber Rudd slams US for ‘irritating’ leaks about Manchester terror attack 0 Hostile environment training firm slammed for rocking sleepy town with explosions hours after Manchester attacks 0 Marnie Simpson apologises for wearing ‘racist jacket’ from Kanye West’s collection on Geordie Shore after backlash from fans 0 Emotional Shaun Ryder lost for words as he reveals he’d planned to take daughters to Ariana Grande’s Manchester gig 0 Why has terror threat been increased to ‘critical’ after Manchester Arena attack and what is Operation Temperer? 0 Spicy chewing gum, Celine Dion and £10,000 Glastonbury tickets: 21 things you didn’t know about Sam Allardyce 0 Mugabe has been looking a bit frail of late – and it may be deliberate 0 Biggest land occupation in South Africa's Cape Town is taking place 0 When Peter Ndlovu and Bruce Grobbelaar made Zimbabwe dare to dream 0 Peter Ndlovu calls for prayers 0 Mphoko storms police station over the arrest of Zanu-PF activists 0 Kasukuwere feels the heat 0 Zanu-PF MP accuses Prophet Angel of being a fraudster 0 Zimbabwe should be investing 6% of GDP in capital formation 0 Zanu-PF and MDC-T members expected to vote Mthwakazi party in 2018 0 CCDZ conducts community dialogue in Chinhoyi 0 Lagos 'CEO' Dupes 5 Banks, Others With Fake Bank Alerts And Cheques 0 Acting President Osinbajo Comes Out Straight On Corruption In Buhari’s Government 0 Kano's Anti-corruption Agency Insists Evidence Against Sanusi's Emirates Council Is Intact 0 Hope rises as Fashola commissions 100KW solar power project in Abuja (photo) 0 Nigeria's first deep-water delivers 702 million oil barrels in 12 years 0 Police send warning to IPOB over May 30 sit at home order 0 JUST IN: Pandemonium as 3 female bombers blow selves up in another attack on Maiduguri 0 Three men gang-rape one-year-old to coma in Katsina 0 Peace Corps commandant, Dickson Akoh begs court to allow him write his exam 0 Buratai saved Nigeria from coup – Aregbesola 0 Obasanjo, IBB, Danjuma, others running Nigeria with Buhari – Pat Utomi 0 Ortom fires back at David Mark for mocking him over wheelbarrow saga 0 Nigerian government borrowing too much – CBN 0 Europa League final: 10 things you need to know about Manchester United vs Ajax 0 Plateau Court sentences 5 to death for killing ‘witch’ 0 Ortom finally reveals root of face-off with Wike 0 Nigeria may cease to exist – Ezeife warns 0 Chibok Schoolgirls Were Never Kidnapped 0 Can I get over her infidelity 0 Asekutu, Okowa intelligence aide, harps on need for community cooperation 0 Youths beat up Borno lawmaker; hospitalised 0 Governor Wike Tries To Pacifiy His Unhappy Son At A Public Event In Rivers. Photo 0 Over 14 Passengers Dead As Luxurious Bus Falls Off A Cliff Into A Ditch. Photos 0 Women Waiting To Collect Teenage Daughters At Manchester Arena Both Died In Bombing. Pictured 0 Pro-Biafran Supporters Kneel As IPOB Leader Nnamdi Kanu Prays For Them. Photos 0 Arsenal Star Alexis Sanchez Completes Bizarre Transformation Into An Old Man. Photos 0 Beautician Beats 8-Year-Old Housemaid To Death In Lagos.... 0 Young Man Commits Suicide Inside An Uncompleted Building In Lagos. Graphic Photos 0 Yes, I’m Dating NAS But I Haven’t Let HIM SMASH ME YET!!! – Nicki Minaj Reveals 0 0 Video Of Ahmed Musa’s Wedding To His New Wife, Juliet Ejue Surfaces For The Doubters 0 0 Man docked for child defilement, granted bail 0 Proud Moses celebrates EPL title with family 0 ‘Edo State Did Not Spend N70m on Okpekpe Race’   0 Metrology institute vital for economic diversification – SON 0 Alcohol increases breast cancer risk – Researchers 0 IAAF Bronze Label  Okpekpe Road Race: Pam’s performance excites organiser 0 Areximbank named African Banker of the Year 0 Osinbajo mourns Onuekwusi 0 Bauchi embarks on registration of e-waste scavengers 0 Evander Holyfield donates $3m health equipment to Lagos State 0 HE IS A MADMAN! Donald Trump Lambastes North Korea’s Kim Jong-Un 0 Kogi Gov. Bello in voter registration scandal 0 In rare praise, Gov. Ganduje hails Kwankwaso as Kano’s second best governor 0 One dead as container falls in Lagos 0 Gov. Wike to honour Amaechi with top award 0 Wilfried Ndidi Listed Among Top 23 EPL Signings In 2016/17 Season 0 Ayo Fayose’s bid to seek re-election is anomalous – Falana 0 Photos:APC members burn brooms in Kaduna to mark their exit from party 0 Olubadan: My High Chiefs lying against me 0 Africa cannot become market for anybody who wants to sell anything – Kemi Adeosun 0 Solomon Dalung denies alleged N30m bribery scandal 0 Alcoholic Beverage Increases Breast Cancer Risk - Researchers 0 BOKO HARAM: Yet Again, three female suicide bombers attack Maiduguri 0 Poor environment delays FG’s feeding programme in Lagos 0 Dj Obi – talks about everyone jumping on the Afrobeats train & artists needs to protect their music 0 Praiz Talks About Controversy Surrounding New Single “Folasade” 0 KEL – Ego by Beyonce (Cover Verse) 0 Wizkid’s “Sounds From The Other Side” Gets Official Release Date 0 Burna Boy’s Team Responds To US Ban; Listen To Leaked Audio File 0 VIDEO PREMIERE: Selebobo – Waka Waka Ft. Davido 0 Check out the newest list of ☑Kwara State University courses in 2017 0 Important News: ⚜New National Open University School Fees in 2017 0 EFCC arraigns Jonathan's godson over N810m scam (photos) 0 Open the way to your future! ➤ Landmark University fees 2017! 0 UN raises N7.5 billion to tackle famine in the North east 0 6 facts you need to know about the coup rumour (No 2 is most important) 0 Acting President Osinbajo asks Dogara, others to approve borrow $1.28b, €9m 0 1 2 3 Displaying 1 - 100 of 298 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Trending Stories Breaking News: Popular Yoruba Actress, Moji Olaiya, Is dead 0 Meet World's Most Amazing Real Rapunzels 0 Mercy Aigbe’s Husband Lanre Released From Prison 0 Rapper MI Abaga Visits Jay Z’s Roc Nation Office In New York (Photo)  0 Banky W’s Wife, Adesua Etomi Replies Fan: I Make My Own Money, I Bagged Myself A ‘GOOD MAN’ 0 show all articles Top Stories Breaking: Cultists On Rampage,15 Feared Dead In Rivers 0 TOUCHING! Meet The 'Okada Man' Who Has No Fingers On His Hands (Photos) 0 SAD!Pregnant Woman Dies, Daughter Husband Injured In Car Crash 0 Fatal Accident Along Benin Highway Leaves 20 Dead (Photos) 0 Ghastly Accident At Ikeja-Along This Morning (Photo) 0 SAD! Naked Corpses Of Rape Victims Dumped In Ikorodu, Lagos (Graphic Photos) 0 Top 5 Deadliest Bank Robberies Across Nigeria In 2015 (Photos) 0 Notorious Armed Robbers Police Arrested In Port Harcourt (Photo) 0 SAD: Vehicle Crushes 4 Year Old Girl In Mother’s Shop In Lagos 0 Cult Members Kill 2 Traders Over Toll 0 Ooni of Ife’s Coronation Ceremony Begins (Photos) 0 Prostitution In Nigeria: 3500 Male Sex Workers Discovered In Abuja 0 Deplorable State Of Nigerians Deported From The UK 0 Murtala Muhammed’s Uncle, Magajin Garin Kano, Dies At 98 0 show all articles More from General OPINION: The good and the bad of Nigeria’s economic recovery, growth plan More trouble for Nigeria’s economy as excess crude account balance drops Nigerian military is the best - Group blasts Transparency International over negative report on army Victory in UK Court makes Ibori a victim of persecution — Aide Buhari’s wife, Aisha reveals President’s driving force show all articles Popular Articles Breaking News: Popular Yoruba Actress, Moji Olaiya, Is dead Acting President Yemi Osinbajo Reveals: Another Chibok Girl Has Been Found Nigerian Army Chief's Claim Sparks Demand For Investigation Exposed: Combined Wealth of Dangote, Adenuga, Otedola, Alakija, Danjuma Can Wipe Away Poverty In Nigeria Fayose warns: No Law Stops Me From Leaving PDP Recommended Okowa: What Buhari Needs Now Exposed: Combined Wealth of Dangote, Adenuga, Otedola, Alakija, Danjuma Can Wipe Away Poverty In Nigeria Judge Warns As DSS Fails To Produce Sambo Dasuki In Court Again LifeStyle Articles This Is How To Satisfy A Woman And Make Her Scream Your Name During S3x Lent Period: 6 Interesting Facts Only Catholics May Know Fan Tells Chimamanda On Facebook: Your Book, “Dear Ijeawele” Is Dead On Arrival 30 Questions To Ask Before Agreeing to Marry Divorce Seeking Husband Tells Court: My Wife Is 3 Months Pregnant For Another Man 6 Slightly Odd Ways Your Religion Is Causing More Harm Than Good How To Make Any Woman Cum Faster With These 3 Killer S3x Positions 7 Signs To Know If You Are Dating A Retired Prostitute How Do Females Cope With Male Gynaecologists? 5 Simple Rules That Will Help Kick Start Your Ride To Greatness Most Read Articles Identity of Lagos Judge Allegedly Involved In Stealing N47 million Finally Revealed   - A Lagos state judiciary judge is allegedly involved in money diversion - The judge involved is said to be Justice Ganiyu Safari - He reportedly took FG begins N-power Non-graduates Scheme in July The Presidency says the Federal Government will begin the non-graduates scheme component of the N-Power programme in July. Mr. Afolabi Imoukhuede, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Labour Party: Chibok Schoolgirls Were Never Kidnapped The Labour Party, LP,has said the Chibok schoolgirls were not kidnapped by Boko Haram insurgents, but were used to dent the image of former President, Ahmed Musa Weds Girlfriend After Divorcing Jamila Super Eagles and Leicester City forward, Ahmed Musa has finally wedded his ‘side chick' Juliet. The player had few weeks ago dumped his former wife who Sultan of Sokoto: Nigerian Elites Are Greedy Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, has described elite Nigerians as greedy. According to him, ordinary Nigerians only needed government support to make life show all articles Latest Comments Latest Photo Galleries Ambode Commissions Newly Upgraded Tinubu Square Fountain Ambode vows to preserve Lagos historical, cultural heritage  Commissions newly upgraded Tinubu Square Fountain Lagos State Governor, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode on Friday expressed the resolve of his View gallery 9 Photos Photos of Celebrities That Attended Toke Makinwa's Slumber Party In Lagos Last night in Lagos on the eve of the New Years weekend, Toke Makinwa threw a fabulous pyjama party. Taking over the luxurious pamper house, View gallery 9 Photos World News Pastor Chamisa, a dictator in the making 0 Zimbabwe National Army dispels recruitment rumours 0 Former Bulawayo City man takes over at Harare City 0 show all articles Popular Articles Identity of Lagos Judge Allegedly Involved In Stealing N47 million Finally Revealed 0 FG begins N-power Non-graduates Scheme in July 0 Tinubu to sponsor late Moji Olaiya’s burial 0 show all articles Latest News Bola Tinubu Hosts Former Boxing Champion Holyfield At His Ikoyi Residence. Photos 0 African Migrants Including Children Drown Off The Coast In Libya After Crossing The Sea.... Photos 0 Twerking Gone Wrong; See What Happened To A Woman Who Got Carried Away While Dancing... Photos 0 show all articles © 2009 - Copyright Onlinenigeria.com. All Rights reserved.
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 271/5 (48.2) - NZ 270/8 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Sports News Spanish court orders Lionel Messi, dad to jail for 21-months for tax fraud Shares1 Wed, 24 May 2017-09:56pm , ANI The Supreme Court of Spain sentenced Argentine and Barcelona FC football star Lionel Messi to serve a 21-month jail sentence and pay a fine of 2.09 million Euro (USD 2.25 million) for tax fraud on Wednesday. Messi and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million Euros of Messi?s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. They were declared guilty in July 2016. The income related to Messi?s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter and Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Messi's father was also asked to serve time in jail for 21 months. However, local media is reporting that these jail sentences are likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year?s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and ?knew nothing? about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi?s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain?s public deficit down. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sports Europa League:| Ajax vs Manchester United: Live Streaming and where to watch on TV in India Sports Del Potro suffers shock exit in Lyon, Milos Raonic marches on Sports Australia captain Steve Smith wants to put behind payment disputes distraction and focus on winning Champions trophy Sports Watch | 'I suffer with you' - Manchester United icon Eric Cantona's emotional video tribute after Manchester attack Sports Chelsea cancel Premier League victory parade after Manchester attack Sports India qualifies for knockout stage of Sudirman Cup for second time Live Cricket Score Live BAN 271/5 (48.2) BAN beat NZ by 5 wickets NZ 270/8 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Messi guilty or not? Prosecutors at loggerheads in tax fraud trial I signed documents because I trusted my father: Messi on tax evasion fraud charges Here's why Mascherano won't serve jail term in spite of being charged in tax fraud case Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... WATCH | Manchester Terror Attacks: Islamic State claims responsibility, says it was revenge for attacks on 'Muslim lands' WATCH| US President Donald Trump seems right at home dancing with swords in Saudi Arabia View all Tags Jorge Horacio Messi Lionel Messi Spain Adidas Belize Danone Switzerland Uruguay Supreme Court Barcelona FC Britain Pepsi-Cola Procter and Gamble SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News In testing Montana vote for Trump, Republican caught up in brawl In 'war' against Naxals, roads hold the key: police EAM Sushma Swaraj welcomes 'India's daughter' Uzma Philippines deploys helicopters in battle to retake city from Islamist rebels Indian woman forced to marry in Pak returns home; Swaraj Sport SEE PICS: Dhoni, Kohli and Co enjoy Sachin's movie before leaving for Champions Trophy We need to make good start at Men's HWL Semi-Final-Chinglensana Singh Rugby-Wallaby Beale rested for June tests, Genia back Soccer-Everton eyeing 'productive' players in transfer window Tennis-Siegemund out of French Open, Del Potro doubtful Entertainment Kashish: 8th edition of South Asia's largest LGBTQI film fest takes off with much fanfare! 'Wonder Woman' UK premiere cancelled after Manchester bombings Nadia Khan accuses H'wood actor of assaulting her daughter REVEALED: Why Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif may NOT shoot a song together for 'Jagga Jasoos' Not so difficult to strike a balance: Pitt on stardom, Money BHEL commissions 270 MW thermal unit in Maharashtra Refined soya futures rise 0.34% as demand picks up Wheat futures remain weak, slide 0.31% on higher supply Chinese media dismisses India's move to block Chinese power companies GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia shares race to 2-yr high as Fed signals no rush to tighten Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN YOUTH EDUCATION AFRICA Search Realnews Magazine POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN YOUTH EDUCATION AFRICA 27 C Lagos Thursday, May 25, 2017 Home About Us Vision & Mission Contact Us Home Sports Messi: Spain’s Supreme Court Confirms 21-Month Jail Sentence Sports Messi: Spain’s Supreme Court Confirms 21-Month Jail Sentence May 24, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter SPAIN’s Supreme Court on Wednesday, May 24, confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. – AFP —  May 24, 2017 @ 16:00 GMT SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleCommunications Summit Set to Train Young Professionals Next articleNNPC Invites Chinese Investors for its R&D Venture publisher LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter your comment! Please enter your name here You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Just Posted Only PDP Can Save Nigeria – Wike May 24, 2017 Fayose’s Bid to Seek Re-Election is Anomalous – Falana May 24, 2017 Igbo Have Invested More in Nigeria than Hausa, Yoruba – Iwuanyanwu May 24, 2017 Defence Headquarters Dismisses Coup Plot Rumour May 24, 2017 AfDB, IFC Agree to Promote Investments that Benefit Women in Africa May 24, 2017 Load more Popular posts The Many Risks of Slimming Tea The Many Benefits of Bitter Kola Nigeria’s Hungriest Face Starvation as Aid Funds Dry Up in N’East — UN Igbo Have Invested More in Nigeria than Hausa, Yoruba – Iwuanyanwu Cardinal Onaiyekan Leads Abuja Centenary Celebration of Our Lady of Fatima Lagos to Experience Five-Day Power Outage PDP Crisis: Supreme Court Strikes Out Modu Sheriff’s Motion Seeking to Stop Makarfi’s Appeal Osinbajo Seeks Reps’ Approval for $1.28bn, €9m Loans House of Reps Passes 2017 Budget of N7. 44 trillion JAMB Advises Candidates to Check E-mails, CBT Centres for UTME Notifications Home About Us Vision & Mission Contact Us © 2017, Realnews Magazine | All Rights Reserved | Site Design: Zero-One
Menu Home News International National Western Cape Business Politics Sport Cricket Highlights Rugby Soccer Lifestyle & Entertainment Celebrity Recipes Entertainment Gadget & Games Tonight Cinema Lifestyle Travel Parenting Health & Beauty Horoscope Photo of the Day Cape Spy Opinion Sport Dudley Carstens Julia Stuart Matthew Marcus Nick Feinberg Motoring Current Affairs Munier Grootbek Bobby Brown Lifestyle Moeshfieka Botha Waseef Piekaan Cooksisters Multimedia Competitions Contact Us You are here:  Home Sport Soccer Jail for Lionel Messi? Jail for Lionel Messi? BY  World Leagues On  May 24, 2017 Soccer, Sport Lionel Messi sits in court with his father Jorge Horacio Messi during their trial for tax fraud in CREDIT: Alberto Estevez/Reuters Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. Share this on WhatsApp The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail – sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. AFP Email this page Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share this on WhatsApp Recommended for you SA lose to Italy 2-0 in FIFA Under-20 World Cup South Africa Under-20 lost to Italy 2-0 in their FIFA Under-20 World Cup Group D clash at the Suwon World Cup Stadium, in Korea Republic on Wednesday. May 24, 2017 Mata tells tired Red Devils to get up for Euro glory Manchester United’s Juan Mata has his sights set on a trophy and Champions League qualification in tonight’s Europa League final 8.45pm. May 24, 2017 Amajita in a must-win clash against Italians Coach Thabo Senong says it’s do or die for his laaities against Italy at the U20 World Cup today 10am. May 24, 2017 Cape Town 14° light rain humidity: 97% wind: 1m/s SE H 16 • L 13 14° Fri 13° Sat 17° Sun 18° Mon 17° Tue Weather from OpenWeatherMap Most Popular WATCH: What about us, Zuma? “What about us?” ask the mothers of two children who were murdered on the Cape... Elsies cops 'in trouble' for sloppy work on Courtney's case President Jacob Zuma and Police Minister Fikile Mbalula are expected to meet this week to... Heroic man dies saving girlfriend from six 'rapists' The heroic boyfriend, whose identity has not yet been disclosed, died at the scene and... Popstar offers to pay for #ManchesterBlast victims' funerals The star is believed to have spoken to the families of those who lost their... Another forensic pathologist testifies Henri’s wounds were self-inflicted Johan Dempers drew up his report in August 2015 after analysing photographs of Henri van... CONTACT Email: dailyvoice@inl.co.za Contact: 021 488 4087 Address: Newspaper House 122 St Georges Mall 8000 Cape Town, South Africa Terms and Conditions It is important to note that the use of this website is subject to terms and conditions. By using this site the user agrees and is deemed to have agreed to observe all terms and conditions of the use, including any privacy or other policies which may appear elsewhere on the website. Read the Terms and Conditions here. ABOUT THE DAILY VOICE The Daily Voice is a Cape tabloid newspaper that captures the life of working class communities. We speak the people’s language, tell the people’s stories and champion the people’s issues by giving a voice to the voiceless. Home News International National Western Cape Business Politics Back Sport Cricket Highlights Rugby Soccer Back Lifestyle & Entertainment Celebrity Recipes Entertainment Gadget & Games Tonight Cinema Lifestyle Travel Parenting Health & Beauty Horoscope Photo of the Day Cape Spy Back Opinion Sport Dudley Carstens Julia Stuart Matthew Marcus Nick Feinberg Motoring Current Affairs Munier Grootbek Bobby Brown Lifestyle Moeshfieka Botha Waseef Piekaan Cooksisters Back Multimedia Competitions Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar Electric Toothbrush Market by Type, Application & Region: Global Trends and Forecast to 2022 Market Size Forecasters released a new research report of 157 pages on title ‘2017 Top 5 Electric Toothbrush Manufacturers in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers important players such as including covering are Wellness Oral Care, PURSONIC, Smilex The Global Electric Toothbrush market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Electric Toothbrush Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering –  Philips Sonicare, Oral-B(P & G), Panasonic, Omron Healthcare, Colgate-Palmolive, FOREO, Wellness Oral Care, PURSONIC, Smilex Request a sample copy of Electric Toothbrush Market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/63890/?utm_source=SPR-NL Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like – North America (United States, Canada and Mexico), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea), Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc., South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina), Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into –  Rechargeables, Battery The listed pricing for this Electric Toothbrush Market report starts at $ 4960. Request Discount for Electric Toothbrush Market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/63890 Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Electric Toothbrush in each application, can be divided into Adults, Children Browse full table of contents and data tables For Electric Toothbrush Market Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/2017-top-5-electric-toothbrush-manufacturers-in-north-america-europe-asia-pacific-south-america-middle-east-and-africa Related Reports: – Global and Chinese Electric Toothbrush Industry, 2017 Market Research Report The ‘Global and Chinese Electric Toothbrush Industry, 2012-2022 Market Research Report’ is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Electric Toothbrush industry with a focus on the Chinese market. https://marketsizeforecasters.com/global-and-chinese-electric-toothbrush-industry-2017-market About Us: MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Contact Us: Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: https://marketsizeforecasters.com/news Connect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsElectric Toothbrush Industry, Electric Toothbrush Industry size, Electric Toothbrush Market, Electric Toothbrush market forecast, Electric Toothbrush Market size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Viking Completes Drilling of 6 New Oil Wells Next PostNext SMART Global Holdings, Inc. Prices Initial Public Offering Search Recent Posts Video Event Data Recorder Market to worth US$ 3.2 Bn by the end of 2026 GCC Companies See Significant Rise in Fraud and Risk Incidents According to Kroll Global Fraud Report GCC Companies See Significant Rise in Fraud and Risk Incidents According to Kroll Global Fraud Report Refrigerated Vehicles Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2015 to 2021 Toshiba Tec Unveils World’s First Monochrome Multi-function Peripheral with Erasable Print Capability Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
    Search  Horoscope India Politics Crime All India World South Asia Asia Middle East Africa Europe Americas Oceania Metros Delhi Kolkata Mumbai In Other Cities Business Economy Market Companies Autos In Other News Opinion Edit Oped Columnists Interview of the Week Reporter's Diary The Age Debate Here and Now Sports Cricket Tennis Football In Other sports Technology Mobiles & Tabs Gadgets In Other news Reviews Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Movie Reviews TV Music In Other News Photos Life Health Fashion Food Travel Art Relationship More Features Newsmakers Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks   Menu e-Paper | Age on Sunday  Auto Refresh  Search   Horoscope ↑ Grab this Headline Animator Thursday, May 25, 2017 | Last Update : 12:33 PM IST Home India World Metros Business Opinion Sports Technology Entertainment Photos Life Newsmakers More   Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks  BREAKING !  :  Chopper with Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis on board crash lands in Latur   Sports, Football Spain Supreme Court confirms Lionel Messi’s 21-month fraud sentence AFP Published : May 24, 2017, 7:08 pm IST Updated : May 24, 2017, 7:09 pm IST Last year, Lionel Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed.  Lionel Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending. (Photo: AP) Madrid: Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro (USD 2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail – sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year's trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain's public deficit down. Tags: lionel messi, lionel messi tax fraud Related Stories 'Best ever' Lionel Messi turns tables on Real Madrid Lionel Messi gives Barca a sniff MOST POPULAR 1 Uttar Pradesh: Muslims to participate in Yoga Day event 2 Maharashtra: Acid attack survivor finds love through wrong number 3 US mom who attended every class with quadriplegic son gets MBA degree 4 Pandya Brothers: Keeping the checks and balances in place for Mumbai Indians 5 Pulkit Samrat accuses popular production company of fraudulence on Twitter more Editors' Picks Hackers break Samsung Galaxy S8’s strong iris scanning security with great ease Rohit Sharma to be Virat Kohli’s Team India deputy in ICC Champions Trophy? Azlan Shah Cup 2017: India ride Mandeep Singh hat-trick to defeat Japan Hardik and Krunal Pandya buy new home in Mumbai IPL 10: Yuvraj Singh gives RCB sunstroke more ALSO FROMEntertainment Gallery Aishwarya to walk the red carpet at Cannes today; can she better these looks from the past? Deepika Padukone is turning heads and having a ball at Cannes Screening time! Half Girlfriend and Hindi Medium teams watch their films Akshay supports Government initiative, Gauri designs sculpture on Maharashtra Day After Salman, now Aamir launches Asha Parekh's autobiography Vinod Khanna: Life and times of the actor-politician Home Deccan Chronicle Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 - 2017 The Asian Age. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Cricket Football Features Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Cricket Football Features + Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives + India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Trending Now #Saharanpur #SachinABillionDreams #MumbaiIndians #ManchesterAttack #GST #Cannes2017 #CyberAttack #AAP #RealEstateAct #KulbhushanJadhav Home / Sports / Spain’s Supreme Court confirms jail term to Lionel Messi, father for tax fraud Spain’s Supreme Court confirms jail term to Lionel Messi, father for tax fraud — By Agencies | May 24, 2017 06:53 pm FOLLOW US: (FILES) This file photo taken on June 2, 2016 shows Barcelona's football star Lionel Messi (R) followed by his father Jorge Horacio Messi arriving at the courthouse on June 2, 2016 in Barcelona, where Messi and his father are to face judges in a tax fraud case. / AFP PHOTO / Josep LAGO Madrid: Spain’s Supreme Court today confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro (USD 2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that were hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi- Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of fewer than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. Share this Post: « Previous Article Makers of Tubelight released Sohail Khan still image Next Article » Deprived of sleep? You may soon face these health issues Tagged with: Barcelona jail term to Lionel Messi Kuwait Food Company Lionel Messi Lionel Messi father Jorge Horacio Messi Spain Supreme Court Tax fraud JUST ARRIVED Karan Johar birthday: Shocking controversies of the Bollywood filmmaker Mumbai tragedy: Kerala teenager loses life in train mishap in Vasai Indian woman forced to marry Pakistani man returns home ENGvsSA: Eion Morgan ton sets up England win over South Africa TV has given me a following I never had, says Suniel Shetty EDITOR’S PICK Manchester terror may have more to it The ghastly terror attack by a suicide bomber at a theatre show in Manchester which was mostly attended by young… No real headway in clearing old cases It is deeply regrettable that Chief Justice of India JS Khehar’s well-intentioned attempt to send out a message on the… State’s amazing feat of de-risking farmers Maharashtra is a rich state where its farmers are poor. And it isn’t because they don’t get loan waivers.  Farmers… Action against separatists still in its infancy After three years of patience and hope that Pakistan would finally see reason, the Narendra Modi government seems to be… Trump’s outreach to Saudis at Iran’s cost US President Donald Trump’s first visit abroad as President to Saudi Arabia has fuelled tension between the Saudis and Iran… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others Two blasts at transport terminal in Indonesian capital, casualties feared Business Standard Spain SC confirms 21-month jail sentence, $2 mn fine to Messi in fraud case Sentence may be suspended as is norm in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes AFP | PTI  |  Madrid  May 24, 2017 Last Updated at 22:10 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVnFql File photo: Lionel Messi ALSO READ Fifa bans Lionel Messi bans for four Argentina games Football mourns as plane crash kills Brazilian players Under Messi's gaze From a Mumbai village to playing football in Russia Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi's image rights that were hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi- Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail -- sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year's trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain's public deficit down. Read More On Spain | Lionel Messi | Messi Tax Fraud | Spain Supreme Court | Jorge Horacio Messi | Sports News | Lionel Messi Tax Fraud Case | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Spain SC confirms 21-month jail sentence, $2 mn fine to Messi in fraud case Sentence may be suspended as is norm in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes Spain's Supreme Court today confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro (USD 2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi- Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail -- sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for . Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi's image rights that were hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi- Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail -- sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year's trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain's public deficit down. AFP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Spain SC confirms 21-month jail sentence, $2 mn fine to Messi in fraud case Sentence may be suspended as is norm in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi's image rights that were hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi- Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail -- sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year's trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain's public deficit down. AFP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Can't connect right now! retry Home latest pakistan world sports entertaintment business health Amazing Sci-Tech Videos shows GEO Urdu Tv . Radio. X Home Latest Pakistan World Sports Entertainment Business Health Amazing Sci-Tech TV Shows Videos Urdu .Radio .Tv Panama Leaks Manchester Blast Kulbhushan Jadhav Champions Trophy Mashal Khan Advertisement sports Wednesday May 24 2017 By AAFP Spain Supreme Court confirms Messi fraud sentence By AAFP Wednesday May 24, 2017 MADRID: Spain´s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi´s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi´s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail -- sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year´s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi´s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain´s public deficit down. Advertisement More From Sports: sports Bangladesh confident of Champions Trophy chances Updated 3 hours ago sports Morgan ton leads England to opening win over South Africa Updated 3 hours ago sports Man Utd fans celebrate triumph after tragedy Updated 5 hours ago sports United outclass Ajax to win Europa League on emotional night Updated 9 hours ago sports Bangladesh beat New Zealand by five wickets Updated 13 hours ago sports Jones says Sharjeel's dot balls not suspicious Updated 13 hours ago sports Cricket great Tendulkar's life brought to silver screen Updated 16 hours ago sports 'Just a game of cricket', says Kohli of India-Pakistan clash Updated 17 hours ago sports Bowlers need to get creative with yorkers Updated 20 hours ago Load More Advertisement Latest view all Pakistan 5 minutes ago Sindh IG missing in top officials' huddle at home ministry Pakistan 41 minutes ago Jadhav's death sentence hinders release of Pakistani boys Pakistan 51 minutes ago Uzma reaches India safe and sound Pakistan an hour ago Campus where Mashal Khan murdered reopens Advertisement
Sign in Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Sign in / Join About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Contact Times Heroes Award Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Daily Times Nigeria Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Home Sport Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence Sport Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence By DTN STAFF - May 24, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAmosun warns primary school pupils against cultism Next articleProfessionalism will bring innovation to public service, says Ekiti HOS DTN STAFF RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News Manchester United wind Europa League, qualify for UEFA Champions League Sport Newcastle sign Ghana international Atsu Sport Evander Holyfield: Greatest boxer of all times – Ambode Sport Super Eagles star, Ahmed Musa, weds new lover Sport Super Eagles Vs Corsica International Friendly May 26 2017 – Sports Sport CAN Novelty Match And Sports Awards Hold June 3 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Latest News Dasuki, El-Zakzaky: Falana, HURIWA blast Presidency May 25, 2017 Assets Declaration: ex-Naval Chief, Jibrin to face CCB soon May 25, 2017 No coup plot against Buhari – Military May 25, 2017 Implement National confab recommendations, Jonathan urges FG May 25, 2017 Nigeria gets $908.3m capital importation in Q1 – Report May 25, 2017 Please forward all your opinion stories to opinion@dailytimes.ng Tags 2015 Election 2015 Elections Abuja All Progressives Congress All Progressives Congress (APC) Ambode APC Boko Haram Buhari CBN Court EFCC Election Elections Fayose FG football General Muhammadu Buhari Goodluck Jonathan Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) INEC Jega Jonathan Lagos Military Newspaper Nigeria NNPC nollywood NSE PDP Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Police politics President President Elect President Goodluck Jonathan Rivers state Senate South Africa Sports ticker UN US Wike Nigeria's oldest newspaper, providing breaking news on politics, sports, business, entertainment, arts and lifestyle. POPULAR POSTS Donald Trump to arrest Mugabe and 6 other African leaders within... January 23, 2017 Trump Orders Removal Of Islamic Symbols, Practices In The White House January 24, 2017 Graphic photos from the University of Maiduguri mosque bomb blast January 16, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY News15071 Headlines5762 Sport3860 Politics2858 Business2736 Entertainment2483 Celebrities1400 Opinion1116 World971 About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Terms of use Privacy Policy Contact © 1926 - 2016 Daily Times of Nigeria Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon %d bloggers like this:
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Thursday, May 25, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics After Bihar, Lalu Prasad Yadav out to play 'grand alliance' card in Delhi Mamata, Modi 'two flowers form the same stalk', says Congress after she meets PM KCR's 'anger' at Amit Shah could be a problem for BJP: Saffron party needs TRS to avoid vacuum in Telangana Aam Aadmi Party to launch farmer outreach programme in Delhi to increase its mass base Amit Shah's comments over central funds given to Telangana: CM K Chandrasekar Rao seeks apology from BJP chief BSP leaders meet Yogi Adityanath, allege Mayawati not provided proper security Sports Champions Trophy 2017: BCCI raises concerns over team security after Manchester terror attack ISL: Mohun Bagan refuse to submit bid document unless demands are met Europa League final: Manchester United fans 'defiant' despite tragedy at home Europa League final: Manchester United won title for terror attack victims, says Paul Pogba Champions Trophy 2013: When Shikhar Dhawan's heroics with bat helped India conquer title Premier League: Chelsea cancel victory parade due to Manchester terror attack India Uzma, Indian woman forced to marry a Pakistani returns home; Sushma Swaraj calls her 'India's daughter' Devendra Fadnavis to launch 'Samwad Sabha' to reach out to agitating farmers in Maharashtra United Nations lauds India's commitment to peacekeeping, calls it 'amazing contribution to world peace' Saharanpur violence: Section 144 imposed; UP govt sacks top district administration authorities ICSE Class 10th and Class 12th board exam results may be announced soon; check your grades on cisce.org NEET 2017: Supreme Court refuses to grant urgent hearing on cancellation of medical entrance exam World US warship sails close to South China Sea island claimed by Beijing: Official Taiwan military holds war games simulating Chinese island attack United Nations lauds India's commitment to peacekeeping, calls it 'amazing contribution to world peace' Despite terror attack, Manchester's multicultural community is still going strong French police arrests two women on suspicion of planning terrorist plot After Manchester Arena attack, Ariana Grande suspends world tour till 5 June Business Pakistan defence spend likely to shoot up by 30%, but Nawaz Sharif's real enemies are Chinese debt trap, poverty Cabinet okays abolition of FIPB: Say happy goodbye to license raj institution Infosys charts out strategy to hire and train 10,000 US workers in face of visa pressures NEET 2017: Supreme Court refuses to grant urgent hearing on cancellation of medical entrance exam Sensex jumps 163 pts on strong Asian cues, Nifty above 9,400 on short covering ahead of F&O expiry IMAX hopes for 'Avatar' effect from 'Baahubali 2' in India, looks to expand in northern markets Life Eating beans instead of beef likely to reduce greenhouse gases responsible for climate change, say researchers Taiwan's landmark ruling in favour of gay marriage possible because of Chi Chia-wei's 30-year-long activism Taiwan becomes first country in Asia to legalise gay marriage Scientists develop new 'sperm radar' test to improve fertility diagnosis without killing them How India likes its women: Bikinis in Baywatch are fine, but sanitary napkins? Still taxable Treatment for Parkinson's might work for Alzheimer's, Huntington's too: Study Entertainment The Mummy: Universal Pictures unveils new clips and two IMAX posters of the reboot Rajinikanth's Kaala Karikaalan first look: Thalaiva's next is a gangster flick based in Mumbai Sonu Nigam's degeneration from lead singer to chorus of Twitter trolls is a travesty of his talent IMAX hopes for 'Avatar' effect from 'Baahubali 2' in India, looks to expand in northern markets After Manchester Arena attack, Ariana Grande suspends world tour till 5 June Game of Thrones season 7 trailer: As Jon Snow warns, 'The Great War is here' Photos Videos TECH2 हिंदी IPL 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Sports News Barcelona star Lionel Messi's jail sentence over tax fraud upheld by Spain's Supreme Court Barcelona star Lionel Messi's jail sentence over tax fraud upheld by Spain's Supreme Court SportsAFPMay, 24 2017 18:06:33 IST #Barcelona#Fc barcelona#Football#Kickingaround#Lionel messi#Lionel messi tax fraud#Spain#Spanish supreme court#Tax evasion#Tax fraud   Madrid: Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. File photo of Lionel Messi. Getty Images Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year's trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain's public deficit down. Meanwhile, Barcelona's Argentine defender Javier Mascherano also agreed a one-year suspended sentence with authorities for tax fraud earlier this year. A Spanish court earlier this month also ordered Neymar and his parents to stand trial for alleged "business corruption". #Barcelona#Fc barcelona#Football#Kickingaround#Lionel messi#Lionel messi tax fraud#Spain#Spanish supreme court#Tax evasion#Tax fraud Published Date: May 24, 2017 06:06 pm | Updated Date: May 24, 2017 06:06 pm Also See Former Barcelona president Sandro Rosell arrested over alleged money laundering La Liga: Cristiano Ronaldo guides Real Madrid to 33rd Spanish title with Malaga win Argentina drop Sergio Aguero, recall Mauro Icardi for June friendlies Top Stories Despite terror attack, Manchester's multicultural community is still going strong UN Rejects Pak Claim That Indian Troops Targeted UN Vehicle Near LoC Kashmir human shield victim calls Major Gogoi's award illegal, files complaint with SHRC Champions Trophy 2017: Virat Kohli says disastrous season with RCB taught him to accept limitations Should heads of government development bodies become RERA regulators? Pakistan defence spend likely to shoot up by 30%, but Nawaz Sharif's real enemies are Chinese debt trap, poverty Sachin: A Billion Dreams premiere — SRK, Anushka Sharma, Virat Kohli, other celebrities spotted Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA England beat South Africa by 72 runs Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN Vs NZ Bangladesh beat New Zealand by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 1 run Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE Vs NZ New Zealand beat Ireland by 190 runs Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE Vs BAN Bangladesh beat Ireland by 8 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs KOL Mumbai Indians beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 6 wickets Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN Vs NZ New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 7 wickets (D/L method) Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Mumbai Indians by 20 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs BLR Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Delhi Daredevils by 10 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS vs SL - May 26th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 BAN vs PAK - May 27th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - May 27th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND vs NZ - May 28th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS vs PAK - May 29th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - May 29th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ vs SL - May 30th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND vs BAN - May 30th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs BAN - Jun 1st, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs NZ - Jun 2nd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
₦airaland Forum Welcome, Guest: Join Nairaland / LOGIN! / Trending / Recent / New Stats: 1,808,795 members, 3,555,550 topics. Date: Thursday, 25 May 2017 at 08:04 AM Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence - Sports - Nairaland Nairaland Forum / Entertainment / Sports / Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence (25384 Views) Messi’s Tax-fraud Sentence Reviewed By Spainish Supreme Court / Messi Sentenced To Prison In Spain For Tax Fraud / Man City Confirms Iheanacho's First Team Promotion (1) (2) (3) (4) (0) (1) (2) (Reply) (Go Down) Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by nurex01(m): 1:25pm On May 24 Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. afp http://punchng.com/supreme-court-confirms-messi-fraud-sentence/ 1 Like 1 Share Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by themmydhayhor(m): 1:27pm On May 24 . Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by IhateAfonjas(m): 1:32pm On May 24 His charges were dropped because he's very wealthy If a bus driver in Spain catches a case like that, he will never see the sky ever in his life, he will have a personalized room in the prison 30 Likes Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by veekid(m): 1:32pm On May 24 lobatan Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by Exceptionalgod(f): 1:32pm On May 24 stc Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by Alisegun(m): 1:32pm On May 24 Lobatan End Time Couple Get Married Completely N*ked in Front of Total | SEE Photos Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by Moreoffaith(m): 1:32pm On May 24 ha Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by andymofia(m): 1:32pm On May 24 when will he be jailed? 2 Likes Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by phransix2: 1:33pm On May 24 Even if he's sent to death by hanging doesn't change the fact he's still the best player ever... 52 Likes 1 Share Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by olaezebala: 1:33pm On May 24 Messi we love you. Even if you play for Prison FC as you are about to, we will support you. 65 Likes 2 Shares Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by Sisqoman(m): 1:33pm On May 24 Wow! So impressive, not only nigeria thief dey. 2 Likes 1 Share Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by IRobot7(m): 1:33pm On May 24 Well, that isn't much of a problem to him. 1 Like 1 Share Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by Lifezhead: 1:33pm On May 24 E don set Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by negz1(m): 1:34pm On May 24 Them go soon full here Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by Ojestas(m): 1:34pm On May 24 andymofia: when will he be jailed? June 2. . on cl final day 2 Likes Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by TheLogicalMind: 1:34pm On May 24 But it will be a suspended sentence because he is a first time offender. That means he will essentially be on probation. He won't do any jail time unless he commits another crime during the period of serving his suspended sentence. So if I were a Madrid fan, I won't rejoice just yet. He'll still be around to wreck you guys next season 57 Likes 1 Share Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by IYANGBALI: 1:35pm On May 24 Ronaldo have woned 2 Likes 1 Share Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by sirvvy: 1:35pm On May 24 IhateAfonjas: Bb IRobot7: V Alisegun: n themmydhayhor: . Space Bookers Association 2 Likes 1 Share Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by hezy4real01(m): 1:35pm On May 24 Oya make them go serve 2yrs sharply...... Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by onosprince(m): 1:35pm On May 24 Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by wilcoxz(m): 1:35pm On May 24 Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by intruxive: 1:35pm On May 24 ok, messi is going to be playing for prison united next season, while ronaldo wins world best for the 6th time 4 Likes Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by Lanretoye(m): 1:35pm On May 24 if messi go jail make i brown. 2 Likes Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by Everest1989(m): 1:35pm On May 24 make I hear say he go jail...him no dey go anywhere... 2 Likes Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by AkQWA: 1:35pm On May 24 Money is never enough, the more you have the more you want 1 Like Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by HIRAETH(f): 1:36pm On May 24 Crying Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by flyover30(m): 1:36pm On May 24 well,I don't tink he will be freed this time,but if he had paid back the tax,lighter sentence would be granted Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by neutrotoba(m): 1:36pm On May 24 We're sending Scofield after you man.. Or rather, Kaniel Outis 1 Like Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by flyover30(m): 1:37pm On May 24 well,I don't tink he will be freed this time,but if he had paid back the tax,lighter sentence would be granted.here in Europe,if u evade tax,for their eye u worse pass anini. 1 Like Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by Ericjohnsonjnr: 1:38pm On May 24 Don't tell me messi is going to jail.... God will punish Nigerian judges who can only send a man or woman who steal food or phone to jail and not those bastard who steal billions of naira and still go to court with escort and entourage .... quote me you pay 50,000 like I pay you 000,05 2 Likes Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by sirusX(m): 1:38pm On May 24 Everest1989: make I hear say he go jail...him no dey go anywhere...GBAM!! Na dem go lose Dem for tax everything nah...if na money dem dey find Re: Supreme Court Confirms Messi Fraud Sentence by badmrkt(m): 1:38pm On May 24 fraudlona, taxEvasionlona, Uefalona, thieflona. they are definitely more than a club. 4 Likes 1 Share (0) (1) (2) (Reply) Police Arrests Robbers Who Attacked Ogenyi Onazi's Home In Jos / Loveth Daily Bets 1X2 (picks) / First Picture Of Leicester's New Signing Wilfried Ndidi In Training Viewing this topic: 1 guest(s) (Go Up) Sections: politics (1) business autos (1) jobs (1) career education (1) romance computers phones travel sports fashion health religion celebs tv-movies music-radio literature webmasters programming techmarket Links: (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) Nairaland - Copyright © 2005 - 2017 Oluwaseun Osewa. All rights reserved. See How To Advertise. 57 Disclaimer: Every Nairaland member is solely responsible for anything that he/she posts or uploads on Nairaland.
We use cookies to provide you with a better onsite experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Skip to main content SubscribeMenu Scientific American English Cart 0 Sign In  |   Register Email:Password:Forgot password?LoginNot yet registered?SearchSubscribe English Español العربية Other Editions Search Close Search The Sciences Mind Health Tech Sustainability Education Video Podcasts Blogs Store SubscribeCurrent Issue Cart Sign In Register Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Electronics When Hatred Goes Viral: Inside Social Media’s Efforts to Combat Terrorism Online video serves the Islamic State and other terrorist organizations as a powerful tool for recruiting new members and inciting violence. A potential fix remains curiously in limbo By Larry Greenemeier on May 24, 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Email Print Share via Google+ Stumble Upon Credit: Jochen Tack Getty Images Advertisement | Report Ad On New Year’s Eve in 2015 local and federal agents arrested a 26-year-old man in Rochester, N.Y., for planning to attack people at random later that night using knives and a machete. Just before his capture Emanuel L. Lutchman had made a video—to be posted to social media following the attack—in which he pledged his allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, or ISIS. Lutchman would later say a key source of inspiration for his plot came from similar videos, posted and shared across social media and Web sites in support of the Islamic State and “violent jihad.” Lutchman—now serving a 20-year prison sentence—was especially captivated by videos of Anwar al-Awlaki, a U.S.-born cleric and al Qaeda recruiter in Yemen. Al-Awlaki’s vitriolic online sermons are likewise blamed for inspiring the 2013 Boston Marathon bombers and several other prominent terrorist attacks in the U.S. and Europe over the past 15 years. Officials had been monitoring Lutchman’s activities days before his arrest and moved in immediately after he finished making his video—which was never posted, and ironically ended up serving as evidence of his intention to commit several crimes. But al-Awlaki’s videos continue to motivate impressionable young people more than five years after the cleric—dubbed the “bin Laden of the internet”—died in a U.S. drone strike. Facebook, Twitter and Google’s YouTube have been scrambling to remove terrorist propaganda videos and shut down accounts linked to ISIS and some other violent groups. The footage has been copied and shared so many times, however, that it remains widely available on those sites to digitally savvy and extremism-prone millennials like Lutchman and Omar Mir Seddique Mateen. The latter pledged allegiance to ISIS on social media before murdering 49 people in Orlando’s Pulse Nightclub last June. Social media companies have long used sophisticated algorithms to mine users’ words, images, videos and location data to improve search results and to finely target advertising. But efforts to apply similar technology to root out videos that promote terrorists’ causes, recruit new members and raise funding have been less successful. Video, which makes up well over half of mobile online traffic, is particularly problematic because it can spread extremists’ messages virally in minutes, is difficult to track and even harder to eliminate. Despite these high-profile challenges, Facebook, Google and Twitter face a growing backlash—including advertiser boycotts and lawsuits—pushing them to deal more effectively with the darker elements of the platforms they have created. New video “fingerprinting” technologies are emerging that promise to flag extremist videos as soon as they are posted. Big questions remain, however: Will these tools work well enough to keep terrorist videos from proliferating on social media? And will the companies that have enabled such propaganda embrace them? Credit: Amanda Montañez; Source: Cisco Visual Networking Index, 2016 Social Media’s ISIS Problem ISIS has a well-established playbook for using social media and other online channels to attract new recruits and encourage them to act on the terrorist group’s behalf, according to J. M. Berger, a former nonresident fellow in The Brookings Institution’s project U.S. Relations with the Islamic World. “The average age of an [ISIS] recruit is about 26,” says Seamus Hughes, deputy director of The George Washington University’s Program on Extremism. “These young people aren’t learning how to use social media—they already know it because they grew up with it.” ISIS videos became such a staple on YouTube a few years ago that the site’s automated advertising algorithms were inserting advertisements for Procter & Gamble, Toyota and Anheuser–Busch in front of videos associated with the terrorist group. Despite assurances at the time that Google was removing the ads and in some cases the videos themselves, the problem is far from solved. In March Google’s president of its EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) business and operations, Matthew Brittin, apologized to large advertisers—including Audi, Marks and Spencer, and McDonald’s U.K.—who had pulled their online ads after discovering they had appeared alongside content from terrorist groups and white supremacists. AT&T, Johnson & Johnson and other major U.S. advertisers have boycotted YouTube for the same reason. Whether Google had turned a blind eye to such content is a matter of debate, primarily between the company and the Counter Extremism Project (CEP), a nonprofit nongovernmental organization formed in 2014 to monitor and report on the activities of terrorist groups and their supporters. More certain is the fact that on Google’s sprawling YouTube network there is no easy way to find and take down all or even most of the video that crosses the line from being merely provocative to a full-on call for violence and hatred. Social media sites including Facebook, Google and Twitter have for the past few years used Microsoft’s PhotoDNA software with some success to automatically identify still images they might want to remove—but there has been no comparable tool for video. Social media sites instead rely mostly on their large user bases to report videos that might violate the companies’ policies against posting terrorist propaganda. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s recent promise to add 3,000 more reviewers to help better monitor video posted to the site only highlights the magnitude of the problem. As Twitter noted in at least two separate blog posts last year, there is no “magic algorithm” for identifying terrorist rhetoric and recruitment efforts on the internet. Video Signatures That argument might not hold much longer. A key researcher behind PhotoDNA says he is developing software called eGLYPH, which applies PhotoDNA’s basic principles to identify video promoting terrorism—even if the clips have been edited, copied or otherwise altered. Large video files create an “imposing problem” for search tools because, depending on the quality, they might consist of 24 or 30 different images per second, says Hany Farid, a Dartmouth College computer science professor who helped Microsoft develop PhotoDNA nearly a decade ago to crack down on online child pornography. Software analyzing individual images in video files would be impractical because of the computer processing power required, Farid says. He has been working for more than a year to develop eGLYPH’s algorithm, which analyzes video, image and audio files, and creates a unique signature—called a “hash”—that can be used to identify either an entire video or specific scenes within a video. The software can compare hashes of new video clips posted online against signatures in a database of content known to promote terrorism. If a match is found, that new content could be taken down automatically or flagged for a human to review. One of eGLYPH’s advantages is that it quickly creates a signature for a video without using lots of computing power, because it analyzes changes between frames rather than the entire image in each frame. “If you take a video of a person talking, much of the content is the same [from frame to frame],” Farid says. The idea is to “boil a video down to its essence,” taking note only when there is a significant change between frames—a new person enters the picture or the camera pans to a focus on something new. “We take these videos and try to remove as much of the redundancy in the data as possible and extract the signature from what’s left,” he says. Farid’s partner on eGLYPH is the CEP, which has built up a vast repository of hashed images, audio files and video that “contains the worst of the worst—content that few people would disagree represented acts of terrorism, extremist propaganda and recruiting materials,” says Mark Wallace, the CEP’s chief executive officer and a former U.S. ambassador. Video clips the CEP shared with Scientific American from its database featured executions—several by beheading—as well as bombings and other violent acts. eGLYPH compares the signatures it generates with those stored in the CEP database. This is similar in principle to PhotoDNA, which was developed to create and match signatures of images posted to the Web with those in The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children’s database of images the organization has labeled as child pornography. Thanks, but No Thanks The CEP has offered free access to both eGLYPH and the organization’s database to social media outlets trying to keep up with terrorism-related video posts. Facebook, Twitter and YouTube spurned the CEP’s proposal, however, instead announcing in December plans to develop their own shared database of hashed terrorism videos. Even Microsoft, which provided funding for Farid’s work on eGLYPH, opted to join the social media consortium and has been ambiguous about its ongoing commitment to eGLYPH. Each of the social media companies says it will create its own database of signatures identifying videos and images depicting the “most extreme and egregious terrorist images and videos” they have removed from their services, according a joint statement the companies issued December 5. The companies have not revealed many details about their project such as how they will hash new videos posted to their platforms or how they will compare those signatures—which they call “fingerprints”—to hashed videos stored in their databases. Each company will decide independently whether to remove flagged videos from its site and apps, based on the company’s individual content-posting policies. The companies responded to Scientific American’s interview requests by referring to their December press release and other materials posted to their Web sites. One reason for the companies’ fragmented approach to purging videos that support or incite terrorism is the lack of a universal definition of “terrorist” or “extremist” content—social media companies are unlikely to want to rely solely on the judgment of the CEP or their peers. Microsoft’s policy, for example, is to remove from its Azure Cloud hosting and other services any content that is produced by or in support of organizations on the Consolidated United Nations Security Council Sanctions List, which includes al-Awlaki and many ISIS members. At Facebook, the more times users report content that might violate the company’s rules, the more likely it is to get the company’s attention, Joaquin Candela, the company’s director of applied machine learning, said at a Facebook artificial intelligence event in New York City in February. Candela did not comment specifically on the project announced in December but did say Facebook is developing AI algorithms that can analyze video posts for content that violates the company’s Community Standards. One of the main challenges to creating the algorithm is the tremendous volume of posts Facebook receives each day. Last year Facebook users worldwide watched 100 million hours of video daily, according to the company. Another challenge is tuning the algorithm so it can accurately identify content that should be taken down without falsely flagging images and video that comply with Facebook’s rules. Twitter initially relied solely on its users to spot tweets—among the hundreds of millions posted daily—that might violate the company’s content-posting rules. Mounting criticism over Twitter’s seeming inability to control terrorism-related tweets, however, prompted the company to be more proactive. During the second half of 2016 alone Twitter suspended 376,890 accounts “for violations related to promotion of terrorism,” according to the company’s March “Transparency Report.” Nearly three quarters of the accounts suspended were discovered by Twitter’s spam-fighting tools, according to the company. YouTube’s Community Guidelines prohibit video intended to “recruit for terrorist organizations, incite violence, celebrate terrorist attacks or otherwise promote acts of terrorism.” The site does, however, allow users to post videos “intended to document events connected to terrorist acts or news reporting on terrorist activities” as long as those clips include “sufficient context and intent.” That thin line creates a predicament for any software designed to automatically find prohibited footage, which might explain why YouTube relies mostly on visitors to its site to flag inappropriate content. YouTube announced in November 2010 it had removed hundreds of videos featuring al-Awlaki’s calls for violence, although many of his speeches are still available on the site—the CEP in February this year counted 71,400 videos carrying some portion of his rhetoric. Social media companies have begun to buy into the idea that they need to do more to keep terrorist content off of their sites. They are increasingly adding bans on video prohibited by YouTube’s Community Guidelines. “Some of this has to do with corporate responsibility, but the vast majority probably has to do with public relations,” says Hughes at the Program on Extremism. To be fair, ISIS’s efforts to hijack social media have created philosophical and technological problems the companies likely had not anticipated when building their digital platforms for connecting friends and posting random thoughts, he says. “There’s been a learning curve. It takes a while to see how messages spread online and figure out whose accounts should be taken down and how to do it.” The Case(s) against Social Media Three lawsuits filed against the major social media companies over the past year have sought to accelerate that learning curve. The lawsuits cover Mateen’s Pulse Nightclub attack as well as the November 2015 Paris and December 2015 San Bernadino, Calif., (pdf) mass shootings. The suits allege Facebook, Google and Twitter “knowingly and recklessly” provided ISIS with the ability to use their social networks as “a tool for spreading extremist propaganda, raising funds and attracting new recruits.” Excolo Law—the Southfield, Mich., law firm that filed the suits on behalf of terrorist victims’ families—cites specific instances of attackers using social media before and even during the attacks. Between the time husband and wife Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik killed 14 people and injured 22 in San Bernardino and were themselves gunned down by law enforcement, Malik had posted a video to Facebook pledging her allegiance to ISIS, according to a suit filed with the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. “If they put one tenth of a percent of the effort they put into targeted advertising towards trying to keep terrorists from using their sites, we wouldn’t be having this discussion,” says Keith Altman, lead counsel at Excolo Law. Scientific American contacted Facebook, Google and Twitter for comment about the lawsuits. Only Facebook replied, stating, “We sympathize with the victims and their families. Our Community Standards make clear that there is no place on Facebook for groups that engage in terrorist activity or for content that expresses support for such activity, and we take swift action to remove this content when it’s reported to us.” A recurring criticism against the social media companies is that they have been too slow to react to the dangerous content festering on their sites. “In 2015 we started to engage with social media companies to say, ‘There’s a problem and we think you should take some concrete steps to address it,’” says CEP executive director David Ibsen. “And we got not the most enthusiastic response from them. A lot of the pushback was that there wasn’t a technological solution, the problem is too big, free speech concerns, it goes against our ethos of free expression—all those different things.” The CEP challenged those excuses by turning to Farid. “He said there was a technological solution to the problem of removing extremist content from the internet, and that he had been working on it,” Ibsen says. “That was one of the first times you had a recognized computer engineer saying that what the tech companies were saying wasn’t true, that there is a technology solution.” Unsolved Problems Regardless of whether the CEP and social media companies come together, the technology they are developing would not prevent ISIS or its supporters from live-streaming video of an attack or propaganda speech on services such as Facebook Live or Twitter’s Periscope. Such video would have no matching signature in a database, and any attempt to flag a new video would need an algorithm that defines “terrorism,” so it knows what to look for, Farid says. “I know it when I see it,” he explains. “But I don’t know how to define it for a software program in a way that doesn’t trigger massive amounts of false alarms.” Algorithms that might automatically identify faces of well-known ISIS members in video work “reasonably well” but are not nearly accurate or fast enough to keep up with massive amounts of video streamed online, he says, adding: “I don’t see that being solved in the next decade at the internet scale.” Facebook’s inability to keep people from posting live footage of murders and suicides via Facebook Live underscores Farid’s point. Even if the major social media companies continue to keep eGLYPH and the CEP at arm’s length, Wallace is hopeful internet service providers and smaller social media companies might still be interested in the technology. “Regardless, we hope it is a tool that drives people to confront the issue,” he says. Farid acknowledges efforts to scale back ISIS’s use of social media are only part of a much larger battle that has many components—socioeconomic, political, religious and historic. “I’ve heard people say this [software] isn’t going to do anything,” he says. “My response: if your bar for trying to solve a problem is, ‘Either I solve the problem in its entirety or I do nothing,’ then we will be absolutely crippled in terms of progress on any front.” Rights & Permissions Advertisement | Report Ad ABOUT THE AUTHOR(S) Larry Greenemeier Larry Greenemeier is the associate editor of technology for Scientific American, covering a variety of tech-related topics, including biotech, computers, military tech, nanotech and robots. Credit: Nick Higgins Recent Articles HPE Debuts Its Next-Gen Computer--Sans Much-Anticipated Memristors Facebook Wants to Make Chatbots More Conversational Billy Kimmel's Rare Heart Condition Explained Advertisement | Report Ad Latest News Neuroscience For the Illiterate Adult, Learning to Read Produces Enormous Brain Changes 11 hours ago — Gary Stix Public Health China Expands DNA Data Grab in Troubled Western Region 14 hours ago — David Cyranoski and Nature Climate Trump Budget Still Funds One Big Climate Program 14 hours ago — Niina Heikkinen and ClimateWire Electronics Fitness Bands Fail on Calorie Counts 15 hours ago — Christopher Intagliata The Body Chocolate Linked to Decreased Risk of Irregular Heart Rhythm 16 hours ago Policy & Ethics What Does the Food and Drug Administration Do? 16 hours ago — Everyday Einstein Sabrina Stierwalt Report Ad Newsletter Get smart. Sign up for our email newsletter. Sign Up Share Latest Every Issue. Every Year. 1845 - Present Neuroscience. Evolution. Health. Chemistry. Physics. Technology.Subscribe Now! Follow us Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Store About Press Room More FAQs Contact Us Site Map Advertise Special Ad Sections SA Custom Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Scientific American is part of Springer Nature, which owns or has commercial relations with thousands of scientific publications (many of them can be found at www.springernature.com/us). Scientific American maintains a strict policy of editorial independence in reporting developments in science to our readers.© 2017 Scientific American, a Division of Nature America, Inc. All Rights Reserved. NEW eBook! Get the latest on Alzheimer’s and more Buy Now
serach × Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Sport Football Spain Supreme Court confirms 21-month jail sentence, fine for Messi By AFP  |   Published: 24th May 2017 06:01 PM  |   Last Updated: 24th May 2017 06:01 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. | AP File Photo MADRID: Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail -- sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years.  They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year's trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain's public deficit down. TAGS Lionel Messi Tax Fraud Spain Supreme Court Jail Sentence Barcelona O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Gallery My world is my Bond - A look at James Bond 007 Roger Moore's acting life Maharani Gayatri Devi - She charmed us with her intelligence and beauty arrow Videos How to make delicious mango phirni India's pampered pets lap up new health treatments arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
  Go Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guardian Life Guardian TV Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Sport  |  Football   Messi: Spain’s Supreme Court confirms 21-month jail sentence By AFP   |   24 May 2017   |   12:27 pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Barcelona’s Argentinian forward Lionel Messi (L) and Barcelona’s Uruguayan forward Luis Suarez (R) gesture during the Spanish league football match FC Barcelona vs SD Eibar at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona on May 21, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / LLUIS GENE Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Barcelona NewsFootballJorge Horacio MessiLionel Messi You may also like Danagogo, Dalung wash hands off N182m contract scandal 2 hours ago  Sport Abidjan Raiders stun Giants in Yaoundé 2 hours ago  Sport Iheanacho, three others join Eagles’ shirt war 2 hours ago  Sport N11m for grabs as CBN Senior Tennis serves off in Lagos 2 hours ago  Tennis It’s Amazing Boys against Oluyole Babes in MRS Kid Cup final 3 hours ago  Sport 2000 students vie for FAB-5 U13 football championship 3 hours ago  Sport More   Latest Pogba sends grieving Man Utd to emotional Europa triumph 2 hours ago  Sport Scientists advance efforts to end malaria in Africa 2 hours ago  Health NNPC kills N4tr fuel investment 2 hours ago  News Jonathan canvasses fiscal federalism, implementation of 2014 confab report 2 hours ago  News Awori are the original indigenes of Lagos, say historians 2 hours ago  News Trending Mourinho bets the house on Europa League glory 2 days ago  Sport Handling cold in children 4 days ago  Sunday Magazine Eating suya increases death risk from nine major diseases 19 May  Health ‘Why north is uncomfortable with restructuring’ 3 days ago  News US court battle gives clues to Nigerian arms scandal 18 May  Nigeria Top Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News National Africa World Business Opinion Talks From the Street Fashion Sport Entertainment Entertainment News Music Comedy Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 25 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 25 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Sports   Tax fraud: Spain Supreme Court confirms Messi sentence Share Tweet Tax fraud: Spain Supreme Court confirms Messi sentence Barcel­ona star receiv­ed 21-month jail senten­ce and €2.09 millio­n fine By AFP Published: May 24, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email PHOTO: AFP MADRID: Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and €2.09-million-euro fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on €4.16 million of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. Messi shouldn’t suffer Argentina burden: Sampaoli The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail —sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court, where their appeal of partially rejected as the player’s father sentence reduced it to 15 months jail, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. ‘Messi’ almost lands in Iranian jail During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. Read more: Barcelona , Football , Lionel Messi Read full story Recommended Stories 'Messi' almost lands in Iranian jail Iranian student Reza Parastesh looks so much like his sporting hero Lionel Messi ISIS kidnap ‘Messi’ Three-year-old Iraqi boy abducted because he was named after ‘infidel’ Messi shouldn't suffer Argentina burden: Sampaoli 29-year-old was handed a four-match international ban for insulting an assistant referee against Chile Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Arjun Kapoor: Sridevi and her kids don't exist for me 2 India considering ‘punitive actions’ against Pakistan: claims US official 3 Nadia Khan claims daughter physically abused by Hollywood actor 4 'For all the chest-thumping, India can't win a war against Pakistan' 5 JIT Interrogators misbehaved with me, says PM’s cousin 6 Melania swats away Trump's hand once again 7 Two Chinese nationals abducted from Quetta 8 Melania refuses to hold Trump's hand during Israel visit 9 6 times Bollywood totally wrecked Hollywood films 10 Pakistani candidate running for WHO top post eliminated Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: EveningNewsletter Supreme Court confirms Messi fraud sentence Published May 24, 2017May 24, 2017 Share Tweet Share Pin it +1 Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail — sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi’s tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. afp Share Tweet Pin it +1 Messi Spain Fans mob Messi, Neymar La liga: Messi scores brace in Barca 2-3 win at Valencia Messi-less Barca fire blank against nine-man Malaga ‘I won’t sign Messi for free’ Messi’s statue ‘decapitated’ in Argentina Messi double edges six-goal thriller Barca’s way Messi scores on return in Barca rout, Sevilla top Confusion over Messi Barca future Trending NairaBet agent commits suicide over N600,000 winning Falana, SANs disagree with Ozekhome on Fayose’s re-election bid NIS arrests 400 illegal immigrants in Edo Buhari’s performance in two years too poor– Report Only 20% of SMEs survive in Nigeria – UNIDO Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
CLOSE X Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Thu 25 May news politics BUSINESS Business Report Personal Finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel SUBSCRIBE special features the zuma era manchester blast trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL sport soccer world leagues World Leagues All Sport Soccer Soccer Bafana PSL Premier League World Leagues Cup Competitions Soccer logs | Rugby Rugby Springboks World Rugby Rugby fixtures Rugby results Rugby logs Rugby Championship Currie Cup Sevens Cup Competitions Super Rugby | Cricket Cricket Proteas World Cricket Domestic Cricket | Boxing | Tennis | Fifa | Athletics | Opinion | Cycling Cycling Cycling results | Golf Golf Golf fixtures Golf results Golf logs | More Sport | IOL Sportzone | Advertisement Off to jail for Lionel Messi? World Leagues | 24 May 2017, 2:18pm Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. Share this story Photo: Albert Gea/Reuters The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail – sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. Lionel Messi sits in court with his father Jorge Horacio Messi during their trial for tax fraud in Barcelona. Photo: Alberto Estevez/Reuters While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi on Wednesday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. During last year's trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and "knew nothing" about how his wealth was managed. But the Supreme Court argued that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes on income earned from his image rights. Messi's tax fraud trial in June last year took place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain's public deficit down. AFP Share this story Most Read 1 DA declares victory in Beaufort West 2 #ManchesterBlast - Five more men, one woman arrested 3 Murdered kids' mothers angered by Zuma's visit 4 Tshwane braces for five-day blackout 5 Top cop Piet Byleveld succumbs to cancer Advertisement X COMPANY About IOL Contact us Feedback Follow us on EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel LISTINGS & MORE Newspapers Classifieds Careers Community Weather IOL IN YOUR INBOX Sign up to receive breaking news in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Metal stocks lose luster after Moody's downgrades China Bharat Forge moves north after impressive Q4 results Business Standard Key benchmarks hit fresh intraday low Capital Market  May 24, 2017 Last Updated at 14:24 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVnFhH ALSO READ Auto shares decline Shares of Adani Group companies drop Auto stocks nudge higher Auto stocks decline Auto stocks gain Selling intensified as key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday low in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:21 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 74.75 points or 0.25% at 30,290.50. The Nifty 50 index was off 25.95 points, or 0.28% at 9,360.20. Sentiment was dampened by escalating Indo-Pak tensions. Most FMCG shares declined. Most auto stocks declined. Media reports suggested that Pakistani fighter jets flew near the Siachen Glacier today, 24 May 2017, but Indian Air Force reportedly said there was no violation of India's air space. The report of Pakistani jets flying near Siachen came a day after the Indian Army announced that it had launched "punitive fire assaults" on Pakistani positions across the Line of Control (LoC) earlier this month, inflicting some damage. The Sensex hit its lowest intraday level in more than one week in mid-afternoon trade. The Nifty hit its lowest intraday level in two weeks in afternoon trade. The Sensex fell 77.07 points, or 0.25% at the day's low of 30,288.18 in mid-afternoon trade, its lowest intraday level since 15 May 2017. The index rose 168.90 points, or 0.56% at the day's high of 30,534.15 in mid-morning trade. The Nifty fell 34.25 points, or 0.36%, at the day's low of 9,351.90 in afternoon trade, its lowest intraday level since 10 May 2017. The index rose 45.75 points, or 0.49% at the day's high of 9,431.90 in mid-morning trade. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was down 1.26% . The BSE Small-Cap index was down 1.30%. The fall in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than three losers against every gainer on BSE. 1,991 shares declined and 625 shares rose. A total of 145 shares were unchanged. Most FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 2.19%), Tata Global Beverages (down 1.73%), Dabur India (down 1.59%), Nestle India (down 1.09%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.69%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.62%), Marico (down 0.51%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.29%) and Bajaj Corp (down 0.04%), edged lower. Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.20%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.26%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 1.46%), edged higher. Most auto stocks declined. Ashok Leyland (down 2.84%), Mahindra & Mahindra (down 1.47%), Bajaj Auto (down 1.33%), Hero MotoCorp (down 0.6%), Eicher Motors (down 0.56%), Maruti Suzuki India (down 0.27%) and TVS Motor Company (down 0.08%), edged lower. Escorts was up 1.35%. Tata Motors was up 3.93%. after the company reported better than expected Q4 results. The result was declared after market hours yesterday, 23 May 2017. Tata Motors' consolidated net profit fell 16.79% to Rs 4336 crore on 2.86% fall in revenues to Rs 77272 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. Consolidated profit and revenue in Q4 was lower due to translation impact from Pound to Indian Rupee. Consolidated profit before tax shed 12.26% to Rs 5166 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. This broadly reflects strong retail sales in Jaguar Land Rover business on continued strong demand for the product and also higher wholesale volumes partially offset by overall higher marketing expenses and higher depreciation and amortization, company said. Overseas, European stocks were trading lower after China's rating was downgraded by Moody's and as markets were still recovering from the Manchester bombing. Most Asian shares were trading higher as investors looked ahead to US Federal Reserve views on interest rate hike prospects and await an upcoming OPEC meeting. Investors are awaiting the release of minutes from the Fed from its previous meeting for details on the probability of a rate hike in June. China's Shanghai Composite bounced back from intraday low and settled higher by 0.06%. Moody's Investors Service downgraded China's credit rating to A1 from Aa3, changing its outlook to stable from negative, citing concerns efforts to support growth will spur debt growth across the economy. In US, shares closed higher yesterday, 23 May 2017, marking a fourth straight session in the green following the White House's release of its 2018 budget proposal. On the economic data front, US flash PMI reading for services and manufacturing for May were mixed. Manufacturing PMI dipped to an 8-month low, while services PMI rose to a 4-month high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Bajaj Auto | Bse | Moody's | Nifty | Sensex | Shares | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Key benchmarks hit fresh intraday low Selling intensified as key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday low in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:21 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 74.75 points or 0.25% at 30,290.50. The Nifty 50 index was off 25.95 points, or 0.28% at 9,360.20. Sentiment was dampened by escalating Indo-Pak tensions. Most FMCG shares declined. Most auto stocks declined. Selling intensified as key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday low in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:21 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 74.75 points or 0.25% at 30,290.50. The Nifty 50 index was off 25.95 points, or 0.28% at 9,360.20. Sentiment was dampened by escalating Indo-Pak tensions. Most FMCG shares declined. Most auto stocks declined. Media reports suggested that Pakistani fighter jets flew near the Siachen Glacier today, 24 May 2017, but Indian Air Force reportedly said there was no violation of India's air space. The report of Pakistani jets flying near Siachen came a day after the Indian Army announced that it had launched "punitive fire assaults" on Pakistani positions across the Line of Control (LoC) earlier this month, inflicting some damage. The Sensex hit its lowest intraday level in more than one week in mid-afternoon trade. The Nifty hit its lowest intraday level in two weeks in afternoon trade. The Sensex fell 77.07 points, or 0.25% at the day's low of 30,288.18 in mid-afternoon trade, its lowest intraday level since 15 May 2017. The index rose 168.90 points, or 0.56% at the day's high of 30,534.15 in mid-morning trade. The Nifty fell 34.25 points, or 0.36%, at the day's low of 9,351.90 in afternoon trade, its lowest intraday level since 10 May 2017. The index rose 45.75 points, or 0.49% at the day's high of 9,431.90 in mid-morning trade. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was down 1.26% . The BSE Small-Cap index was down 1.30%. The fall in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than three losers against every gainer on BSE. 1,991 shares declined and 625 shares rose. A total of 145 shares were unchanged. Most FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 2.19%), Tata Global Beverages (down 1.73%), Dabur India (down 1.59%), Nestle India (down 1.09%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.69%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.62%), Marico (down 0.51%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.29%) and Bajaj Corp (down 0.04%), edged lower. Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.20%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.26%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 1.46%), edged higher. Most auto stocks declined. Ashok Leyland (down 2.84%), Mahindra & Mahindra (down 1.47%), Bajaj Auto (down 1.33%), Hero MotoCorp (down 0.6%), Eicher Motors (down 0.56%), Maruti Suzuki India (down 0.27%) and TVS Motor Company (down 0.08%), edged lower. Escorts was up 1.35%. Tata Motors was up 3.93%. after the company reported better than expected Q4 results. The result was declared after market hours yesterday, 23 May 2017. Tata Motors' consolidated net profit fell 16.79% to Rs 4336 crore on 2.86% fall in revenues to Rs 77272 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. Consolidated profit and revenue in Q4 was lower due to translation impact from Pound to Indian Rupee. Consolidated profit before tax shed 12.26% to Rs 5166 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. This broadly reflects strong retail sales in Jaguar Land Rover business on continued strong demand for the product and also higher wholesale volumes partially offset by overall higher marketing expenses and higher depreciation and amortization, company said. Overseas, European stocks were trading lower after China's rating was downgraded by Moody's and as markets were still recovering from the Manchester bombing. Most Asian shares were trading higher as investors looked ahead to US Federal Reserve views on interest rate hike prospects and await an upcoming OPEC meeting. Investors are awaiting the release of minutes from the Fed from its previous meeting for details on the probability of a rate hike in June. China's Shanghai Composite bounced back from intraday low and settled higher by 0.06%. Moody's Investors Service downgraded China's credit rating to A1 from Aa3, changing its outlook to stable from negative, citing concerns efforts to support growth will spur debt growth across the economy. In US, shares closed higher yesterday, 23 May 2017, marking a fourth straight session in the green following the White House's release of its 2018 budget proposal. On the economic data front, US flash PMI reading for services and manufacturing for May were mixed. Manufacturing PMI dipped to an 8-month low, while services PMI rose to a 4-month high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Key benchmarks hit fresh intraday low Selling intensified as key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday low in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:21 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 74.75 points or 0.25% at 30,290.50. The Nifty 50 index was off 25.95 points, or 0.28% at 9,360.20. Sentiment was dampened by escalating Indo-Pak tensions. Most FMCG shares declined. Most auto stocks declined. Media reports suggested that Pakistani fighter jets flew near the Siachen Glacier today, 24 May 2017, but Indian Air Force reportedly said there was no violation of India's air space. The report of Pakistani jets flying near Siachen came a day after the Indian Army announced that it had launched "punitive fire assaults" on Pakistani positions across the Line of Control (LoC) earlier this month, inflicting some damage. The Sensex hit its lowest intraday level in more than one week in mid-afternoon trade. The Nifty hit its lowest intraday level in two weeks in afternoon trade. The Sensex fell 77.07 points, or 0.25% at the day's low of 30,288.18 in mid-afternoon trade, its lowest intraday level since 15 May 2017. The index rose 168.90 points, or 0.56% at the day's high of 30,534.15 in mid-morning trade. The Nifty fell 34.25 points, or 0.36%, at the day's low of 9,351.90 in afternoon trade, its lowest intraday level since 10 May 2017. The index rose 45.75 points, or 0.49% at the day's high of 9,431.90 in mid-morning trade. Among secondary barometers, the BSE Mid-Cap index was down 1.26% . The BSE Small-Cap index was down 1.30%. The fall in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than three losers against every gainer on BSE. 1,991 shares declined and 625 shares rose. A total of 145 shares were unchanged. Most FMCG shares declined. Britannia Industries (down 2.19%), Tata Global Beverages (down 1.73%), Dabur India (down 1.59%), Nestle India (down 1.09%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.69%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.62%), Marico (down 0.51%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.29%) and Bajaj Corp (down 0.04%), edged lower. Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.20%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.26%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 1.46%), edged higher. Most auto stocks declined. Ashok Leyland (down 2.84%), Mahindra & Mahindra (down 1.47%), Bajaj Auto (down 1.33%), Hero MotoCorp (down 0.6%), Eicher Motors (down 0.56%), Maruti Suzuki India (down 0.27%) and TVS Motor Company (down 0.08%), edged lower. Escorts was up 1.35%. Tata Motors was up 3.93%. after the company reported better than expected Q4 results. The result was declared after market hours yesterday, 23 May 2017. Tata Motors' consolidated net profit fell 16.79% to Rs 4336 crore on 2.86% fall in revenues to Rs 77272 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. Consolidated profit and revenue in Q4 was lower due to translation impact from Pound to Indian Rupee. Consolidated profit before tax shed 12.26% to Rs 5166 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. This broadly reflects strong retail sales in Jaguar Land Rover business on continued strong demand for the product and also higher wholesale volumes partially offset by overall higher marketing expenses and higher depreciation and amortization, company said. Overseas, European stocks were trading lower after China's rating was downgraded by Moody's and as markets were still recovering from the Manchester bombing. Most Asian shares were trading higher as investors looked ahead to US Federal Reserve views on interest rate hike prospects and await an upcoming OPEC meeting. Investors are awaiting the release of minutes from the Fed from its previous meeting for details on the probability of a rate hike in June. China's Shanghai Composite bounced back from intraday low and settled higher by 0.06%. Moody's Investors Service downgraded China's credit rating to A1 from Aa3, changing its outlook to stable from negative, citing concerns efforts to support growth will spur debt growth across the economy. In US, shares closed higher yesterday, 23 May 2017, marking a fourth straight session in the green following the White House's release of its 2018 budget proposal. On the economic data front, US flash PMI reading for services and manufacturing for May were mixed. Manufacturing PMI dipped to an 8-month low, while services PMI rose to a 4-month high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
▲ Up   13:04 25-05-2017 Sign-up MAIN АКИpress CA-News ADVERTISE WITH US SUBSCRIBE KazakhstanKyrgyzstanMongoliaTajikistanTurkmenistanUzbekistanWorld POLITICSBUSINESSINCIDENTSSOCIETYCULTURESPORTANALYSISSCIENCE World> sport Messi's Spanish jail sentence for tax fraud to stand 10:16, 25 May 2017, 273 AKIPRESS.COM - The Spanish Supreme Court has rejected FC Barcelona soccer star Lionel Messi's appeal, confirming his conviction on tax fraud charges, Forbes reported. The original punishment, which included a prison sentence and a fine, will stand. Last July, a Spanish court found Messi and his father, Jorge Messi, guilty of tax fraud. Messi and his father were each sentenced to 21 months in prison. The length of the sentence was significant because, in Spain, those who receive a light prison sentence do not usually serve time unless the offense involves a violent crime or if the defendant is a habitual offender. Typically, a light sentence is one under two years which means that the pair would likely serve probation. Charges were initially filed against the Argentine footballer in 2013. Spanish tax authorities alleged at the time that Messi’s father used a series of shell companies in tax havens to shield royalties and licensing income from tax. Authorities had alleged that income from lucrative contracts with such companies as Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble, and Adidas was funneled offshore to Belize and Uruguay through an elaborate maze of entities and countries so that Messi and his father could avoid paying income tax in Spain as far back as 2005. Messi consistently maintained throughout the proceedings that he did not do anything wrong. Nonetheless, shortly after the charges against him were made public, he took steps to clear the tax debt, making a "corrective payment" of €5 million ($6.57 million U.S.). Nonetheless, in 2015, Spanish tax authorities ordered the footballer to stand trial. Related content:14/12/16 Lionel Messi meets Afghan boy who became viral star07/07/16 Lionel Messi appeals over tax fraud verdict27/06/16 Lionel Messi retires from international football Full access to all news articles in English 1 month2000 somsubscribe year20000 somsubscribe These subscription fees are for private individuals only. Please contact us via phone +996 (312) 900-776 or email info@akipress.org for corporate subscription inquiries PHOTO REPORTS North–South Alternate Road Corridor VIDEO Atambayev's new old song LIFE IN CENTRAL ASIA Night at the Museum in Bishkek LATEST NEWS 12:57 Almaty hosts 8th annual forum on Internet development in Central Asia12:53 Vice Chairman of Standing Committee of Chinese National People's Congress pays official visit to Turkmenistan12:48 Bishkek hosts 26th plenary session of Eurasian Group on Combating Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism12:43 Atambayev hands over keys of new apartments to employees of GKNB12:18 Violinist from Kyrgyzstan wins 1st place at Astana competition12:11 Brazil's Temer deploys army as protesters battle police12:02 Dollarization of credit portfolio of Kyrgyzstan's banking sector hits 'historic low' – Central Bank11:56 62,000 high school graduates of Kyrgyzstan celebrating Farewell Bell today11:42 Mud-and-stone flow hits school walls, 3 houses and bridge flooded in Osh11:25 OSCE/ODIHR deciding whether to send observers to presidential election in Kyrgyzstan11:24 Trade between EDB countries recovers in Q1 201711:11 Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan discuss creation of joint ventures11:04 Kyrgyzstan's inflation in March makes 2.8% year-on-year: EDB10:49 Anti-corruption agency of Tajikistan denies reports about caches with millions belonging to ex-employees10:49 Kyrgyz Government suggests UAE to launch joint investment fund10:33 Pontoon bridge across Amu Darya river opens in Turkmenistan10:22 Kyrgyzstan's Ministry of Health, WHO discuss launch of electronic health system10:16 Messi's Spanish jail sentence for tax fraud to stand10:08 Director of WHO Global Malaria Programme praises Kyrgyzstan's anti-malaria efforts10:06 Teen accused of sexual abuse and sodomy of 6yo child, mother claims MOST READ Rahmon calls on developed countries to invest in economy of developing countries as one of ways to fight terrorism 6-magnitude earthquake recorded on border of Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan Rahmon meets Trump in Saudi Arabia Kazakhstan invested $900 million in UAE UAE FM to visit Kyrgyzstan for talks, inking deals and business-forum Life in rural Kyrgyzstan: Warm weather causes scorpions to swarm Osh street No fruit juice for kids under 1, pediatricians advise 15yo teen found hanged at home in Issyk-Kul Hearings of Aida Salyanova's power abuse case start Russia plans to sign military-technical cooperation deal with Kyrgyzstan © AKIpress News Agency - 2001-2017. All rights reserved Republication of any material is prohibited without a written agreement with AKIpress News Agency. Any citation must be accompanied by a hyperlink to akipress.com. Our address: Moskovskaya str. 189, Bishkek, the Kyrgyz Republic e-mail: english@akipress.org, akipressenglish@gmail.com; Tel/Fax: +996(312)90-07-75
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by wiseguyreports India Laundry Care Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 This report gives an in-depth analysis of laundry care market in India which includes detergents and fabric care. Even during an economic slowdown, people continue to purchase laundry products, and in emerging economies like India, where standards of living are on the rise, the market is growing. The detergent market in India is in maturity stage with high penetration levels and fabric care is in a preliminary stage. Due to higher population, rising urbanization and increasing levels of income and consumption, the overall growth of the laundry care industry has been at a healthy rate from last five years. The one compliment which every Indian housewife craves is earning the respect and appreciation of the family by providing a solution that helps them enhance the life of delicate clothes. Due to such societal custom, fabric whiteners are already popular among Indian consumers. Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/744777-india-laundry-care-market-outlook-2021 According to “India Laundry Care Market Outlook, 2021”, the overall laundry care industry is growing with a CAGR of 12.93% from last five years. Detergents generate majority of the revenue sales in the laundry care market whereas fabric care is growing fast. Detergents are available in three forms namely powder detergent, bar detergent and liquid detergent. Powder detergents are widely accepted by Indian consumers. Even though detergent bars are still used in rural areas, they are fast disappearing from the market because of ineffectiveness. Liquid detergent is a new category in the Indian market and was created by Hindustan Unilever in 2013 with the launch of country’s first liquid detergent. Although powder detergents are most commonly used because of their stability, eco-feasibility and long lasting properties, liquid detergents will see robust growth in the forecast period. HUL, Rohit Surfactants, P&G, Nirma and Jyothy Laboratories are the major players in the organized detergent market. Ghari, Surf Excel, Active Wheel, Rin, Tide, Nirma, Ariel, Mr. White and Henko are the well-known brands operating in this category. On the basis of pricing, organized detergent market can be further divided into three categories such as popular (economy), mid-range and premium. On the other hand, fabric care is broadly divided into two segments namely fabric whiteners and fabric conditioners. Fabric whiteners generate majority of the market revenues whereas fabric conditioners have very less contribution. Various companies in the category include Jyothy Laboratories, Godrej, Wipro, HUL, Dabur, Marico and Reckitt Benckiser. In the forecast period, rural market will be the major focus of fabric whitening manufacturers as urban consumers are now upgrading to premium detergents which do not require any additional whitener. Fabric conditioners are already growing in double digits from last five years and the market is further anticipated to register robust CAGR in the forecast period. Detergent manufacturers, who are planning to diversify, are also focusing more on this category rather than fabric whiteners. Key Categories Covered  • Detergent – Powder – Bar – Liquid • Fabric Care – Fabric Whiteners – Fabric Conditioners Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/744777-india-laundry-care-market-outlook-2021                Key points in table of content 1. Executive Summary 2. Global Laundry Care Market Outlook 3. India Laundry Care Market Outlook  3.1. Market Size By Value 3.2. Market Share 3.2.1. By Company 3.2.2. By Brand 3.2.3. By Category 3.3. India Detergent Market Outlook 3.3.1. Market Size By Value 3.3.1.1. Overall Market 3.3.1.2. Powder Detergent Market 3.3.1.3. Bar Detergent Market 3.3.1.4. Liquid Detergent Market 3.3.2. Market Share 3.3.2.1. By Region 3.3.2.2. By Product Type 3.3.3. India Organized Detergent Market Outlook 3.3.3.1. Market Size By Value 3.3.3.1.1. Overall Market 3.3.3.1.2. Popular Detergent Market 3.3.3.1.3. Mid-range Detergent Market 3.3.3.1.4. Premium Detergent Market 3.3.3.2. Market Share 3.3.3.2.1. By Company 3.3.3.2.2. By Brand 3.3.3.2.3. By Sub-Category 3.3.4. India Unorganized Detergent Market Outlook 3.4. India Fabric Care Market Outlook 3.4.1. Market Size By Value 3.4.2. Market Share 3.4.2.1. By Company 3.4.2.2. By Brand 3.4.2.3. By Segment 3.4.3. India Fabric Whitener/Blue Market Outlook 3.4.3.1. Market Size By Value 3.4.3.2. Market Share 3.4.3.2.1. By Brand 3.4.3.2.2. By Demographic Area 3.4.4. India Fabric Conditioner/Softener Market Outlook 3.4.4.1. Market Size By Value 3.4.4.2. Market Share 3.4.4.2.1. By Brand 3.4.4.2.2. By Demographic Area 3.4.5. Recent Developments 4. Product, Price and Variant Analysis  4.1. Powder Detergent 4.2. Bar Detergent 4.3. Liquid Detergent 4.4. Fabric Whitener/Blue 4.5. Fabric Conditioner/Softener 5. India Economic Snapshot 6. Raw Material 7. Manufacturing Process 8. Channel Partner Analysis 9. India Laundry Care Market Dynamics  9.1. Key Drivers 9.2. Key Challenges 10. Competitive Landscape  10.1. Porters Five Forces 10.2. Company Profiles 10.2.1. Hindustan Unilever Limited 10.2.2. Procter & Gamble Home Products Ltd. 10.2.3. Rohit Surfactants Private Limited 10.2.4. Nirma Limited 10.2.5. Jyothy Laboratories Limited 10.2.6. Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. 10.2.7. Reckitt Benckiser (India) Ltd. 10.2.8. Marico Limited 10.2.9. Wipro Consumer Care and Lighting Ltd. 10.2.10. Pidilite Industries Limited 10.2.11. Dabur India Limited 11. Strategic Recommendations 12. Disclaimer Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=744777 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsCostomer Good And Retail, Laundry Care industry forecast, Laundry Care market analysis, Laundry Care Market Growth, Laundry Care market parameters, Laundry Care market segmentation, Laundry Care Market Share, Laundry Care Market Size, Laundry Care market trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Orbis Research: 2017 Global Pharmaceutical Robots Market Professional Survey Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext 2017-2022 Global Flake Ice Machine Market Professional Survey Research Report & Industry Analysis Search Recent Posts Video Event Data Recorder Market to worth US$ 3.2 Bn by the end of 2026 GCC Companies See Significant Rise in Fraud and Risk Incidents According to Kroll Global Fraud Report GCC Companies See Significant Rise in Fraud and Risk Incidents According to Kroll Global Fraud Report Refrigerated Vehicles Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2015 to 2021 Toshiba Tec Unveils World’s First Monochrome Multi-function Peripheral with Erasable Print Capability Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Cannes 2017 #Sachin Tendulkar #Shah Rukh Khan #Mumbai Crime #Half Girlfriend #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES Mumbai: Wife of cop probing Sheena Bora case murdered, son missing Mumbai: Man tortures mother, flees after dumping her in hospital ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis BMC Narendra Modi SPORTS IPL News Cricket Football MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Virat Kohli slams reporter: India vs Pakistan is just another game Photos: 'Guru' Achrekar watches ward Sachin's 'A Billion Dreams' ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.Love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Craving for biryani? These Mumbai restaurants will make you drool Mumbai Food: Kamala Mills in Lower Parel is a haven for foodies ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES When Brad Pitt tried to replicate Shah Rukh Khan's iconic step Kabir Khan on how he zeroed in on Salman Khan's 'Tubelight' co-star ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Sports News Football News Prev Lionel Messi fraud sentence confirmed by Spain Supreme Court By AFP | Spain | Posted 4 hoursNow Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Lionel Messi Spain's Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi, 29, and his father were given 21 months in jail -- prison terms likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court, which confirmed the sentence for the five-time world player of the year on Wednesday. However, it also reduced the term to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. The player and his father made a voluntary payment of 5.0 million euros -- equal to the amount of the alleged unpaid taxes plus interest -- in August 2013 after being formally investigated. Download the new mid-day android app to get updates on all the latest and trending stories on the go https://goo.gl/8Xlcvr Tags: Lionel Messi Lionel Messi tax fraud Messi tax fraud case Barcelona football star Argentina footballer bail sentence Messi fine Spain Supreme Court Lionel Messi appeal Football News Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous StoryJuventus sign winger Juan Cuadrado on permanent basis from Chelsea Related Stories Lionel Messi scores on charity front too. Here's how... Football News | 12-May-2017 Lionel Messi to marry longtime girlfriend Antonella Roccuzzo on June 30 Football News | 11-May-2017 Lionel Messi lookalike takes selfies with fans, almost jailed Football News | 09-May-2017 La Liga: Barcelona hopeful of Lionel Messi signing new contract Football News | 08-May-2017 Lionel Messi's partner, Luis Suarez's wife and their kids turn up in full support Football News | 08-May-2017 La Liga: 'Magical' Neymar leads Barcelona 4-1 win over Villareal Football News | 07-May-2017 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Zaheer-Sagarika's engagement: Virat-Anushka, other celebs attend Cricket News|24-May-2017 Photos: When Sachin Tendulkar went 'aila' for wife Anjali Cricket News|24-May-2017 Here's why Salman Khan 'ignored' brother Arbaaz Khan's 'Dabangg 3' Bollywood News|23-May-2017 Mumbai: 6 youths detained after typing out 'bomb' in WhatsApp chats National News|23-May-2017 This model just called Ranbir Kapoor her 'boyfriend'. See photo Bollywood News|23-May-2017 Photos: Celebs at Ambanis star-studded bash for Mumbai Indians IPL News News|23-May-2017 Photos: 2 halves of 42-ft whale wash ashore at Mumbai's beaches National News|23-May-2017 'Prayer Aunty' who helped Mumbai lift IPL trophy is Nita Ambani's mom IPL News News|23-May-2017 Bob Biswas of Delhi? Police end 'kahaani' of 'Namaste' gang Crime News|23-May-2017 Candid Clicks: 30 unseen photos of Shah Rukh Khan's daughter Suhana Bollywood News|22-May-2017 Photos: Shilpa Shetty's son Viaan's star-studded birthday bash Bollywood News|22-May-2017 Bhubaneswar-bound AI flight returns to Mumbai due to suspected smoke National News|22-May-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Mumbai: Wife of cop probing Sheena Bora case murdered, son missing Crime News|4 hours Mumbai: Iconic eatery that invented Piyush may call it quits National News|4 hours Pune Crime: Upset lover stabs sex worker to death Crime News|6 hours Virat Kohli slams reporter: India vs Pakistan is just another game Cricket News|51 minutes ago 'Half Girlfriend' Movie Review Bollywood News|19-May-2017 Bhuvneshwar Kumar went on a date with this South Indian actress Cricket News|19-May-2017 Alia Bhatt not impressed by Priyanka Chopra's bikini avatar? Bollywood News|19-May-2017 'Hindi Medium' Movie Review Bollywood News|18-May-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Thursday, May 25, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Russians Spoke of Ways to Sway Trump Before Election, U.S. Spies Heard Talk of Using His Advisers By MATTHEW ROSENBERG, ADAM GOLDMAN and MATT APUZZO The conversations focused on Paul Manafort and Michael T. Flynn, according to three current and former American officials. The intelligence was among clues received last summer as the U.S. began examining Russian attempts to disrupt the election.  Comments Paul Manafort, then the Trump campaign chairman, at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July. Credit Win McNamee/Getty Images G.O.P. Candidate Accused of Striking Reporter Is Charged By JONATHAN MARTIN 1:12 AM ET Greg Gianforte, the Republican candidate for Montana’s lone House seat, was charged with misdemeanor assault after being accused of body-slamming a journalist on the eve of a special election. more in politics Sessions Was Advised Not to Disclose Russia Meetings 10:32 PM ET DeVos Open to Funding Schools That Discriminate 9:04 PM ET Health Bill Expected to Leave 23 Million More Uninsured By ROBERT PEAR 9:02 PM ET A bill to dismantle the Affordable Care Act that narrowly passed the House would increase the number of uninsured by 23 million in 2026, the Congressional Budget Office projected.  Comments Read the C.B.O. Report How to Interpret the C.B.O. Score Like an Expert 50 40 Under Republican health bill 30 20 Under Obamacare 2013 2017 2026 Saving Government Money, but at What Cost to People? 3:12 What Are High-Risk Pools? We Explain By ROBIN STEIN, MARGOT SANGER-KATZ and SUSAN JOAN ARCHER The Pope’s Gifts to Trump Send Some Clear Messages By MARK LANDLER and JASON HOROWITZ 8:17 PM ET Pope Francis gave President Trump a copy of his encyclical on preserving the environment. In a broader meeting, the Vatican’s secretary of state urged Mr. Trump not to pull out of the Paris accord. Highlights From Trump’s Meeting With the Pope Mediator Sean Hannity, a Murder and Why Fake News Endures By JIM RUTENBERG As the case of the Seth Rich murder shows, uncorroborated stories will spread as long as some people want to tell them, and others want to believe.  Comments Fox News Pushes Back Against Claim It Tried to Silence Ex-Host Mutant Genes Give Inspiration for New Heart-Disease Drugs By GINA KOLATA Some people carry mutations that leave them nearly impervious to heart attacks. Learning how these genes work has led to a novel experimental treatment. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Remnants of backpack Possible switch located in suspect’s left hand Nuts and screws used as shrapnel 12-volt battery that was possible power source Found at the Scene in Manchester: Shrapnel, a Backpack and a Battery The Times got access to evidence photographed at the crime scene, and it suggests an improvised device made with forethought and care. By C. J. CHIVERS Police Seek ‘Network’ Tied to Bomber By KATRIN BENNHOLD, STEPHEN CASTLE and SULIMAN ALI ZWAY 8:48 PM ET Investigators raced to track down what they called Salman Abedi’s “network,” in the first official confirmation that the police believe he got help in the Manchester attack.  Comments RELATED COVERAGE Latest Updates From the Investigation Watch: Decoding ISIS’s Online Claims 2 Homeless Men at Arena Are Hailed as Heroes Victims Include at Least 7 Parents Awaiting Children Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ What happens in the hours between an act of terror and the claiming of responsibility? Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and LISA IABONI 8:23 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Your Thursday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 1:17 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Tech Fix Products That Do and Don’t Protect Your Phone By BRIAN X. CHEN Why you should buy a case for your smartphone, and maybe a screen protector, but pass on an extended warranty. Personal Health Strategies to Navigate the Emergency Room By JANE E. BRODY Complaints often stem from a misunderstanding of how emergency rooms work and how patients themselves can be helpful.  Comments Nestlé Taps Water Wells, Leaving Locals High and Dry By STEVE FRIESS The company can draw 130 million gallons a year from one Michigan site at almost no cost. And its application to pump even more has opened a political fight. Middlebury Disciplines Dozens of Student Protesters By STEPHANIE SAUL Students at the Vermont college shut down a speech by the political scientist Charles Murray in an episode that came to symbolize a lack of tolerance for conservative ideas on some campuses. Passing Up a Raft, Some Migrants Yacht to Europe By GAIA PIANIGIANI and LORENZO TONDO While thousands risk their lives on the Mediterranean, the authorities in Sicily have tallied 125 migrants arriving on yachts and sailboats this year. Democrats See Assembly Win as Good Sign for 2018 By LISA W. FODERARO 9:48 PM ET Christine Pellegrino’s special election victory in a district that President Trump claimed easily is among the elections attracting attention as potential harbingers for next year’s midterms. More News U.S. Warship Sails Near Island Claimed by China 11:55 PM ET Jury Is Selected for Bill Cosby Trial China’s Addiction to Debt Now Threatens Its Growth D.E.A. Misled About Deadly Honduras Operation, Watchdog Says Fed Sounded Note of Caution About Raising Rates Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Australia’s ‘Stolen Generations’ Tell Their Stories In “Generations Stolen,” Matthew Sherwood documents the fates of mixed-race aboriginal children who had been kidnapped from their families during Australia’s disastrous experiment with forced assimilation. Crime, Women, and Outsider Perspectives In this week’s newsletter: a discussion about fiction and Lizzie Borden plus photos of Australia’s ‘stolen generation,’ and an appraisal of Roger Moore. Court Ruling Could Make Taiwan First Place in Asia to Legalize Gay Marriage If the island’s legislature doesn’t act in the next two years, same-sex couples can register their marriages with the authorities, the constitutional court said. In Berlin, Both the Drinks and Design Are Bracing The city’s cocktail dens offer intriguing interiors — a chic retreat, a 19th-century villa — and menus that combine classics and recent inventions. A Lackluster Cannes, and Not Just for the Security Among the movies in competition, disappointments abound, and our critic is left scratching her head about why some titles were included. Colbert Wins Ratings Battle, Thanks to DVRs The ratings spread between CBS’s late night show and NBC’s is marginal. But that gap is expected to widen once delayed data is collected. The Opinion Pages American Leadership: We Can’t Do It for Free By COLIN POWELL President Trump’s proposed cuts in diplomacy and aid would hurt America and its allies.  Comments A Terrorist’s Target By TANYA WEIZ I was a 17-year-old waiting to get into a disco in Tel Aviv when a suicide bomber approached. Trump’s Budget: The Math Is Phony but the Cruelty Isn’t A Nonsensical Budget This Budget Takes Aim at My Son Editorial: When Terrorists Target Children Republicans, Get Ready for the Trumpcare Headlines By JEANNE LAMBREW Insurers fleeing, premiums soaring. The fallout is obvious. David Leonhardt C.B.O. Report Reveals Trumpcare’s Fatal Flaws Any law based on the House bill will worsen the health care system.  Comments Bruni: This Is Eloquence. Remember That? Douthat: ‘The Handmaid’s Tale,’ and Ours Friedman: America, Rusting and Rising Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Interviewing Truck Drivers at a Crossroads British Officer or Tusken Raider? Times Insider » Interviewing Truck Drivers at a Crossroads The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Art Tea With the Legendary Painter Wayne Thiebaud Opinion The Price of ‘Disability Denial’ Travel Five Places to Go in Zagreb Times Insider British Officer or Tusken Raider? Opinion Why Saudi Women Are Literally Living ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ My own teenage years in Saudi Arabia were traumatic enough. Its female citizens face a life sentence of male dominion. Movies In ‘Baywatch,’ Surf, Sand and Lots of Skin Dance Wendy Whelan’s First Balanchine Ballet Opinion What Made Theresa May Run With the Pack Fashion & Style The Lessons of Rihanna’s Success Your Money When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Opinion Macron’s Disastrous Eurozone Plan Creating a budget for the currency union could end up driving Europe apart. Theater Schemes for a Better Life in ‘Can You Forgive Her?’ Sections World » Found at the Scene in Manchester: Shrapnel, a Backpack and a Battery Hunt for Manchester Bombing Accomplices Extends to Libya They Went to Manchester Arena as Homeless Men. They Left as Heroes. Business Day » China’s Addiction to Debt Now Threatens Its Growth OPEC, Caught in Pincers of Price and Technology, Tries to Control the Oil Market Stephen Colbert Wins Season Ratings Battle, Thanks to DVRs Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Monica Lewinsky: Roger Ailes’s Dream Was My Nightmare Editorial: President Trump’s Mideast Contradictions David Brooks: The Alienated Mind U.S. » Alabama Inmate, 75, Hopes to Dodge Death for an Eighth Time D.E.A. Misled Overseers on Deadly Honduras Operations, Watchdogs Say Greg Gianforte, Montana G.O.P. Candidate, Is Charged in Attack on Reporter Technology » State of the Art: The Rise of the Fat Start-Up Uber to Repay Millions to Drivers, Who Could Be Owed Far More Tech Fix: Reality Check: What Does, and Doesn’t, Protect Your Smartphone Arts » You May Not Know Jack Antonoff. But You Probably Love His Music. Critic's Notebook: A Lackluster Cannes and Not Just for the Extra Security Jury Is Selected for Bill Cosby Trial Politics » Sessions Was Advised Not to Disclose Russia Meetings on Security Forms Greg Gianforte, Montana G.O.P. Candidate, Is Charged in Attack on Reporter U.S.-Russia Hotline Is Buzzing Even After Strike on Syria Fashion & Style » Unbuttoned: The Lessons of Rihanna Anna Sui Gets a Degree, and Her Due Losing Their Clothes, Finding Themselves Movies » Review: ‘Baywatch,’ a Romp Full of Surf, Sand and Lots of Skin Critic's Notebook: A Lackluster Cannes and Not Just for the Extra Security Grateful Dead Documentary: A Four-Hour Jam on Jerry Garcia’s World New York » New York Democrats See Special Election Win as Good Sign for ’18 Seeking Republican Nod for Mayor, an Assemblywoman Moderates Her Image A Dignified End for New York’s Forgotten Veterans Sports » On Baseball: The Mets’ Stretched Bullpen Nears the Breaking Point Manchester United’s Henrikh Mkhitaryan Brings Armenia With Him African-American Museum’s Sports Gallery Wins a Following: Athletes Theater » ‘Tell Torvald to Grow Up’: Laurie Metcalf and Nathan Lane Trade Emails on Their Celebrated Roles Review: Small Mistakes With Big Consequences in ‘The World My Mama Raised’ High Ticket Prices Are Fueling a Broadway Boom Science » Trilobites: How Whales Became the Biggest Animals on the Planet Trilobites: The Science Behind the Flamingo’s One-Legged Stance ScienceTake: How Demands of Female Birds Changed the DNA of a Species Obituaries » Barbara Smith Conrad, Singer at Center of Integration Dispute, Dies at 79 Roger Moore, Who Played James Bond 007 Times, Dies at 89 Cortez Kennedy, Hall of Fame Defensive Tackle, Dies at 48 Television » Have You Heard the One About the Angsty Comic? Yes, Too Often Alan Yang, a ‘Master of None’ Creator, on Season 2, Chef Jeff and That Final Shot The Handmaid's Tale: ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Episode 7: Crossing the Border Health » Rare Gene Mutations Inspire New Heart Drugs Trump’s Pick for Mental Health ‘Czar’ Highlights Rift G.O.P. Health Bill Would Leave 23 Million More Uninsured in a Decade, C.B.O. Says Travel » Footsteps: Mondrian’s World: From Primary Colors to the Boogie Woogie Finding My Florida Pursuits: In the Bars of Berlin, Both the Drinks and Design Are Bracing Books » Books of The Times: ‘Aliens’ Asks: If the Universe Is So Vast, Where Is Everybody? Books of The Times: Grayson Perry’s ‘The Descent of Man’: Deconstructing the Masculine Mystique Books of The Times: In ‘Grief Cottage,’ a Ghost and Other Things That Haunt Us Education » Your Money: When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Who Ignored Them Dozens of Middlebury Students Are Disciplined for Charles Murray Protest Commencement Addresses Offer Road Maps to the Future Food » Charcoal or Gas? Depends on What You’re Grilling Critic's Notebook: Why I’m Not Reviewing Noma Mexico The Jamaican Beef Patty Extends Its Reach Sunday Review » News Analysis: Will the Presidency Survive This President? Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Frank Bruni: A Prayer for Donald Trump Real Estate » Living In: Breezy Point, Queens: Tested by Hurricane Sandy What You Get: $2.3 Million Homes in Colorado, South Carolina and Massachusetts International Real Estate: House Hunting in … Colombia The Upshot » Public Health: C.B.O. Has Clear Message About Losers in House Health Bill A Question of Incentive: Why Work Requirement Became a Theme of the Trump Budget Public Health: How to Read the C.B.O. Score of the Health Bill Like an Expert Magazine » Feature: Aleppo After the Fall Feature: Jared Kushner’s Other Real Estate Empire Feature: Is It Possible to Resist Deportation in Trump’s America? Automobiles » German Prosecutors Search Daimler Offices in Diesel Emissions Inquiry Driven: Video Review: A Quieter and More Refined Mazda CX-5 U.S. Sues Fiat Chrysler, Accusing It of Using Software to Pass Emissions Tests T Magazine » At Tea With the Legendary Painter Wayne Thiebaud 48 Hours: In Dallas With One of Fashion’s Most Innovative Designers Market Report: 6 Lightweight Anoraks for Unpredictable Weather Times Insider » Picturing the First World War: British Officer or Tusken Raider? Watch the Cyan! How The New York Times Gets Inked New York, June 4: Live Event: Take a Tour of Citi Field With a New York Times Sports Reporter Real Estate » International Real Estate House Hunting in … Colombia By MARCELLE SUSSMAN FISCHLER In Cartagena, the market has been strong for the last 20 years, since the city’s centuries-old houses began to be restored as luxury properties.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: Sports Messi loses appeal in tax fraud trial Published May 25, 2017May 25, 2017 Share Tweet Share Pin it +1 Barcelona's Argentinian forward Lionel Messi / AFP PHOTO / ANDER GILLENEA Spain’s Supreme Court on Wednesday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal, AFP reports. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi, 29, and his father were given 21 months in jail — prison terms likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court, which confirmed the sentence for the five-time world player of the year on Wednesday. However, it also reduced the term to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. The player and his father made a voluntary payment of 5.0 million euros — equal to the amount of the alleged unpaid taxes plus interest — in August 2013 after being formally investigated. Copyright PUNCH.                All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]   Share Tweet Pin it +1 Messi Brazil in tears as plane crash victims are buried Supreme Court confirms Messi fraud sentence Confusion over Messi Barca future Messi scores twice as Barca defeat Osasuna Messi brace leads five-star Barca past Leganes Ronaldo tops Messi in earnings Messi-less Argentina slump to Bolivia loss Ronaldo beats Messi in earnings Trending NairaBet agent commits suicide over N600,000 winning Falana, SANs disagree with Ozekhome on Fayose’s re-election bid NIS arrests 400 illegal immigrants in Edo Marginalisation: Ekweremadu, Obi, Soludo, others to meet Buhari’s performance in two years too poor– Report Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Arun Patil Worldwide Tampons Market 2020: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast) Global Tampons Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Tampons industry. The Tampons Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 5.87% during the years 2016-2020. Tampons Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Tampons market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Tampons Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10403256 Tampons Market Segmentation by: Product Type:  branded tampons, private-label tampons. The Tampons Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Increasing awareness among women about health and hygiene products. Challenges:  Safety concerns associated with tampon usage. Trends:  Increasing demand in emerging markets. Browse Detailed Information on Global Tampons Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10403256 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Tampons market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Tampons industry. Key Vendors:  Procter & Gamble, Unicharm, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget, Edgewell Personal Care Company, and many more. The Tampons Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $2500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10403256 The Tampons market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Tampons market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Tampons industry before evaluating its possibility. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsTampons Industry, Tampons Industry growth, Tampons Market, Tampons Market analysis, Tampons Market Forecast, Tampons Market growth, Tampons Market Research, Tampons Market shares, Tampons Market trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious International Fluoropolymer Market in Healthcare Industry 2016 CAGR 7.19% up to 2020: Attention on (Revenue, Industry Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast) Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Compounding Pharmacy Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2021 Search Recent Posts Clinical Thermometers Market sales: Regional Industry Segment by Production, Consumption, Revenue and Growth Rate by 2021 Asia-Pacific Compounding Pharmacy Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2021 Worldwide Tampons Market 2020: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast) International Fluoropolymer Market in Healthcare Industry 2016 CAGR 7.19% up to 2020: Attention on (Revenue, Industry Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast) Eaton Brings Lighting Expertise to Georgia Tech’s Internet of Things Research Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Bahrain KSA UAE Kuwait Qatar Oman Middle East GDN Online App available on App Store / Play Store 25 May 2017 ARCHIVES  |  SEARCH  |  POST ADS  |  ADVERTISE  |  SUBSCRIBE   |  LOGIN   |  CONTACT US NEWS Bahrain Middle East World BUSINESS Bahrain Middle East World SPORTS Football Cricket F1 Other Sports ENTERTAINMENT Hollywood Bollywood TV Celebs Reviews Leisure Scene Cinema TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG! OPINION Letters Comment ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS Messi sentenced to jail for tax fraud Football Thu, 25 May 2017 Madrid: Spain’s Supreme Court yesterday confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro ($2.25 million) fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi and his father were given 21 months in jail – sentences likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court. While the court confirmed the sentence for Messi yesterday, it reduced it to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. You Might Like Messi scores brace as Barca remain on top Soccer star Messi to visit Egypt 'It's a dream': Afghan boy finally meets idol Lionel Messi Messi hat-trick as Barca hit Celtic for seven Lionel Messi retires from international football More Football Ajax ‘young guns’ ready to rumble Allardyce quits as Crystal Palace manager Batelco rally to edge out Nomas Bayern bids adieu to Lahm, Alonso in Bundesliga final show IN PICTURES: Juventus clinch sixth successive Serie A title with Crotone win In Pictures: Thousands flock to Madrid as Real celebrate title Jurnas score two past Majestic Cars Juventus Academy opens in Bahrain Kane hits hat-trick as Spurs sign off in style Misery for Arsenal as City, Liverpool book Champions League berths NEWS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST WORLD BUSINESS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST INTERNATIONAL SPORTS FOOTBALL CRICKET F1 OTHER SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT HOLLYWOOD BOLLYWOOD TV CELEBS REVIEWS LEISURE SCENE CINEMA TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG OPINION LETTERS COMMENT EDITIONS BAHRAIN SAUDIARABIA UAE KUWAIT QATAR OMAN MIDDLE EAST ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISE TERMS OF USE READERS POLICIES PRIVACY POLICY ABOUT US CONTACT US GULF DAILY NEWS P.O.Box 5300, Manama, Kingdom of Bahrain NEWSROOM Phone: +973 17 620 222 Fax: +973 17 622 141 Email: gdnnews@gdn.com.bh ADVERTISING Phone: 973 17 293 131 Fax: +973 17 293 400 Email: alison.lillywhite@tradearabia.net CLASSIFIEDS Phone: +973 17 299 110 Email: classifieds@tradearabia.net SUBSCRIPTION Phone: +973 17 290 000 Email: gdnhd@tradearabia.net ©Copyright 2017 gdnonline.com - Kingdom of Bahrain. Website / App designed & developed by North Star Technologies.
From Africa to Baltimore: The long path to education for a Hopkins star News Obituaries Robert C. Blount, FBI agent who worked on Alger Hiss spy case HANDOUT / HANDOUT Robert C. Blount Robert C. Blount (HANDOUT / HANDOUT) Frederick N. RasmussenContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun Robert C. Blount, a retired FBI special agent who early in his career was assigned to the Alger Hiss spy case and later spent more than 20 years in the bureau's Baltimore field office, died May 17 of pneumonia at the Blakehurst Retirement Community in Towson. He was 95. The son of Clyde Dudley Blount, a rancher and bank cashier, and Jessie Chaffee Blount, a teacher and homemaker, Robert Chaffee Blount was born in Larned, Kan., and in 1923 moved with his family to Jetmore, Kan., where he graduated in 1939 from Jetmore High School. After studying at Kansas State University for two years, Mr. Blount transferred to the Naval Academy, where he earned a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering in 1944. "Even though he should have been in the Class of 1945, because of World War II, classes were accelerated and they went all year long. That's why he graduated in 1944," said a son, James R. Blount of Hendersonville, N.C. Mr. Blount joined the crew of the aircraft carrier USS Bennington in 1944 and for the next two years was assigned to the gunnery department. The carrier took part early in 1945 in the strikes against Tokyo and the Japanese home islands and also in the Okinawa campaign. In 1946, Mr. Blount entered the Naval Submarine School in New London, Conn., and after graduation served aboard the submarine USS Torsk as a gunnery and torpedo officer. The Torsk is now anchored in the Inner Harbor. Discharged in 1947, Mr. Blount began his 29-year career with the FBI as a special agent in Memphis, Tenn. After being assigned to the bureau's New York City field office, Mr. Blount joined its major-case squad, which was investigating Baltimore-born diplomat Alger Hiss. Mr. Hiss had been accused by then-Rep. Richard M. Nixon of being a spy for the Soviet Union. Mr. Hiss, who graduated from City College in 1922 and four years later from the Johns Hopkins University, was a 1929 graduate of Harvard Law School. During the early 1930s, he clerked for Supreme Court Associate Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes. Whittaker Chambers, a Time magazine editor, told a closed-door session of the House Un-American Activities Committee that Mr. Hiss, his wife, Priscilla, and his brother, Donald, had been members of a communist cell in Washington during the 1930s. Convicted of perjury in 1950, Mr. Hiss spent 31/2 years in a federal prison in Lewisburg, Pa. He maintained his innocence until his death in 1996. "My father was very outspoken about the Hiss case and said that [Mr. Hiss] had been very involved with the Russians and was guilty as sin," his son said. "He had conducted wiretaps and said it was clear as a bell that he was guilty." In 1953, Mr. Blount joined the FBI's Baltimore field office, and from 1967 to 1976, when he retired, he supervised all police training matters for the FBI in Maryland and Delaware. He was also responsible for firearms training in the Baltimore office, was coordinator for the FBI National Academy, and served as a liaison with law enforcement executives throughout Maryland and Delaware. "He really couldn't tell me a whole lot about his work. I remember when the phone would ring and he'd say, 'I'll meet you at such and such place,' but wasn't able to tell us where he was going," his son said. "It was just the nature of his job." From 1976 to 1979, Mr. Blount was a plant security consultant for Procter & Gamble. In 1984, he became the chief investigator with the Medicaid fraud control unit in the office of the Maryland attorney general. Mr. Blount worked part time with Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Maryland beginning in 1987. He retired in 1991. He was a member and former historian of the FBI National Academy, and a member and past president of Former Special Agents of the FBI. Mr. Blount was also a member and past president of Pine Ridge Senior Men's Golf Club and a member of Concordia Lodge No. 13, AF&AM. A longtime resident of Pot Spring Road in Lutherville, he moved to Blakehurst in 2000. He was an avid gardener and enjoyed playing golf, boating and fishing. A memorial service will be held at Blakehurst, 1055 W. Joppa Road, at 2 p.m. Saturday. In addition to his son, he is survived by his wife of 71 years, the former Margaret Welsh; another son, William J. Blount of Columbia; a daughter, Dorothy Blount Pitt of Belcamp; and four grandchildren. frasmussen@baltsun.com Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Obituaries FBI Procter & Gamble Kansas State University Quinton D. 'Q.D.' Thompson, head of McDonogh Middle School for 32 years Janet E. 'Jan' Turner, speech pathologist Harry K. Wells, McCormick executive and World War II veteran Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 57°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Baby Diapers Market Projected $63.4 Bn Globally, by 2021, with 6.4% CAGR Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/24/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Baby Diapers (Biodegradable Diapers, Training Nappy, Cloth Diapers, Swim Pants, and Disposable Diapers) Market: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2015 – 2021” According to the report, global demand for baby diapers market was valued around USD 43.7 billion in 2015, and is expected to reach above USD 63.4 billion in 2021 growing at a CAGR of slightly above 6.4% between 2016 and 2021. Diaper is the underwear used to urinate or defecate without using toilet. At present Baby diapers are widely used all over the globe owing to their flexibility and ease of use. Baby diapers are made up of synthetic disposable material or simply cloth. The absorbent present in the diapers are the polymers with hydrophilic property and with high absorption rate. Prolong contact with the wet diaper can cause rashes and inconvenience, so the disposable diapers with advance technical properties are used widely. Plastic diapers are experiencing low demand due to introduction of new products such as slim fit, anti bacterial and biodegradable diapers. Request For Free Sample Report: https://goo.gl/olqPks Rise in dual household income with increasing discretional income along with escalating literacy rate of women are the factors driving the market. Increasing birth rate in the developing countries and spurring awareness regarding baby’s sanitation surge the growth of baby diaper market. Conversely, rising concern about the environment pollution caused due to diapers is the major restrain for baby diaper market growth. Moreover, sinking birth rate in the developed countries is also expected to hamper the growth of baby diaper market. Nevertheless, enhanced products such as eco friendly biodegradable diaper is estimated to foster the growth of market in the near future. Also, ever increasing demand for the innovated products which includes body fit, skin friendly, superior absorption, stretchable, stylish and odor free is projected to present new opportunities in the baby diaper market and expected to open new market avenue in forecast period. Request For Free Price Quotation: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/requestquote?reportid=59589 The baby diaper market is segmented on the basis of type, which includes biodegradable diapers, training nappy, cloth diapers, swim pants, and disposable diapers. Cloth diapers can be further classified as fitted cloth diapers, all in one cloth diapers, flat cloth diapers and pre-fold cloth diapers among others. Disposable diapers emerged as the leading segments due to its various characteristics such as heavy absorption, easy to dispose. These types of diapers do not cause any adverse affect on the baby’s skin. Disposable diapers can be further segmented as regular disposable diapers, ultra absorbent disposable diapers and super absorbent disposable diapers. Biodegradable diapers are expected to accelerate the growth of baby diaper market due to the rising environment concerns. North America dominated the baby diapers market and contributed foremost revenue owing to highly developed products, escalating acceptance of diapers and rising working women population. Among all, U.S. stands to be the prominent market due to adoption of popular brand diapers and recovery from the economic situations. However, baby diaper market in these regions is in saturation state due to moderate birth rate. Asia Pacific is also one of the rapidly growing regions with CAGR of 6%. Developing countries are anticipated to experience largest growth owing to changing lifestyle and rising population. Browse the full report at: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/baby-diapers-market-z59589 Unicharm, SCA Hygiene, Procter & Gamble, Bumkins, KAO Corporation, Kimberly-Clark, Hengan and Diapees and Wipees among others are some of the key participants in the baby diaper market. P&G and Kimberly Clark are some of the leading companies owing to extensive range of assorted product portfolio. This report segments the baby diapers market as follows: Type Segment Analysis: Biodegradable diapers, Training nappy, Cloth diapers, Swim pants, Disposable diapers Regional Segment Analysis: North America(U.S.), Europe(UK, France, Germany), Asia Pacific(China, Japan, India), Latin America(Brazil), Middle East and Africa About Zion Market Research Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristic, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from cardinal industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us. Contact Us: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: 855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: 386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: http://www.marketresearchstore.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Why Bloomberg Philanthropies’ James Anderson Tops Our List Of The Most Creative People In Business 2017 Next PostNext Earth Alive Clean Technologies Admitted to Global Soil Partnership Search Recent Posts Industrial Wireless Transmitter Sales Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2021 Buttermilk Powder Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Handheld Demagnetizer Sales Industry Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2021 General Dehumidity Unit Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 An Interview With Mitchelle David Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Adult Diapers Market to Reach $14.5 Billion by 2021 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/24/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Adult Diapers Market (Pad Type, Pants Type, and Flat Type Adult Diapers): Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2015 – 2021.” According to the report, global demand for adult diapers market was valued at USD 9.24 billion in 2015, and is expected to generate revenue of USD 14.5 billion by end of 2021, growing at a CAGR of slightly above 7.48% between 2016 and 2021. An adult diaper is a disposable diaper consists of an absorbent inserted in between two non-woven fabric structure. This helps in avoiding the leakage, maintain the body fluid level and improve comfort. Fluff pulp, spolypropylene polymer, film, polypropylene fiber, polyester fiber, bio component fiber, rayon/fiber, cotton and other are some of the raw materials used in adult diapers. Diapers can be used by adults with various conditions, such as severe diarrhea, dementia, incontinence or mobility impairment. Request For Free Sample Report: https://goo.gl/uOzAyS Growing aging population, urbanization and increased awareness of treatment methods for urinary incontinence are expected to be the major drivers for the global adult diaper market. Aging population, economic affluence and improvement of healthcare sector is expected to support the adult diaper market growth in the near future. However, volatility in prices of raw material may curb the demand for adult diaper within the forecast period. Also, ever increasing demand for the new products which includes body fit, skin friendly, superior absorption, stretchable, stylish and odor free is expected to grow new opportunities in the adult diaper market. The adult diaper market is segmented on the basis of different products including pad type adult diapers, pants type adult diapers, flat type adult diapers and others. Pad type adult diapers and flat type adult diapers together account for the major share of the global adult diaper market in 2015. Know more before buying this report: https://goo.gl/KcBlzc Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. North America dominated the adult diapers market followed by Europe. Asia Pacific also expected to show moderate growth in the years to come. Developing countries are anticipated to experience largest growth owing to changing lifestyle and rising population. China followed by India, has the biggest population of senior citizens and is also anticipated to demonstrate fastest growth in the next few years. Browse the full report at: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/adult-diapers-market-z59713 In the past couple years, baby diaper market giants, Kimberly-Clark KMB and Procter & Gamble have introduced novel products and marketing intended at non-senior adults with bladder leakage. Daio paper, first quality enterprises, inc., fu burg industrial, covidien, kao corp., Kimberly Clark, Medline Industires, Unicharm, Hengan Group, Nippon paper industries, ontex international, and DSG international, are some of the key participants in the adult diaper market. The report segments the global adult diapers market as: Product Segment Analysis: Pad Type, Pants Type, Flat Type Regional Segment Analysis: North America(U.S.), Europe(UK, France, Germany), Asia Pacific(China, Japan, India), Latin America(Brazil), Middle East and Africa Visit Our Blog: https://marketresearchstore2017.wordpress.com About Zion Market Research Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristic, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from cardinal industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us. Contact Us: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: 855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: 386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: http://www.marketresearchstore.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Payment Source Enables ‘In-Person’ Tax Payments Coast-to-Coast Next PostNext Sanofi North America Highlights Commitment to a Healthy Planet In Recognition of Earth Day Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Adult Diapers Market to Reach $14.5 Billion by 2021 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/24/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Adult Diapers Market (Pad Type, Pants Type, and Flat Type Adult Diapers): Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2015 – 2021.” According to the report, global demand for adult diapers market was valued at USD 9.24 billion in 2015, and is expected to generate revenue of USD 14.5 billion by end of 2021, growing at a CAGR of slightly above 7.48% between 2016 and 2021. An adult diaper is a disposable diaper consists of an absorbent inserted in between two non-woven fabric structure. This helps in avoiding the leakage, maintain the body fluid level and improve comfort. Fluff pulp, spolypropylene polymer, film, polypropylene fiber, polyester fiber, bio component fiber, rayon/fiber, cotton and other are some of the raw materials used in adult diapers. Diapers can be used by adults with various conditions, such as severe diarrhea, dementia, incontinence or mobility impairment. Request For Free Sample Report: https://goo.gl/uOzAyS Growing aging population, urbanization and increased awareness of treatment methods for urinary incontinence are expected to be the major drivers for the global adult diaper market. Aging population, economic affluence and improvement of healthcare sector is expected to support the adult diaper market growth in the near future. However, volatility in prices of raw material may curb the demand for adult diaper within the forecast period. Also, ever increasing demand for the new products which includes body fit, skin friendly, superior absorption, stretchable, stylish and odor free is expected to grow new opportunities in the adult diaper market. The adult diaper market is segmented on the basis of different products including pad type adult diapers, pants type adult diapers, flat type adult diapers and others. Pad type adult diapers and flat type adult diapers together account for the major share of the global adult diaper market in 2015. Know more before buying this report: https://goo.gl/KcBlzc Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. North America dominated the adult diapers market followed by Europe. Asia Pacific also expected to show moderate growth in the years to come. Developing countries are anticipated to experience largest growth owing to changing lifestyle and rising population. China followed by India, has the biggest population of senior citizens and is also anticipated to demonstrate fastest growth in the next few years. Browse the full report at: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/adult-diapers-market-z59713 In the past couple years, baby diaper market giants, Kimberly-Clark KMB and Procter & Gamble have introduced novel products and marketing intended at non-senior adults with bladder leakage. Daio paper, first quality enterprises, inc., fu burg industrial, covidien, kao corp., Kimberly Clark, Medline Industires, Unicharm, Hengan Group, Nippon paper industries, ontex international, and DSG international, are some of the key participants in the adult diaper market. The report segments the global adult diapers market as: Product Segment Analysis: Pad Type, Pants Type, Flat Type Regional Segment Analysis: North America(U.S.), Europe(UK, France, Germany), Asia Pacific(China, Japan, India), Latin America(Brazil), Middle East and Africa Visit Our Blog: https://marketresearchstore2017.wordpress.com About Zion Market Research Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristic, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from cardinal industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us. Contact Us: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: 855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: 386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: http://www.marketresearchstore.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Payment Source Enables ‘In-Person’ Tax Payments Coast-to-Coast Next PostNext Sanofi North America Highlights Commitment to a Healthy Planet In Recognition of Earth Day Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Adult Diapers Market to Reach $14.5 Billion by 2021 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/24/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Adult Diapers Market (Pad Type, Pants Type, and Flat Type Adult Diapers): Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2015 – 2021.” According to the report, global demand for adult diapers market was valued at USD 9.24 billion in 2015, and is expected to generate revenue of USD 14.5 billion by end of 2021, growing at a CAGR of slightly above 7.48% between 2016 and 2021. An adult diaper is a disposable diaper consists of an absorbent inserted in between two non-woven fabric structure. This helps in avoiding the leakage, maintain the body fluid level and improve comfort. Fluff pulp, spolypropylene polymer, film, polypropylene fiber, polyester fiber, bio component fiber, rayon/fiber, cotton and other are some of the raw materials used in adult diapers. Diapers can be used by adults with various conditions, such as severe diarrhea, dementia, incontinence or mobility impairment. Request For Free Sample Report: https://goo.gl/uOzAyS Growing aging population, urbanization and increased awareness of treatment methods for urinary incontinence are expected to be the major drivers for the global adult diaper market. Aging population, economic affluence and improvement of healthcare sector is expected to support the adult diaper market growth in the near future. However, volatility in prices of raw material may curb the demand for adult diaper within the forecast period. Also, ever increasing demand for the new products which includes body fit, skin friendly, superior absorption, stretchable, stylish and odor free is expected to grow new opportunities in the adult diaper market. The adult diaper market is segmented on the basis of different products including pad type adult diapers, pants type adult diapers, flat type adult diapers and others. Pad type adult diapers and flat type adult diapers together account for the major share of the global adult diaper market in 2015. Know more before buying this report: https://goo.gl/KcBlzc Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. North America dominated the adult diapers market followed by Europe. Asia Pacific also expected to show moderate growth in the years to come. Developing countries are anticipated to experience largest growth owing to changing lifestyle and rising population. China followed by India, has the biggest population of senior citizens and is also anticipated to demonstrate fastest growth in the next few years. Browse the full report at: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/adult-diapers-market-z59713 In the past couple years, baby diaper market giants, Kimberly-Clark KMB and Procter & Gamble have introduced novel products and marketing intended at non-senior adults with bladder leakage. Daio paper, first quality enterprises, inc., fu burg industrial, covidien, kao corp., Kimberly Clark, Medline Industires, Unicharm, Hengan Group, Nippon paper industries, ontex international, and DSG international, are some of the key participants in the adult diaper market. The report segments the global adult diapers market as: Product Segment Analysis: Pad Type, Pants Type, Flat Type Regional Segment Analysis: North America(U.S.), Europe(UK, France, Germany), Asia Pacific(China, Japan, India), Latin America(Brazil), Middle East and Africa Visit Our Blog: https://marketresearchstore2017.wordpress.com About Zion Market Research Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristic, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from cardinal industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us. Contact Us: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: 855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: 386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: http://www.marketresearchstore.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Payment Source Enables ‘In-Person’ Tax Payments Coast-to-Coast Next PostNext Sanofi North America Highlights Commitment to a Healthy Planet In Recognition of Earth Day Search Recent Posts Global Marine Powerboats Batteries Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Dancing With the Stars Self Tanner is #1 AARP Reacts to Latest Projection of Unaffordable Premiums for Older Adults Battery Management Modules Market to 2022 –Global Market Size, Development, Top Manufacturers, and Forecasts Automotive Garage Equipment Global Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital CN Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Home News Newswires NASDAQ:BIVV Bioverativ buys blood disorder peer True North Therapeutics for US$400mln Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 10:05 24 May 2017 As well US$400mln upfront plus assumed cash, True North investors also set to receive up to US$425mln in milestone payments Bioverativ specialises in blood disorders Nasdaq–listed biotech Bioverativ Inc (NASDAQ:BIVV) is to acquire unlisted rival True North Therapeutics for more than US$400mln.   True North’s lead candidate TNT009 has already been granted breakthrough therapy designation by the US Food and Drug Administration to treat cold agglutinin disease (CAD), a rare and chronic autoimmune hemolytic anemia with no approved therapies   As well US$400mln upfront plus assumed cash, True North investors also set to receive up to US$425mln in milestone payments dependent on how its drugs perform.   Bioverativ specialises in blood disorders and worldwide rights to TNT009, a first-in-class monoclonal antibody in development to treat CAD, will switch to it through the deal.   About 5,000 people in the United States suffer from the disease.   “One of our strategic priorities is to invest thoughtfully in business development with a focus on building our pipeline in areas where we believe we can make a real difference for patients,” said John Cox, Bioverativ’s chief executive.   “It strengthens our pipeline with a potential first-in-class therapy to treat CAD, a rare blood disorder with a high unmet patient need.   “People living with CAD currently have no approved treatment options and suffer with a significant disease burden including crippling fatigue, frequent transfusions and an increased risk of life-threatening thrombotic events such as pulmonary embolism and stroke.”   The FDA granted TNT009 breakthrough therapy designation after a Phase 1b trial showed that normalised haemoglobin levels all six study participants with primary CAD.   View full BIVV profile View Profile Related Articles Allergy Therapeutics' revenues rising across hay fever portfolio January 19 2017 Turnover was £40.4mln in the six months to December NetScientific buoyed by Vortex’s tech endorsement March 31 2017 The firm commercialises intellectual property (IP) through developing early and mid-stage healthcare firms Vaxil at the vanguard of immuno-oncology January 06 2017 The company is developing ImMucin, which targets MUC-1, a unique cancer antigen with high specificity to malignant cells, and results in a potent stimulation effect on T and B cells. RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Bioverativ Inc View full company profile At Bioverativ, we are dedicated to transforming the lives of people with hemophilia and other rare blood disorders. As an independent biotechnology company spun out of Biogen’s hemophilia business, we bring a strong legacy of innovation, world-class science,... Read more At Bioverativ, we are dedicated to transforming the lives of people with hemophilia and other rare blood disorders. As an independent biotechnology company spun out of Biogen’s hemophilia business, we bring a strong legacy of innovation, world-class science, and commitment to the rare blood disorders community. We are united by a singular purpose: to create progress where patients need it most. Hide text Market: NASDAQ EPIC: BIVV 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Proactive Investors Recommended Paradigm Biopharmaceuticals: Access latest PPT from Proactive's CEO Sessions Ambitious life sciences group Abzena targeting 'sustainable profitability' following £25mln City fun Innovative Avacta building the framework for success International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Latest News Dow 21,012 +74.51 +0.36% Nasdaq 6,163 +24.31 +0.40% S&P 500 2,404 +5.97 +0.25% 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.4% higher at 12,693.37 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,365.70 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,529.94 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 393.01 2:31 A.M. ET United Utilities profit rises; ups total dividends 2:30 A.M. ET Tate & Lyle 2017 pretax profit rises 85% 2:30 A.M. ET B&M full-year profit up 18%; lifts U.K. store goal 2:29 A.M. ET Halfords 2017 profit falls on pound's slide 2:23 A.M. ET Crude prices extend gains, with WTI up 47 cents, or 0.9%, to $51.83 a barrel 2:23 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures rise 23.5 points, or 0.4%, to 5,754.75 2:23 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures up 9.35 points or 0.4%, to 2,411.25 2:22 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 94 points, or 0.45%, to 21,079 2:17 A.M. ET Updated Forget Paris, these are the European spots you should visit this summer 2:03 A.M. ET Montana GOP candidate charged with assault after allegedly body slamming a reporter 1:25 A.M. ET Asia stocks higher; South Korea shares soar as interest rates hold steady 1:06 A.M. ET Oil reverses some losses as investors get ready for OPEC meeting 12:59 A.M. ET Lenovo Group net profit falls 41% 12:01 A.M. ET Here’s the latest proof that marriage is dying 5/24 Take It to the Bank: First Australians Create New IDs 5/24 Updated Here’s how Trump wants to change the way you repay student loans Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Market Extra Get email alerts Worried about volatility? Morningstar suggests these five stocks By Ryan Vlastelica Published: May 24, 2017 10:15 a.m. ET Share Three of the five are in the food-and-beverage category Getty Images By RyanVlastelica Markets reporter No matter how bad the stock market gets, people still gotta eat. That appears to be the thinking at Morningstar, which suggested five stocks investors could consider in volatile times, three of which are from the stock market’s food-and-beverage aisle. It’s a market sector that tends to hold up relatively well in periods of economic uncertainty. While market volatility has been hard to find lately, excluding a rare sharp selloff last week, concerns that U.S. equities could be vulnerable have been growing. Major indexes are near record levels at a time when earnings expectations have been dropping and the latest read on GDP was tepid. Read: As profit expectations drop, Goldman Sachs says stock market rally may hit the brakes Last week’s selloff, from which equities have nearly completely recovered, may not presage further declines, but “the upside of broad market selloffs is that they can surface great buying opportunities for bargain hunters,” said Karen Wallace, a former mutual-fund analyst at Morningstar who is currently the senior editor of Morningstar.com. “When markets sell off indiscriminately, investors tend to dump even high-quality names—those with sturdy financials and durable competitive advantages—along with everything else.” In selecting five stocks to recommend, Morningstar screened for four- or five-star ranked names, an indication the research firm sees them as undervalued. From there, it further narrowed down the pack by only considering stocks with a wide economic “moat”—signaling advantages “that will fend off competitors for at least 20 years”—and which have a low or medium “fair value uncertainty” rating, meaning companies for which Morningstar feels it can estimate future cash flow with a higher degree of confidence. The three food-related names are: Coca-Cola Co. KO, +1.44% , Mondelez International Inc. MDLZ, +0.13% and Starbucks Corp. SBUX, +1.21% . Beverage giant Coca-Cola’s “unparalleled brand strength and global distribution network have allowed it to generate excess returns on invested capital despite a decade of volume declines in the carbonated soft-drink market,” Morningstar wrote, citing equity analyst Sonia Vora. While U.S. consumers have been drinking less soda, Vora sees “significant opportunity” in overseas markets, she said, adding that its cash-flow levels “will allow the firm to continue to invest behind its brands, further entrenching its relationship with retailers.” Thus far this year, Coca-Cola, a Dow DJIA, +0.36% component, has roughly kept pace with the benchmark S&P 500 SPX, +0.25% , with both up about 7.1% on the year. Also: Bottled water is now more popular than soda — why you should avoid both Coffee chain Starbucks is “one of the most compelling growth stories in the global consumer space today,” Morningstar wrote, saying it was “poised for top-line growth and margin expansion through menu innovations, sustainable cost advantages, and evolution into a diversified retail and consumer packaged-goods platform.” Morningstar noted that Starbucks faced competition in both its retail and wholesale channels but added that the company’s “strong brand equity, bargaining clout with suppliers of all kinds, and a leverageable model will help to stave off rivals.” Starbucks has been a strong performer this year, up 10.1%, outpacing the S&P 500. It is the biggest gainer among Morningstar’s five stock suggestions. Packaged-food company Mondelez benefits from having a “strong brand mix,” according to Morningstar, with seven lines that generate annual revenue of more than $1 billion, including Oreo and Trident gum. In addition, the company has a heavily diversified revenue base—with 30% of sales coming from North America, another 30% from emerging markets, and the rest from Europe—and it demonstrates a commitment to cost management. Mondelez’s stock is up 3.9% in 2017. Among the nonfood stocks, Morningstar recommended Emerson Electric Co. EMR, +0.89% and Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.49% . About the former, Morningstar wrote that Emerson was a stock for “patient, long-term investors” who could wait for oil prices to recover, although it also had significant competitive advantages from its intangible assets and the difficulty of customers moving to other electric companies. P&G, a Dow component, could be poised to rebound after expanding in a way that Morningstar suggested was too hasty. “Slimming down has allowed it to become a more nimble and responsive player in the global consumer product arena,” it wrote. The consumer-products giant—which markets such brands as Crest toothpaste, Pampers and Tide—should also benefit from a cost-cutting initiative, which Morningstar speculated could improve profitability. Shares of P&G are up 2.4% this year, while Emerson is up 6.3%. More from MarketWatch More Coverage The nation’s newest hot housing market — Philadelphia Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? Why Pope Francis did Donald Trump a huge favor when they met at the Vatican Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References KO +0.64 +1.44% MDLZ +0.06 +0.13% SBUX +0.74 +1.21% DJIA +74.51 +0.36% SPX +5.97 +0.25% EMR +0.53 +0.89% PG +0.42 +0.49% Show all references Most Popular The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic Three reasons to fear the coming crash in bitcoins The stock market should be more worried about the hard economic data Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? What to do in your 40s to retire a millionaire Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.28% 30 yr fixed 3.88% 15 yr fixed 3.09% 10 yr fixed 2.95% 30 yr fixed refi 3.86% 15 yr fixed refi 3.09% 5/1 ARM 3.23% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.87% $50K HELOC 5.08% $75K HELOC 5.08% $100K HELOC 4.77% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.64% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.24% 48 Mo Used Car 3.2% 36 Mo Used Car 3.43% 72 Mo New Car 3.25% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.21% 60 Mo Auto Refi 3.01% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.73% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.62% 12.66% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.81% 15.88% 15.24% Cash Back 15.84% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. MarketWatch Partner Center Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.03 +0.64 (+1.44%) Volume 12.6M Open $44.51 High $45.09 Low $44.51 P/E Ratio 31.49 Div Yield 3.29 Market Cap 189.7B Mondelez International Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: MDLZ $46.11 +0.06 (+0.13%) Volume 5.3M Open $46.13 High $46.18 Low $45.90 P/E Ratio 41.61 Div Yield 1.65 Market Cap 69.9B Starbucks Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: SBUX $61.89 +0.74 (+1.21%) Volume 7.1M Open $61.40 High $62.00 Low $60.94 P/E Ratio 30.79 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 88.6B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,012.42 +74.51 (+0.36%) Volume 283.2M Open 20,949 High 21,023 Low 20,934 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,404.39 +5.97 (+0.25%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,401 High 2,406 Low 2,398 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Emerson Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: EMR $59.77 +0.53 (+0.89%) Volume 3.4M Open $59.49 High $60.45 Low $59.34 P/E Ratio 27.19 Div Yield 3.21 Market Cap 38.2B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.50 +0.42 (+0.49%) Volume 4.6M Open $86.45 High $86.65 Low $86.21 P/E Ratio 24.62 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 220.2B
Latest News Dow 21,012 +74.51 +0.36% Nasdaq 6,163 +24.31 +0.40% S&P 500 2,404 +5.97 +0.25% 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.4% higher at 12,693.37 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,365.70 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,529.94 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 393.01 2:31 A.M. ET United Utilities profit rises; ups total dividends 2:30 A.M. ET Tate & Lyle 2017 pretax profit rises 85% 2:30 A.M. ET B&M full-year profit up 18%; lifts U.K. store goal 2:29 A.M. ET Halfords 2017 profit falls on pound's slide 2:23 A.M. ET Crude prices extend gains, with WTI up 47 cents, or 0.9%, to $51.83 a barrel 2:23 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures rise 23.5 points, or 0.4%, to 5,754.75 2:23 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures up 9.35 points or 0.4%, to 2,411.25 2:22 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 94 points, or 0.45%, to 21,079 2:17 A.M. ET Updated Forget Paris, these are the European spots you should visit this summer 2:03 A.M. ET Montana GOP candidate charged with assault after allegedly body slamming a reporter 1:25 A.M. ET Asia stocks higher; South Korea shares soar as interest rates hold steady 1:06 A.M. ET Oil reverses some losses as investors get ready for OPEC meeting 12:59 A.M. ET Lenovo Group net profit falls 41% 12:01 A.M. ET Here’s the latest proof that marriage is dying 5/24 Take It to the Bank: First Australians Create New IDs 5/24 Updated Here’s how Trump wants to change the way you repay student loans Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Market Extra Get email alerts Worried about volatility? Morningstar suggests these five stocks By Ryan Vlastelica Published: May 24, 2017 10:15 a.m. ET Share Three of the five are in the food-and-beverage category Getty Images By RyanVlastelica Markets reporter No matter how bad the stock market gets, people still gotta eat. That appears to be the thinking at Morningstar, which suggested five stocks investors could consider in volatile times, three of which are from the stock market’s food-and-beverage aisle. It’s a market sector that tends to hold up relatively well in periods of economic uncertainty. While market volatility has been hard to find lately, excluding a rare sharp selloff last week, concerns that U.S. equities could be vulnerable have been growing. Major indexes are near record levels at a time when earnings expectations have been dropping and the latest read on GDP was tepid. Read: As profit expectations drop, Goldman Sachs says stock market rally may hit the brakes Last week’s selloff, from which equities have nearly completely recovered, may not presage further declines, but “the upside of broad market selloffs is that they can surface great buying opportunities for bargain hunters,” said Karen Wallace, a former mutual-fund analyst at Morningstar who is currently the senior editor of Morningstar.com. “When markets sell off indiscriminately, investors tend to dump even high-quality names—those with sturdy financials and durable competitive advantages—along with everything else.” In selecting five stocks to recommend, Morningstar screened for four- or five-star ranked names, an indication the research firm sees them as undervalued. From there, it further narrowed down the pack by only considering stocks with a wide economic “moat”—signaling advantages “that will fend off competitors for at least 20 years”—and which have a low or medium “fair value uncertainty” rating, meaning companies for which Morningstar feels it can estimate future cash flow with a higher degree of confidence. The three food-related names are: Coca-Cola Co. KO, +1.44% , Mondelez International Inc. MDLZ, +0.13% and Starbucks Corp. SBUX, +1.21% . Beverage giant Coca-Cola’s “unparalleled brand strength and global distribution network have allowed it to generate excess returns on invested capital despite a decade of volume declines in the carbonated soft-drink market,” Morningstar wrote, citing equity analyst Sonia Vora. While U.S. consumers have been drinking less soda, Vora sees “significant opportunity” in overseas markets, she said, adding that its cash-flow levels “will allow the firm to continue to invest behind its brands, further entrenching its relationship with retailers.” Thus far this year, Coca-Cola, a Dow DJIA, +0.36% component, has roughly kept pace with the benchmark S&P 500 SPX, +0.25% , with both up about 7.1% on the year. Also: Bottled water is now more popular than soda — why you should avoid both Coffee chain Starbucks is “one of the most compelling growth stories in the global consumer space today,” Morningstar wrote, saying it was “poised for top-line growth and margin expansion through menu innovations, sustainable cost advantages, and evolution into a diversified retail and consumer packaged-goods platform.” Morningstar noted that Starbucks faced competition in both its retail and wholesale channels but added that the company’s “strong brand equity, bargaining clout with suppliers of all kinds, and a leverageable model will help to stave off rivals.” Starbucks has been a strong performer this year, up 10.1%, outpacing the S&P 500. It is the biggest gainer among Morningstar’s five stock suggestions. Packaged-food company Mondelez benefits from having a “strong brand mix,” according to Morningstar, with seven lines that generate annual revenue of more than $1 billion, including Oreo and Trident gum. In addition, the company has a heavily diversified revenue base—with 30% of sales coming from North America, another 30% from emerging markets, and the rest from Europe—and it demonstrates a commitment to cost management. Mondelez’s stock is up 3.9% in 2017. Among the nonfood stocks, Morningstar recommended Emerson Electric Co. EMR, +0.89% and Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.49% . About the former, Morningstar wrote that Emerson was a stock for “patient, long-term investors” who could wait for oil prices to recover, although it also had significant competitive advantages from its intangible assets and the difficulty of customers moving to other electric companies. P&G, a Dow component, could be poised to rebound after expanding in a way that Morningstar suggested was too hasty. “Slimming down has allowed it to become a more nimble and responsive player in the global consumer product arena,” it wrote. The consumer-products giant—which markets such brands as Crest toothpaste, Pampers and Tide—should also benefit from a cost-cutting initiative, which Morningstar speculated could improve profitability. Shares of P&G are up 2.4% this year, while Emerson is up 6.3%. More from MarketWatch More Coverage The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? Three reasons to fear the coming crash in bitcoins Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References KO +0.64 +1.44% MDLZ +0.06 +0.13% SBUX +0.74 +1.21% DJIA +74.51 +0.36% SPX +5.97 +0.25% EMR +0.53 +0.89% PG +0.42 +0.49% Show all references Most Popular The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic Three reasons to fear the coming crash in bitcoins The stock market should be more worried about the hard economic data Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? What to do in your 40s to retire a millionaire Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.28% 30 yr fixed 3.88% 15 yr fixed 3.09% 10 yr fixed 2.95% 30 yr fixed refi 3.86% 15 yr fixed refi 3.09% 5/1 ARM 3.23% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.87% $50K HELOC 5.08% $75K HELOC 5.08% $100K HELOC 4.77% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.64% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.24% 48 Mo Used Car 3.2% 36 Mo Used Car 3.43% 72 Mo New Car 3.25% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.21% 60 Mo Auto Refi 3.01% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.73% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.62% 12.66% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.81% 15.88% 15.24% Cash Back 15.84% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. MarketWatch Partner Center Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.03 +0.64 (+1.44%) Volume 12.6M Open $44.51 High $45.09 Low $44.51 P/E Ratio 31.49 Div Yield 3.29 Market Cap 189.7B Mondelez International Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: MDLZ $46.11 +0.06 (+0.13%) Volume 5.3M Open $46.13 High $46.18 Low $45.90 P/E Ratio 41.61 Div Yield 1.65 Market Cap 69.9B Starbucks Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: SBUX $61.89 +0.74 (+1.21%) Volume 7.1M Open $61.40 High $62.00 Low $60.94 P/E Ratio 30.79 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 88.6B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,012.42 +74.51 (+0.36%) Volume 283.2M Open 20,949 High 21,023 Low 20,934 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,404.39 +5.97 (+0.25%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,401 High 2,406 Low 2,398 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Emerson Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: EMR $59.77 +0.53 (+0.89%) Volume 3.4M Open $59.49 High $60.45 Low $59.34 P/E Ratio 27.19 Div Yield 3.21 Market Cap 38.2B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.50 +0.42 (+0.49%) Volume 4.6M Open $86.45 High $86.65 Low $86.21 P/E Ratio 24.62 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 220.2B
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, May 25, 2017 2:59 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Sports Spain Supreme Court confirms Messi fraud sentence Wednesday May 24, 2017 08:58 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Val Kilmer totally wants to be a part of ‘Top Gun 2’ Nadal targets 10th title in French Open generation game The Edit: Why learning to read as an adult may change the way your brain works The Edit: Plot details from ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ revealed Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article File picture shows Barcelona’s football star Lionel Messi (right) followed by his father Jorge Horacio Messi arriving at the courthouse on June 2, 2016 in Barcelona, where Messi and his father are to face judges in a tax fraud case. — AFP picMADRID, May 24 — Spain’s Supreme Court today confirmed a 21-month jail sentence and €2.09-million (approx RM10.0 million) -fine imposed on Lionel Messi for tax fraud, months after the Barcelona football star lodged an appeal. The Argentina international and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were in July 2016 found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on €4.16 million of Messi’s income earned from his image rights from 2007-09. The income related to Messi’s image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company. Both Messi, 29, and his father were given 21 months in jail — prison terms likely to be suspended as is common in Spain for first offences for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years. They appealed to the Supreme Court, which confirmed the sentence for the five-time world player of the year today. However, it also reduced the term to 15 months jail for his father, taking into account that his football star son had paid back the defrauded money to tax authorities. The player and his father made a voluntary payment of €5.0 million — equal to the amount of the alleged unpaid taxes plus interest — in August 2013 after being formally investigated. Barcelona problems During last year’s trial, Messi had argued that he trusted his father with his finances and “knew nothing” about how his wealth was managed. Prosecutors had asked for Messi to be absolved, arguing there was no evidence that the player was aware of how his income was managed. But the Supreme Court said today that he would have known about his obligation to pay taxes. “It defies logic to concede that someone who earns a large income does not know that he must pay taxes on it,” the court wrote in its sentence. In its July sentence, the Barcelona court that initially found Messi guilty had argued that if the wealthy player was not punished, “ordinary” citizens could conclude that it was better to “not show interest” in their tax obligations. Messi’s tax fraud trial had taken place against a backdrop of simmering voter anger over steep cuts to health and social spending, as the government struggles to bring Spain’s public deficit down. Messi is far from the only Barca star to find himself embroiled in problems with the Spanish authorities. Brazil star and Barcelona forward Neymar and his parents are due to stand trial for alleged corruption over his transfer from Santos in 2013. Barca’s Argentine defender Javier Mascherano also agreed a one-year suspended sentence with authorities for tax fraud last year. And former Barcelona president Sandro Rosell was arrested yesterday in a money laundering investigation related to the sale of the Brazilian national football team’s television rights. Businessman Rosell, 53, had been manager of sporting goods giants Nike in Brazil before taking over as president of Barcelona in 2010. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Premier League Channel Most Viewed Now Week Pain and passion for United fans in Manchester over Europa League win United players dedicate Europa League win to Manchester bomb victims Pogba helps ease burden of world record price tag Nadal targets 10th title at Roland Garros China turns screw on football transfer rules Silva to discuss future at relegated Hull this week Muhammad Irfan sets new national discus throw record in Germany Discus thrower Muhammad Irfan breaks national record yet again Former MotoGP champion Hayden dies after cycling accident Beckham ‘heartbreak’ as Manchester clubs pay tribute to attack victims Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Expedia enables hotel booking in Cuba Reuters Video: 'I didn't expect that to happen,' says Manchester bomber's father Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Spanish police arrest former Barcelona FC president in graft investigation Date set for Messi appeal against tax fraud sentence Spanish league chief happy for Messi to remain in La Liga Barca defend Messi social media campaign Spanish investigators drop Neymar transfer case Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/24/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/24/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: PepsiCo, Inc. vs. Kimberly-Clark Corp One is cheaper, the other has a stronger balance sheet; this is the determining factor. Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) May 24, 2017 at 8:00AM Investing legend Peter Lynch coined the phrase "buy what you know." Purchasing stock in companies whose products you're very familiar with makes it far more likely you'll understand the business dynamics -- and whether they're headed in the right direction. The two companies in today's match-up -- PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) and Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) -- are parent companies to some of the most ubiquitous brands in American households: Pepsi soda, Lay's chips, Kleenex, and Huggies diapers. Image source: Getty Images But between these two dividend-paying stalwarts, which is the better buy at today's prices? That's impossible to say with 100% accuracy. But there are three different lenses through which we can view the question -- and hopefully get a better idea for what we're buying. Sustainable competitive advantages If I could go back in time and talk to my newbie-investing-self, I'd have one simple message: Focus most of your time and energy on an investment's sustainable competitive advantages. Often referred to as a "moat," this represents what makes a company different from the competition. Often, a strong moat will keep customers coming back year after year, while the competition is held at bay for decades. For both of these companies, the biggest moat is the strength of their brands. Pepsi is parent company to more than just the eponymous soda. It's portfolio includes 22 billion-dollar brands, including Gatorade, Cheetos, Aquafina, Lipton teas, and Quaker Foods. Forbes recently ranked Pepsi as the 29th strongest brand in the world, worth $19.4 billion. Kimberly-Clark operates on a smaller scale, but unlike Pepsi, it's tops in its category. The Kleenex brand-name alone is ubiquitous for any facial tissue. And the Huggies division of the company is big business, bringing in -- along with other personal-care products -- over $9 billion in sales last year. While both of these companies have very strong brands, Pepsi and Kimberly-Clark have heavy competition from Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble, respectively. In the end, I'm going to give the edge to Kimberly-Clark for one simple reason: Pepsi's core products are in the cross-hairs of the global movement toward healthier eating; Kimberly-Clark's aren't. Winner: Kimberly-Clark. Financial fortitude One of the key benefits of owning these stocks is the dividend payout. But while many investors would probably love to see each company endlessly increase its payout, there's something to be said for keeping a healthy cash stash on hand. That's because every company at one point or another will face difficult economic times. Those that have cash on hand when these times hit have options: Buy back shares on the cheap, grab market share from rivals by outspending them, or even make acquisitions. Those that are debt-heavy are in the opposite boat -- forced to cede market share in an attempt to stay solvent. In effect, such crises are actually good for financially healthy companies. Keeping in mind that Pepsi is over three times the size of Kimberly-Clark, here's how the two stack up. Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Pepsi $18 billion $30 billion $6.7 billion $6.9 billion Kimberly-Clark $1.1 billion $6.5 billion $2.2 billion $2.4 billion Data sources: SEC filings, Yahoo! Finance. While free cash flow and net income are on par with each other, relative to size, Pepsi has by far a better balance sheet, and far less debt relative to its cash position. That makes the winner easy to determine. Winner: Pepsi. Valuation Finally, we have valuation. While we don't have a one-size-fits-all metric to compare any two companies, we can use multiple data points to make an informed analysis. Company P/E P/FCF PEG Ratio Dividend Yield FCF Payout Pepsi 23 23 3.5 2.8% 62% Kimberly-Clark 21 19 3.4 3% 56% Data sources: SEC filings, Yahoo! Finance. P/E calculated using non-GAAP EPS. Neither one of these companies is in "screaming buy" territory, and neither appears to be unreasonably expensive. That said, I'm giving the edge here to Kimberly-Clark. It's slightly cheaper on an earnings and free cash flow basis, has a slightly higher yield, and is using less of its free cash flow to pay the dividend -- meaning there's even more room for growth. Winner: Kimberly-Clark. My winner is... So there you have it: Kimberly-Clark comes out ahead. While Pepsi has a stronger balance sheet, Kimberly-Clark has a wider moat because its core business isn't under assault from new trends. And it appears to be valued at a cheaper price. Having said that, both of these companies represent investments worthy of your own due diligence if you're hunting for stalwarts that offer solid dividends.  Brian Stoffel has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends PepsiCo. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Brian Stoffel has been a Fool since 2008, and a financial journalist for the Motley Fool since 2010. He tends to follow the investment strategies of Fool-founder David Gardner, looking for the most innovative companies driving positive change for the future. Follow @TMFStoffel Article Info May 24, 2017 at 8:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $116.06 up $1.01 (0.88%) Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $45.03 up $0.64 (1.44%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $86.50 up $0.42 (0.49%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $128.03 up $1.23 (0.97%) Read More 4 Key Quotes From Kimberly Clark Corp's Earnings Call 5 Things Kimberly-Clark Corp's Management Wants You to Know Kimberly-Clark Corp Confirms 2017 Profit Forecast How Kimberly Clark Corp Makes Most of Its Money 3 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks to Survive the Brexit Panic Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Better Buy: PepsiCo, Inc. vs. Kimberly-Clark Corp @themotleyfool #stocks $PEP, $KO, $PG, $KMB
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Oleochemicals Market 2015-2022 Global Industry Outlook Research Report The Oleochemicals Market Research Report provides forecast and estimates for each application in terms of Market Size, Share, Trend and Growth during the study period 2015-2022. The global oleochemicals market research report provides detailed information about the industry based on the revenue (USD MN) for the forecast period. The research study is a descriptive analysis of this market emphasizing the market drivers and restraints that govern the overall market growth. The trends and future prospects for the market are also included in the report which gives an intellectual understanding of this industry. Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period. The Government regulations regarding use of environmentally friendly products, Consumer-driven demand and Recyclability are the major factors pushing the market uphill. But Fluctuations in prices of raw materials might restraint the growth in the coming years. Download FREE Sample Report with Full TOC At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-8957 This market has been segmented based on types such as fatty acid, fatty alcohol, glycerin, and others. The study incorporates periodic market estimates and forecasts. Each type has been analyzed based on the market size at regional and country levels. This market has been segmented based on applications such as pharmaceutical & personal care, food & beverages, soaps & detergents, polymers, and others. The report provides forecast and estimates for each application in terms of market size during the study period. Each application has been further analyzed based on regional and country levels. The report also studies the competitive landscape of the global market with company profiles of players such as Wilmar International Ltd., BASF SE, Eastman Chemical Company, P&G Chemicals, Cargill Incorporated, Evonik Industries, Godrej Industries, PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited, Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Emery Oleochemicals Group, Alnor Oil Co, Inc., Berg + Schmidt, Isosciences LLC, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company, and MYRIANT. View More about Oleochemicals Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/8957-oleochemicals-market-report A detailed description of each has been included, with information in terms of headquarters, inception, stock listing, upcoming capacities, key mergers & acquisitions, financial overview, and recent developments. This analysis gives a thorough idea about the competitive positioning of market players. The report also gives information of this market’s mergers/acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations, new product launches, new product developments and other industry developments. Major Table Of Contents: 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Analysis 4. Oleochemicals Market Analysis By Type 5. Oleochemicals Market Analysis By Application 6. Oleochemicals Market Analysis By Geography 7. Competitive Landscape Of Oleochemicals Companies 8. Company Profiles Of Oleochemicals Industry Order a complete Oleochemicals Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-8957 About DecisionDatabases.com DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more information, write to us at sales@decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsChemical and Advanced Materials, Chemicals, Global Oleochemicals Market Report, Oleochemicals, Oleochemicals Industry, Oleochemicals Industry Outlook, Oleochemicals Industry Report, Oleochemicals Market, Oleochemicals Market Analysis, Oleochemicals Market Growth, Oleochemicals Market Report, Oleochemicals Market Share, Oleochemicals Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electronic Nose Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Trustworthiness of Financial Professionals in Question Following Recent Bank Scandals Search Recent Posts NZ Budget Release – NZD little changed Ngāi Tahu Property doubles size of the Kerepeti development CEO von Rockwell Automation spricht über Zukunft des industriell genutzten Internet der Dinge Global Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) Sales And Consumption 2017 Market Research Report U2 Tickets at AT&T Stadium in Dallas, TX: Ticket Down has Downloadable U2 Tickets at AT&T Stadium Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: May 25, 2017, 9:05 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business Kamux Oyj: Kamux Corporation's Interim Report for January-March 2017 PR-Inside.com: 2017-05-24 11:02:01 Kamux Corporation                          Interim Report               May 24, 2017 12:00 Kamux Corporation's Interim Report for January-March 2017 Revenue and adjusted operating profit increased First quarter in brief - The number of cars sold by Kamux increased by 13.8% to 9,698 cars (1-3/2016: 8,523) - Kamux's revenue increased by 12.6%, totaling EUR 109.3 million (97.0) - Gross profit increased by 5.4% to EUR 12.5 million (11.9) or 11,5% (12,3) of revenue - Adjusted operating profit (EBIT) increased by 5.5% to EUR 4.6 million (4.4), or 4.3% (4.5) of revenue - Earnings per share were EUR 0.07 (0.07) Key figures EUR million 1-3/2017 1-3/2016 Change, % 1-12/2016 Revenue 109.3 97.0 12.6% 404.8 Gross profit 12.5 11.9 5.4% 49.2 of revenue, % 11.5% 12.3%   12.2% Operating profit (EBIT) 3.4 4.0 -13.5% 15.7   of revenue, % 3.1% 4.1%   3.9% Adjusted operating profit* 4.6 4.4 5.5% 18.0 of revenue, % 4.3% 4.5%   4.4% Revenue from integrated services 5.4 4.2 30.5% 19.3 of revenue, % 5.0% 4.3%   4.8% Number of cars sold 9,698 8,523 13.8% 36,290 Gross profit per car sold, EUR 1,293 1,395 -7.4% 1,357 Same store sales growth, % -6.9% 26.7% -125.9% 12.2% Net debt 26.1 23.3 12.4% 30.9 Inventory 48.1 40.2 19.6% 47.9 Inventory turnover, days 43.8 39.0 12.2% 43.1 Investments 0.3 0.1 157.3% 2.1 Average number of employees during the period 389 301 29.2% 343 Return on equity (ROE), % 38.8% 62.3% -37.7% 43.8% Return on capital employed (ROI), % 20.6% 28.9% -28.6% 22.5% Equity ratio, % 41.0% 32.7% 25.7% 36.9% Basic earnings per share, EUR 0.07 0.07 -11.0% 0.29 * Operating profit adjusted for the costs related to the initial public offering, special items related to strategy planning, strategy implementation and geographical expansion, totaling EUR 1.2 million for the first quarter of 2017 (1-3/2016: EUR 0.4 million).   Outlook and financial targets Kamux does not provide a short term outlook. In the medium term, the company's targets are to increase revenue to at least EUR 700 million in 2019 and the operating profit margin of 4-5% in 2019 and at least 5% in the long term. CEO Juha Kalliokoski: "Kamux continued strong growth and international expansion during the first quarter of 2017. Our revenue increased to EUR 109.3 million by 12.6%. Our adjusted operating profit (EBIT) increased to EUR 4.6 million with increase of 5.5%. The number of cars sold increased by 13.8% to 9,698 cars. The revenue from integrated services increased to EUR 5.4 million, representing 5.0% of the revenue. Our operating environment was challenging during the first quarter in Finland due to the uncertainty caused by the road transport report published by the Ministry of Transport and Communications. Taking this into account, I am satisfied with our performance during the first quarter. In the beginning of the year we continued to expand our showroom network. In January, we celebrated the official opening of our new showroom in Nedderfeld, Germany, and in February, we opened a new showroom in Turku, Finland. We aim to open several new showrooms during 2017 in the countries where we operate. In Sweden, we focused on the further development of our business processes, and we believe this will support our Swedish operations during the rest of the year. In April, we made a significant recruitment when Mr. Olli Kilpi was appointed as our director of international operations. Kilpi has a long and diverse background in retail, including working as the CEO of McDonalds in Sweden and Norway as well as working for Henkel and Procter and Gamble. In 2017, we aim to strengthen our organization further particularly in the areas of digitalization and international expansion. A cornerstone of our strategy is to grow profitably by opening new showrooms and increasing sales at current stores. Excellent customer experience is an important part of Kamux's operating model, and we aim to be a forerunner also in the area of digital customer experience. As a part of our digital strategy, we opened an online store in Finland in February. After the reporting period, we started our journey as a publicly listed company on the pre-list of Nasdaq Helsinki on May 12, 2017, and trading of Kamux's share on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki began on May 16, 2017. The objective of the listing is to support Kamux's growth strategy and international expansion, as well as increase Kamux's visibility in Finland and abroad. The listing is an important milestone in our journey to become the leading used car retailer in Europe."   Publication schedule for financial reporting in 2017 Kamux will publish its financial reports in 2017 as follows: Interim report for January-June 2017 on Thursday August 24, 2017. Interim report for January-September 2017 on Thursday November 23, 2017.   Interim report conference call Kamux will hold an interim report conference call today on May 24, 2017 at 15:00 (Finnish time). The interim report will be presented by CEO Juha Kalliokoski and CFO Tapio Arimo. Participants are requested to call in and register a few minutes prior to the start of the conference call at https://praecomspark.webex.com/praecomspark/onstage/g.php?MTID=e50a5daac7d7a72ac9fe399c6aae1dc6f. The numbers are: UK call-in toll number: +44-203-478-5289, Finland toll: +358 9 3158 4349 and Sweden toll: +46 8 5051 3563. Global call-in numbers: https://praecomspark.webex.com/praecomspark/globalcallin.php?serviceType=EC&ED=534514682&tollFree=0. The conference access code is: 842 758 004.   In Hämeenlinna on May 24, 2017 Kamux Corporation The Board of Directors     For more information: Juha Kalliokoski, CEO Tel. +358 50 544 5538   Tapio Arimo, CFO Tel. +358 40 829 6452   Satu Heikkilä, Director of Marketing and Communications Tel. +358 400 629 337   Appendix: Kamux Oyj_Interim Report_Q1_2017 Kamux_HistoricalFinancials2016_AppendixtoStockExchangeRelease 24052017 This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Kamux Oyj via Globenewswire # 2647 Words Related Articles More From The Author Jury Verdict of $256,450,000.00 against Nissan Motor [..] On May 22, 2017, in Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation v. Superior Auto of Fremont, LLC, et al., Orange County Superior Court [..] Icynene Europe Announces Suite of New Product [..] Icynene Europe S.P.R.L. today announced the release of several new spray foam products as it continues to experience sustained growth [..] BroadSoft and MTS win Global Telecom Business [..]   BroadSoft and Mobile TeleSystems (MTS) win an Innovation Award from Global Telecom Business BroadSoft and MTS unified communications [..] Solidium invests in Konecranes Plc Solidium Oy has acquired 3.0 per cent of the shares in Konecranes Plc for EUR 93.0 million.Konecranes is a world-leading group [..] FRO - Invitation to Q1 2017 Results [..] Frontline Ltd.'s preliminary first quarter 2017 results will be released on Tuesday May 30, 2017 and a webcast and conference [..]   More From Business GiftsbyMeeta.com Unveils a Fresh Birthday Gifts Category [..] GiftsbyMeeta a leading occasion centric gifting website in India has introduced a new category named Birthday Gifts at Pocket Price [..] Kingsoft Announces 2017 First Quarter Results HONG KONG, May 23, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Kingsoft Corporation Limited ("Kingsoft" or the "Company"; HKEx [..] CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum 2017 - The [..] SINGAPORE, May 23, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - "There have been more dramatic changes in the global satellite industry in [..] Sberbank of Russia to Start Accepting JCB [..] Moscow, Russia and Tokyo, Japan, May 19, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - JCB International Co., Ltd. (JCBI), the international operations [..] AppInstitute is delighted to announce a very [..] AppInstitute offers businesses the ability to create customer focused apps without any coding or technical skill. With AppInstitute’s DIY [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Future and Growth of Global Throat Lozenges Market by 2021 Throat lozenges, commonly known as cough sweet, cough drop, cachou or troche, are small sized medicated tablets. Lozenge word is used for diamonds that are rhombus in size. Throat lozenges are diamond shaped and these tablets get easily dissolved in the mouth and help relieve temporarily from coughs and other throat problems. It helps soothe and lubricate tissues of throat that are affected from influenza or common cold. Throat lozenges are utilized since ages (1000 BC) for treating throat infection. The first throat lozenges were made in Egypt with the utilization of various ingredients such as honey, herbs, citrus and spices. These tablets were further modified by Smith Brothers in 1852 as cough drops and in 1879 by Luden. The modification included the addition of heroin and morphine in small quantity to enhance the efficiency of the actions of throat lozenge. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5726  In current scenario of the market throat lozenges are composed of an anesthetic, benzocaine and eucalyptus oil.  Pectin or zinc gluconate glycine is utilized while manufacturing non-menthol throat lozenges. Most of the throat lozenges also contain dextromethorphan. Various brands are available in the market for throat lozenges that include CÄ“pacol, Butter-Menthol, Chloraseptic, Gorpils, Fisherman’s Friend, Halls, Lockets, Läkerol, Pastilles Juanola, Luden’s, Ricola, Robitussin, Strepsils and Smith Brothers. Some other brands are Tunes, Vigroids, Vicks, Victory V, Sucrets and CVS Throat Drops. Throat lozenges are advised to patients suffering from pharyngitis (sour throat). Pharyngitis may be caused due to either virus or bacterial infection (streptococcus infection). It is opined by the medical professionals that approximately 50% of sore throat is caused by viral infections and 15% to 20% occurs due to bacterial infections. Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Streptococcus, Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Chlamydia pneumonia are some of the bacteria that cause sore throat. Symptoms that occur in a patient suffering from sore throat include redness of throat, swollen throat and difficulty in swallowing. The growth of the market for throat lozenges will be driven by aging population since elderly people often suffer from throat infection that increase the uptake of throat lozenges. It has been projected by the World Health Organization (WHO) that by 2050 nearly 2 billion populations will belong to geriatric population and it also estimated that global elderly population was 524 million in 2010. Similarly, increasing number of HIV patients across the globe also propels the growth of throat lozenges market since HIV patients usually suffer with throat infection. Similarly, rising incidences cold and coughs will also augment the growth of throat lozenges market. In addition, changing lifestyle will further support the growth of throat lozenges market since new lifestyle is responsible for reducing immunity of the body. North America in 2012, accounted for the largest share of global throat lozenges market due to presence of large number of throat lozenges manufacturers. Also, due to cold temperature in the nations such as U.S. and Canada, accentuate the incidences of cold and cough in population and in turn boost the growth of throat lozenges market in the region. Europe accounted for the second largest share of the global throat lozenges market owing to the presence of large geriatric population. Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World accounted for the smallest share of global throat lozenges market To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/5726 .The major players operating in the throat lozenges market include GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Limited, SSL International, Thornton & Ross, Pfizer, Inc. and Procter & Gamble (P&G) amongst other significant players worldwide. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Throat Lozenges Market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Throat Lozenges, Throat Lozenges Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Xylene Formaldehyde Resin Market Analysis by Regions, Top Companies, Types, 2021 Forecast Report Next PostNext Medic-CE to Sponsor Live Clinical Webinar on Pediatric Septic Shock Search Recent Posts Industrial Wireless Transmitter Sales Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2021 Buttermilk Powder Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Handheld Demagnetizer Sales Industry Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2021 General Dehumidity Unit Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 An Interview With Mitchelle David Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pregnancy Detection Kits Market – An insight on the important factors and trends influencing the market Pregnancy test kits are devices used to detect possible pregnancy in females. Pregnancy tests are generally done after the first day of missed period. Fewer pregnancy test kits in which detection is possible through urine sample are user friendly and can be demonstrated at home by understanding the manual. These pregnancy test kits give an early indication of pregnancy. Generally, home pregnancy test kits provide 99% accurate results and can be further confirmed by undergoing a lab pregnancy test. These kits are designed to detect human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) hormone, a pregnancy hormone, in the urine sample or blood sample. hCG increases in the early days of pregnancy and presence of this hormone above particular range confirms pregnancy. The global pregnancy detection kits market is driven growing awareness about early and self-detection of pregnancy, increasing demand for self-detection of pregnancy boosted by rising adolescent pregnancy rate, technological advancements in pregnancy tests making it more accurate, promotional strategies employed by manufacturers with celebrity endorsement which influences the rural population to undertake self-pregnancy test through kits, and expansion of logistics network by distributors and manufacturers to increase accessibility of the kits. However, high cost is a major restraint of the global pregnancy detection kits market which is a concern in the undeveloped and developed countries. The risk factor associated with the inaccuracy of the test results is also hampering the growth of the global pregnancy detection kits market. Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pregnancy-detection-ki… The global pregnancy detection kits market can be segmented based on product type, type of test, end-user, and region. In terms of product type, the global pregnancy detection kits market is divided into digital devices and line indicators such as strip/dip, cassettes, and mid-stream devices. Based on test type, the market can be segmented into LH urine test, hCG urine test, FSH urine test, and hCG blood test. In terms of end-user, the market can be segmented into hospitals, diagnostic labs, and home care. The home care segment includes distribution channels such as hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies, and online pharmacies. In terms of region, the global pregnancy detection kits market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the global pregnancy detection kits market due to increased health care spending by the government. Europe is the next major market in terms of revenue and is driven by high usage of digital pregnancy test kits due to increased disposable income and growing awareness regarding the test. Asia Pacific is expected to grow exponentially during the forecast period led by growing awareness about early detection of pregnancy and its benefits, rising population, increasing disposable income, and better access to pregnancy tests in the rural sector. Latin America is an emerging market for pregnancy detection kits due to growing awareness and availability of pregnancy test kits at affordable prices. The market in Middle East & Africa is expected to witness sluggish growth due to less awareness regarding the usage of pregnancy kit and its associated benefits. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Top players in the global pregnancy detection kits market are Alere, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC plc, Church & Dwight, Prestige Brands Holdings, SPD Swiss Precision Diagnostics, Quidel Corporation, Germaine Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Piramal Enterprises, Nantong egens bio Technology Company, Cardinal Health, and Confirm Biosciences. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Antioxidants Market to Grow at a CAGR of 5.3% by 2020 Next PostNext New Partner Development Manager and Partner Director Search Recent Posts Video Event Data Recorder Market to worth US$ 3.2 Bn by the end of 2026 GCC Companies See Significant Rise in Fraud and Risk Incidents According to Kroll Global Fraud Report GCC Companies See Significant Rise in Fraud and Risk Incidents According to Kroll Global Fraud Report Refrigerated Vehicles Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2015 to 2021 Toshiba Tec Unveils World’s First Monochrome Multi-function Peripheral with Erasable Print Capability Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress

What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up BBDO agencies dominate WARC 100 category rankings News, 24 May 2017 Topics Findings from effectiveness awards GLOBAL: BBDO Worldwide was the top agency network in the 2017 WARC 100 and its subsidiary creative agencies led the way in particular categories, according to a new sectoral analysis of the rankings. The WARC 100 tracks results from over 80 effectiveness and strategy competitions from around the world and ranks the 100 best marketing campaigns, agencies and brands. In a new series of reports, WARC examines six categories – food, drinks, FMCG, automotive, retail and financial services – and highlights those brands and agencies that performed best in each during 2015-16. BBDO Hong Kong was awarded the most points for food campaigns in the WARC 100 (including two highly effective campaigns for chocolate bar Snickers: 'Hungry Slip Ups' and 'You're Not You When You're Hungry'), with AMV BBDO in second and Energy BBDO in fourth place. Colenso BBDO garnered the most points for drinks campaigns, including the top two ('Brewtroleum' for DB Export Beer and 'Must Be Milk' for Anchor's soft drink), with AMV BBDO again in second and Impact BBDO Cairo in fourth place. In FMCG, meanwhile, the runaway success of the award-winning 'Share the Load' campaign in India for Procter & Gamble's Ariel detergent, ensured that its originator BBDO Mumbai was far ahead of the pack. Grey London was awarded the most points in the automotive category for its 'Lifepaint' campaign for Volvo. This was recently put under the spotlight by the Advertising Standards Authority in the UK, which found a YouTube version of the ad to be misleading because of the implication that the paint would work equally well on both textiles and metal bicycle frames. adam&eveDDB was awarded the most points for retail campaigns, with the majority coming from its Christmas advertising work for John Lewis – the second placed campaign in the WARC 100. And McCann XBC topped the financial services category, with its #OneMoreDay campaign for MasterCard. Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News Europe's online adspend tops €40bn News IAB Research Awards winners announced News Russell Athletic flips category norms News New brands must create fame News News outlets bring halo effect to brands News Global cost of bot fraud declines News Google steps up ad attribution News Emerging markets take over half of FMCG spend View more News and Opinion More from WARC WARC 100: Lessons from the world's best marketing campaigns 2017 WARC 100: The world's best marketing campaigns and companies 2017 - Summary of results Get a demo Topics Findings from effectiveness awards 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Latest News Dow 21,012 +74.51 +0.36% Nasdaq 6,163 +24.31 +0.40% S&P 500 2,404 +5.97 +0.25% 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.4% higher at 12,693.37 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,365.70 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,529.94 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 393.01 2:31 A.M. ET United Utilities profit rises; ups total dividends 2:30 A.M. ET Tate & Lyle 2017 pretax profit rises 85% 2:30 A.M. ET B&M full-year profit up 18%; lifts U.K. store goal 2:29 A.M. ET Halfords 2017 profit falls on pound's slide 2:23 A.M. ET Crude prices extend gains, with WTI up 47 cents, or 0.9%, to $51.83 a barrel 2:23 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures rise 23.5 points, or 0.4%, to 5,754.75 2:23 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures up 9.35 points or 0.4%, to 2,411.25 2:22 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 94 points, or 0.45%, to 21,079 2:17 A.M. ET Updated Forget Paris, these are the European spots you should visit this summer 2:03 A.M. ET Montana GOP candidate charged with assault after allegedly body slamming a reporter 1:25 A.M. ET Asia stocks higher; South Korea shares soar as interest rates hold steady 1:06 A.M. ET Oil reverses some losses as investors get ready for OPEC meeting 12:59 A.M. ET Lenovo Group net profit falls 41% 12:01 A.M. ET Here’s the latest proof that marriage is dying 5/24 Take It to the Bank: First Australians Create New IDs 5/24 Updated Here’s how Trump wants to change the way you repay student loans Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Opinion: The contrarian investor’s best bet is coming down the pike By Michael Brush Published: May 24, 2017 10:03 a.m. ET Share Consumers saddled with debt will hurt the economy, affecting dividend stocks, bonds and gold Most pundits expect two more Federal Reserve rate increases and balance-sheet tightening this year — a scenario that Larry McDonald, author of The Bear Traps Report, is skeptical about. By MichaelBrush Columnist First-quarter U.S. economic growth was abysmal, but don’t worry. The economy will soon bounce back. That’s the view of most economists. As a group, they think second-quarter gross domestic product growth will come in at 2.5%, compared with 0.7% in the first quarter. But what if they’re all wrong? This is a lot more likely than you may think. After all, economists in the “bounce back” camp build much of their case on the strong labor market. This does make sense, on the surface. Consumer spending accounts for about two-thirds of the economy, and we are at full employment. The problem is, there are several early-warning signs that the consumer is in trouble, even if most people refuse to believe it. What’s more, China’s credit tightening, the impending blowup of a housing bubble in Canada and ongoing delayed economic reform in Washington will also weigh on U.S. growth. The upshot? The Federal Reserve is going to have to walk back plans for two more interest-rate increases this year — and the start of balance-sheet tightening expected to begin in December. This sets up a great trade, if you position correctly now before everyone else figures this out. That’s the view of Larry McDonald, author of The Bear Traps Report. “The trade of the year is forming right in front of our eyes,” he says. “If you look at all of these different hot spots from 30,000 feet, it is quite an impressive problem.” Fed to slow rate increases He thinks second-quarter growth will come in at only 0.9%-1.5%. “It’s not going to get as bad as 2008, but it will be enough to get the Fed to stop talking about being on a path to interest-rate hikes and balance-sheet reductions.” That will have big consequences for everything from bonds and gold, to dividend-paying stocks, the dollar and emerging markets. I’ll tell you how McDonald thinks you should position your portfolio for this “trade of the year” below, after we walk through his logic. McDonald is worth listening to. Not because he’s always right, though he has made several good calls in the past few years, especially around misplaced Fed expectations. More importantly, I like to follow McDonald’s calls because he’s one of the few people who truly applies the kind of contrarian thinking I like to use in this column and in my stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Lots of people are “fake contrarians” in that they like to think they are going against the grain because it sounds cool. But they’re really closet group thinkers at heart because, well, that’s human nature. In contrast, McDonald likes to be outside of consensus. And that’s the case now, because most pundits expect two more rate hikes and Fed balance-sheet tightening this year — a scenario he seriously doubts. Here’s why. The consumer is in trouble This might seem tough to believe, given that the stock market is holding up, the economy is at full employment and wages are rising at a pretty decent clip — 3%, which is more than inflation. But the evidence is pretty striking. First, consider the recent signs that consumers are having a harder time paying back debt. • Shares of Synchrony Financial SYF, -0.15%   just blew up, plunging over 15% in late April. The credit card company announced that its first-quarter provision for loan losses climbed 21%, or $403 million, to $1.31 billion, year over year. Synchrony also reported net charge-offs of 5.33% compared to 4.74%. Loans past due by 30 days or more climbed to 4.25% from 3.85%. The company also cautioned loan-loss reserves will continue mounting. • Net charge-offs at Capital One Financial Corp. COF, -0.52%  have been steadily rising for three quarters to 5.14% in the first quarter from 3.74% in the third quarter of last year. Provisions for losses rose 30% in the first quarter to $1.7 billion. These are not isolated stories. “Across the consumer credit spectrum, we’ve witnessed sharply higher provisioning for higher losses,” says McDonald. He thinks a lot of economists can’t believe their eyes because they think consumer credit problems arise only after employment starts to soften. But this is wrong. Back in 2006-2007, the credit cycle turned 11 months before the job market started to weaken. We’re also starting to see knock-on effects. Shares of Spirit Realty Capital Inc. SRC, +0.97% a real estate investment trust with retail, industrial and office properties, fell over 20% in early May when “abnormally high credit losses” and tenant delinquencies hit earnings and forced the company to lower its guidance. Another knock-on effect is that banks and credit card companies are pulling back credit lines. “The wounds from 2008 are still there. They are much more apt to pull back credit quickly,” says McDonald. The bottom line is that we are seeing the sharpest deterioration in credit since the great financial crisis. “The consumer credit situation in the U.S. is very fragile. The consumer is clearly struggling,” says McDonald. “This will stop the Fed in its tracks. The only question is when.” Beyond credit issues, consider this evidence that the consumer is extended, exhausted and cutting back on spending. • IPhone sales are slowing. The iPhone has to be one of the most popular consumer products in history. But the first quarter brought what Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.30%  CEO Tim Cook described as a “pause in purchases.” If consumers are balking at iPhones, there has to be a problem. • Car sales are slowing dramatically. Big companies like General Motors Co. GM, -0.06%  and Ford Motor Co. F, -0.81%  reported significantly weaker sales in April, following weak sales in March. Inventories are piling up. • Consumer spending is not keeping up with income growth. Typically, personal consumption marches in step with a measure of wages called the employment cost index (ECI). But in the first quarter, the ECI rose a lot more than consumption. Not a good sign. “This speaks to tired, over-taxed households wary of spending,” says McDonald. “Consumers are maxed out.” Canada, China and Trump While an increasingly troubled consumer may be the biggest problem for U.S. growth, it’s not the only one. In Canada, a housing bubble is starting to blow up. If this continues, it could hurt banks and bring down the economy. McDonald predicts a 12-month recession for this major U.S. trading partner, which could shave a third to a half a percentage point off U.S. GDP during the coming six quarters. China is once again reining in credit, and this has already hit commodity prices. Global and U.S. growth may be next. “China is slowing and the rest of the world will feel it,” says McDonald. “Equity markets are ignoring this message for now, or believe it is only temporary. We think it is far too soon to dismiss the impact of this Chinese deleveraging as temporary.” And, of course in Washington, President Donald Trump’s promised tax reform and fiscal stimulus are bogged down. They were supposed to pick up any slack from the Fed’s tightening of monetary policy. How to play it Below, McDonald suggests the sectors, and I am adding some exchange traded funds and stocks, which generally have Morningstar ratings of three to five, on a scale of five. • Gold. If he’s right that the Fed will have to postpone further tightening, this will be good news for gold and gold-mining companies. If you buy his thesis, it might make sense to own the VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF GDX, +1.46% Goldcorp Inc. GG, +1.03% Kinross Gold Corp. KGC, +1.68% Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd. AEM, +1.41% Barrick Gold Corp. ABX, +1.77% Iamgold Corp. IAG, +1.86% Newmont Mining Corp. NEM, +1.85%  and Yamana Gold Inc AUY, +2.56% • Interest-rate plays. It will also help interest-rate-sensitive plays like bonds, and stocks that act like bonds because they pay significant dividends. McDonald thinks U.S. 10-year Treasury yields could decline to 1.85%, from current levels in the low 2% range, which implies a big move up in the prices of those bonds. So it makes sense to own bonds and dividend payers like Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.49% Coca-Cola Co. KO, +1.44% PepsiCo Inc. PEP, +0.88% Pfizer Inc. PFE, -0.28% Abbott Laboratories ABT, -0.34% Colgate-Palmolive Co. CL, +1.03% American Electric Power Co. AEP, +0.88% Duke Energy Corp. DUK, +0.46% PPL Corp. PPL, +0.71% Southern Co. SO, +0.60%  and the Vanguard High-Dividend Yield ETF VYM, +0.09% • Infrastructure. If the economy does continue to hit a soft patch, it will put pressure on Washington to approve an infrastructure-spending plan. That will help infrastructure plays that have been out of favor due to political delays, like Chicago Bridge & Iron Co. CBI, +0.79% Fluor Corp. FLR, -0.24% Vulcan Materials Co. VMC, -1.21% Cemex SAB de CV CX, -1.05% AK Steel Holding Corp. AKS, -2.99%  and United States Steel Corp. X, +0.83% • Emerging markets. The dollar will weaken, which is good for emerging markets. This would be bullish for emerging market ETFs like the Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index VWO, +0.34%  and the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Index ETF EEM, +0.39% • Cash. In a market reshuffle, there would be a selloff phase, so it makes sense to have some cash or margin buying power, too. At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush has suggested KO and PFE in his stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. More from MarketWatch More Coverage The stock market should be more worried about the hard economic data Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? Why Pope Francis did Donald Trump a huge favor when they met at the Vatican Quote References SYF -0.04 -0.15% COF -0.42 -0.52% SRC +0.07 +0.97% AAPL -0.46 -0.30% GM -0.02 -0.06% F -0.09 -0.81% GDX +0.33 +1.46% GG +0.14 +1.03% KGC +0.07 +1.68% AEM +0.67 +1.41% ABX +0.29 +1.77% IAG +0.08 +1.86% NEM +0.61 +1.85% AUY +0.07 +2.56% PG +0.42 +0.49% KO +0.64 +1.44% PEP +1.01 +0.88% PFE -0.09 -0.28% ABT -0.15 -0.34% CL +0.76 +1.03% AEP +0.61 +0.88% DUK +0.39 +0.46% PPL +0.28 +0.71% SO +0.30 +0.60% VYM +0.07 +0.09% CBI +0.16 +0.79% FLR -0.11 -0.24% VMC -1.53 -1.21% CX -0.09 -1.05% AKS -0.18 -2.99% X +0.17 +0.83% VWO +0.14 +0.34% EEM +0.16 +0.39% Show all references Most Popular The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic Three reasons to fear the coming crash in bitcoins The stock market should be more worried about the hard economic data Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? What to do in your 40s to retire a millionaire Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.28% 30 yr fixed 3.88% 15 yr fixed 3.09% 10 yr fixed 2.95% 30 yr fixed refi 3.86% 15 yr fixed refi 3.09% 5/1 ARM 3.23% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.87% $50K HELOC 5.08% $75K HELOC 5.08% $100K HELOC 4.77% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.64% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.24% 48 Mo Used Car 3.2% 36 Mo Used Car 3.43% 72 Mo New Car 3.25% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.21% 60 Mo Auto Refi 3.01% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.73% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.62% 12.66% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.81% 15.88% 15.24% Cash Back 15.84% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Synchrony Financial U.S.: NYSE: SYF $26.80 -0.04 (-0.15%) Volume 9.1M Open $26.82 High $27.01 Low $26.70 P/E Ratio 10.23 Div Yield 1.94 Market Cap 21.8B Capital One Financial Corp. U.S.: NYSE: COF $79.92 -0.42 (-0.52%) Volume 1.5M Open $80.35 High $80.35 Low $79.75 P/E Ratio 12.15 Div Yield 2 Market Cap 38.8B Spirit Realty Capital Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SRC $7.29 +0.07 (+0.97%) Volume 18.7M Open $7.23 High $7.30 Low $7.15 P/E Ratio 119.7 Div Yield 9.88 Market Cap 3.5B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.34 -0.46 (-0.30%) Volume 18.8M Open $153.84 High $154.17 Low $152.67 P/E Ratio 17.93 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 801.9B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $33.20 -0.02 (-0.06%) Volume 10.6M Open $33.20 High $33.41 Low $33.00 P/E Ratio 5.14 Div Yield 4.58 Market Cap 50.1B Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $10.96 -0.09 (-0.81%) Volume 44.7M Open $11.06 High $11.06 Low $10.87 P/E Ratio 11.7 Div Yield 5.47 Market Cap 44.0B VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: GDX $22.97 +0.33 (+1.46%) Volume 53.6M Open $22.57 High $22.98 Low $22.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.24 Market Cap N/A Goldcorp Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GG $13.69 +0.14 (+1.03%) Volume 9.3M Open $13.53 High $13.72 Low $13.34 P/E Ratio 34.22 Div Yield 1.75 Market Cap 15.7B Kinross Gold Corp. U.S.: NYSE: KGC $4.24 +0.07 (+1.68%) Volume 13.3M Open $4.17 High $4.24 Low $4.05 P/E Ratio 1843.48 Div Yield 3.77 Market Cap 7.0B Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: AEM $48.27 +0.67 (+1.41%) Volume 2.1M Open $47.61 High $48.29 Low $46.43 P/E Ratio 40.21 Div Yield 0.83 Market Cap 14.9B Barrick Gold Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ABX $16.71 +0.29 (+1.77%) Volume 13.3M Open $16.47 High $16.74 Low $16.30 P/E Ratio 13.81 Div Yield 0.72 Market Cap 19.2B IAMGOLD Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IAG $4.37 +0.08 (+1.86%) Volume 9.2M Open $4.28 High $4.39 Low $4.19 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.7B Newmont Mining Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NEM $33.66 +0.61 (+1.85%) Volume 5.9M Open $32.96 High $33.70 Low $32.72 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.59 Market Cap 17.6B Yamana Gold Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AUY $2.80 +0.07 (+2.56%) Volume 18.9M Open $2.72 High $2.81 Low $2.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.71 Market Cap 3.5B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.50 +0.42 (+0.49%) Volume 4.6M Open $86.45 High $86.65 Low $86.21 P/E Ratio 24.62 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 220.2B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.03 +0.64 (+1.44%) Volume 12.6M Open $44.51 High $45.09 Low $44.51 P/E Ratio 31.49 Div Yield 3.29 Market Cap 189.7B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $116.06 +1.01 (+0.88%) Volume 2.7M Open $115.31 High $116.33 Low $115.12 P/E Ratio 25.04 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 164.3B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.05 -0.09 (-0.28%) Volume 19.8M Open $32.17 High $32.28 Low $31.97 P/E Ratio 27.05 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 191.8B Abbott Laboratories U.S.: NYSE: ABT $43.53 -0.15 (-0.34%) Volume 4.5M Open $43.79 High $43.79 Low $43.40 P/E Ratio 44.78 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 75.8B Colgate-Palmolive Co. U.S.: NYSE: CL $74.60 +0.76 (+1.03%) Volume 2.6M Open $74.05 High $74.72 Low $73.93 P/E Ratio 26.93 Div Yield 2.14 Market Cap 65.2B American Electric Power Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AEP $70.20 +0.61 (+0.88%) Volume 2.0M Open $69.74 High $70.24 Low $69.66 P/E Ratio 49.17 Div Yield 3.36 Market Cap 34.2B Duke Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DUK $84.69 +0.39 (+0.46%) Volume 2.9M Open $84.47 High $84.88 Low $84.39 P/E Ratio 27.01 Div Yield 4.04 Market Cap 59.0B PPL Corp. U.S.: NYSE: PPL $39.57 +0.28 (+0.71%) Volume 2.5M Open $39.35 High $39.65 Low $39.35 P/E Ratio 14.82 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 26.8B Southern Co. U.S.: NYSE: SO $50.38 +0.30 (+0.60%) Volume 4.0M Open $50.19 High $50.47 Low $50.15 P/E Ratio 18.87 Div Yield 4.61 Market Cap 49.8B Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VYM $77.58 +0.07 (+0.09%) Volume 541.9K Open $77.63 High $77.69 Low $77.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.89 Market Cap N/A Chicago Bridge & Iron Co. N.V. U.S.: NYSE: CBI $20.31 +0.16 (+0.79%) Volume 3.2M Open $20.00 High $20.41 Low $19.83 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.0B Fluor Corp. U.S.: NYSE: FLR $45.97 -0.11 (-0.24%) Volume 1.2M Open $45.96 High $46.38 Low $45.85 P/E Ratio 27.36 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 6.4B Vulcan Materials Co. U.S.: NYSE: VMC $125.12 -1.53 (-1.21%) Volume 1.5M Open $126.20 High $126.42 Low $123.35 P/E Ratio 40.23 Div Yield 0.8 Market Cap 16.7B Cemex S.A.B. de C.V. ADR U.S.: NYSE: CX $8.49 -0.09 (-1.05%) Volume 3.8M Open $8.61 High $8.62 Low $8.48 P/E Ratio 12.22 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.5B AK Steel Holding Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AKS $5.85 -0.18 (-2.99%) Volume 25.9M Open $6.06 High $6.34 Low $5.82 P/E Ratio 22.5 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.9B United States Steel Corp. U.S.: NYSE: X $20.55 +0.17 (+0.83%) Volume 47.4M Open $20.96 High $21.93 Low $20.43 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.97 Market Cap 3.6B Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VWO $40.80 +0.14 (+0.34%) Volume 9.6M Open $40.71 High $40.88 Low $40.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.7 Market Cap N/A iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: EEM $41.39 +0.16 (+0.39%) Volume 47.5M Open $41.24 High $41.46 Low $41.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.91 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 21,012 +74.51 +0.36% Nasdaq 6,163 +24.31 +0.40% S&P 500 2,404 +5.97 +0.25% 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.4% higher at 12,693.37 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,365.70 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,529.94 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 393.01 2:31 A.M. ET United Utilities profit rises; ups total dividends 2:30 A.M. ET Tate & Lyle 2017 pretax profit rises 85% 2:30 A.M. ET B&M full-year profit up 18%; lifts U.K. store goal 2:29 A.M. ET Halfords 2017 profit falls on pound's slide 2:23 A.M. ET Crude prices extend gains, with WTI up 47 cents, or 0.9%, to $51.83 a barrel 2:23 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures rise 23.5 points, or 0.4%, to 5,754.75 2:23 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures up 9.35 points or 0.4%, to 2,411.25 2:22 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 94 points, or 0.45%, to 21,079 2:17 A.M. ET Updated Forget Paris, these are the European spots you should visit this summer 2:03 A.M. ET Montana GOP candidate charged with assault after allegedly body slamming a reporter 1:25 A.M. ET Asia stocks higher; South Korea shares soar as interest rates hold steady 1:06 A.M. ET Oil reverses some losses as investors get ready for OPEC meeting 12:59 A.M. ET Lenovo Group net profit falls 41% 12:01 A.M. ET Here’s the latest proof that marriage is dying 5/24 Take It to the Bank: First Australians Create New IDs 5/24 Updated Here’s how Trump wants to change the way you repay student loans Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Opinion: The contrarian investor’s best bet is coming down the pike By Michael Brush Published: May 24, 2017 10:03 a.m. ET Share Consumers saddled with debt will hurt the economy, affecting dividend stocks, bonds and gold Most pundits expect two more Federal Reserve rate increases and balance-sheet tightening this year — a scenario that Larry McDonald, author of The Bear Traps Report, is skeptical about. By MichaelBrush Columnist First-quarter U.S. economic growth was abysmal, but don’t worry. The economy will soon bounce back. That’s the view of most economists. As a group, they think second-quarter gross domestic product growth will come in at 2.5%, compared with 0.7% in the first quarter. But what if they’re all wrong? This is a lot more likely than you may think. After all, economists in the “bounce back” camp build much of their case on the strong labor market. This does make sense, on the surface. Consumer spending accounts for about two-thirds of the economy, and we are at full employment. The problem is, there are several early-warning signs that the consumer is in trouble, even if most people refuse to believe it. What’s more, China’s credit tightening, the impending blowup of a housing bubble in Canada and ongoing delayed economic reform in Washington will also weigh on U.S. growth. The upshot? The Federal Reserve is going to have to walk back plans for two more interest-rate increases this year — and the start of balance-sheet tightening expected to begin in December. This sets up a great trade, if you position correctly now before everyone else figures this out. That’s the view of Larry McDonald, author of The Bear Traps Report. “The trade of the year is forming right in front of our eyes,” he says. “If you look at all of these different hot spots from 30,000 feet, it is quite an impressive problem.” Fed to slow rate increases He thinks second-quarter growth will come in at only 0.9%-1.5%. “It’s not going to get as bad as 2008, but it will be enough to get the Fed to stop talking about being on a path to interest-rate hikes and balance-sheet reductions.” That will have big consequences for everything from bonds and gold, to dividend-paying stocks, the dollar and emerging markets. I’ll tell you how McDonald thinks you should position your portfolio for this “trade of the year” below, after we walk through his logic. McDonald is worth listening to. Not because he’s always right, though he has made several good calls in the past few years, especially around misplaced Fed expectations. More importantly, I like to follow McDonald’s calls because he’s one of the few people who truly applies the kind of contrarian thinking I like to use in this column and in my stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Lots of people are “fake contrarians” in that they like to think they are going against the grain because it sounds cool. But they’re really closet group thinkers at heart because, well, that’s human nature. In contrast, McDonald likes to be outside of consensus. And that’s the case now, because most pundits expect two more rate hikes and Fed balance-sheet tightening this year — a scenario he seriously doubts. Here’s why. The consumer is in trouble This might seem tough to believe, given that the stock market is holding up, the economy is at full employment and wages are rising at a pretty decent clip — 3%, which is more than inflation. But the evidence is pretty striking. First, consider the recent signs that consumers are having a harder time paying back debt. • Shares of Synchrony Financial SYF, -0.15%   just blew up, plunging over 15% in late April. The credit card company announced that its first-quarter provision for loan losses climbed 21%, or $403 million, to $1.31 billion, year over year. Synchrony also reported net charge-offs of 5.33% compared to 4.74%. Loans past due by 30 days or more climbed to 4.25% from 3.85%. The company also cautioned loan-loss reserves will continue mounting. • Net charge-offs at Capital One Financial Corp. COF, -0.52%  have been steadily rising for three quarters to 5.14% in the first quarter from 3.74% in the third quarter of last year. Provisions for losses rose 30% in the first quarter to $1.7 billion. These are not isolated stories. “Across the consumer credit spectrum, we’ve witnessed sharply higher provisioning for higher losses,” says McDonald. He thinks a lot of economists can’t believe their eyes because they think consumer credit problems arise only after employment starts to soften. But this is wrong. Back in 2006-2007, the credit cycle turned 11 months before the job market started to weaken. We’re also starting to see knock-on effects. Shares of Spirit Realty Capital Inc. SRC, +0.97% a real estate investment trust with retail, industrial and office properties, fell over 20% in early May when “abnormally high credit losses” and tenant delinquencies hit earnings and forced the company to lower its guidance. Another knock-on effect is that banks and credit card companies are pulling back credit lines. “The wounds from 2008 are still there. They are much more apt to pull back credit quickly,” says McDonald. The bottom line is that we are seeing the sharpest deterioration in credit since the great financial crisis. “The consumer credit situation in the U.S. is very fragile. The consumer is clearly struggling,” says McDonald. “This will stop the Fed in its tracks. The only question is when.” Beyond credit issues, consider this evidence that the consumer is extended, exhausted and cutting back on spending. • IPhone sales are slowing. The iPhone has to be one of the most popular consumer products in history. But the first quarter brought what Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.30%  CEO Tim Cook described as a “pause in purchases.” If consumers are balking at iPhones, there has to be a problem. • Car sales are slowing dramatically. Big companies like General Motors Co. GM, -0.06%  and Ford Motor Co. F, -0.81%  reported significantly weaker sales in April, following weak sales in March. Inventories are piling up. • Consumer spending is not keeping up with income growth. Typically, personal consumption marches in step with a measure of wages called the employment cost index (ECI). But in the first quarter, the ECI rose a lot more than consumption. Not a good sign. “This speaks to tired, over-taxed households wary of spending,” says McDonald. “Consumers are maxed out.” Canada, China and Trump While an increasingly troubled consumer may be the biggest problem for U.S. growth, it’s not the only one. In Canada, a housing bubble is starting to blow up. If this continues, it could hurt banks and bring down the economy. McDonald predicts a 12-month recession for this major U.S. trading partner, which could shave a third to a half a percentage point off U.S. GDP during the coming six quarters. China is once again reining in credit, and this has already hit commodity prices. Global and U.S. growth may be next. “China is slowing and the rest of the world will feel it,” says McDonald. “Equity markets are ignoring this message for now, or believe it is only temporary. We think it is far too soon to dismiss the impact of this Chinese deleveraging as temporary.” And, of course in Washington, President Donald Trump’s promised tax reform and fiscal stimulus are bogged down. They were supposed to pick up any slack from the Fed’s tightening of monetary policy. How to play it Below, McDonald suggests the sectors, and I am adding some exchange traded funds and stocks, which generally have Morningstar ratings of three to five, on a scale of five. • Gold. If he’s right that the Fed will have to postpone further tightening, this will be good news for gold and gold-mining companies. If you buy his thesis, it might make sense to own the VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF GDX, +1.46% Goldcorp Inc. GG, +1.03% Kinross Gold Corp. KGC, +1.68% Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd. AEM, +1.41% Barrick Gold Corp. ABX, +1.77% Iamgold Corp. IAG, +1.86% Newmont Mining Corp. NEM, +1.85%  and Yamana Gold Inc AUY, +2.56% • Interest-rate plays. It will also help interest-rate-sensitive plays like bonds, and stocks that act like bonds because they pay significant dividends. McDonald thinks U.S. 10-year Treasury yields could decline to 1.85%, from current levels in the low 2% range, which implies a big move up in the prices of those bonds. So it makes sense to own bonds and dividend payers like Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.49% Coca-Cola Co. KO, +1.44% PepsiCo Inc. PEP, +0.88% Pfizer Inc. PFE, -0.28% Abbott Laboratories ABT, -0.34% Colgate-Palmolive Co. CL, +1.03% American Electric Power Co. AEP, +0.88% Duke Energy Corp. DUK, +0.46% PPL Corp. PPL, +0.71% Southern Co. SO, +0.60%  and the Vanguard High-Dividend Yield ETF VYM, +0.09% • Infrastructure. If the economy does continue to hit a soft patch, it will put pressure on Washington to approve an infrastructure-spending plan. That will help infrastructure plays that have been out of favor due to political delays, like Chicago Bridge & Iron Co. CBI, +0.79% Fluor Corp. FLR, -0.24% Vulcan Materials Co. VMC, -1.21% Cemex SAB de CV CX, -1.05% AK Steel Holding Corp. AKS, -2.99%  and United States Steel Corp. X, +0.83% • Emerging markets. The dollar will weaken, which is good for emerging markets. This would be bullish for emerging market ETFs like the Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index VWO, +0.34%  and the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Index ETF EEM, +0.39% • Cash. In a market reshuffle, there would be a selloff phase, so it makes sense to have some cash or margin buying power, too. At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush has suggested KO and PFE in his stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Bitcoin’s rise: $1,000 invested in 2010 would be worth $35 million today Here’s how Trump wants to change the way you repay student loans Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? Quote References SYF -0.04 -0.15% COF -0.42 -0.52% SRC +0.07 +0.97% AAPL -0.46 -0.30% GM -0.02 -0.06% F -0.09 -0.81% GDX +0.33 +1.46% GG +0.14 +1.03% KGC +0.07 +1.68% AEM +0.67 +1.41% ABX +0.29 +1.77% IAG +0.08 +1.86% NEM +0.61 +1.85% AUY +0.07 +2.56% PG +0.42 +0.49% KO +0.64 +1.44% PEP +1.01 +0.88% PFE -0.09 -0.28% ABT -0.15 -0.34% CL +0.76 +1.03% AEP +0.61 +0.88% DUK +0.39 +0.46% PPL +0.28 +0.71% SO +0.30 +0.60% VYM +0.07 +0.09% CBI +0.16 +0.79% FLR -0.11 -0.24% VMC -1.53 -1.21% CX -0.09 -1.05% AKS -0.18 -2.99% X +0.17 +0.83% VWO +0.14 +0.34% EEM +0.16 +0.39% Show all references Most Popular The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic Three reasons to fear the coming crash in bitcoins The stock market should be more worried about the hard economic data Bitcoin is up over 400% in the past year—what’s stopping it from going mainstream? What to do in your 40s to retire a millionaire Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.28% 30 yr fixed 3.88% 15 yr fixed 3.09% 10 yr fixed 2.95% 30 yr fixed refi 3.86% 15 yr fixed refi 3.09% 5/1 ARM 3.23% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.87% $50K HELOC 5.08% $75K HELOC 5.08% $100K HELOC 4.77% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.64% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.24% 48 Mo Used Car 3.2% 36 Mo Used Car 3.43% 72 Mo New Car 3.25% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.21% 60 Mo Auto Refi 3.01% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.73% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.62% 12.66% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.81% 15.88% 15.24% Cash Back 15.84% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Synchrony Financial U.S.: NYSE: SYF $26.80 -0.04 (-0.15%) Volume 9.1M Open $26.82 High $27.01 Low $26.70 P/E Ratio 10.23 Div Yield 1.94 Market Cap 21.8B Capital One Financial Corp. U.S.: NYSE: COF $79.92 -0.42 (-0.52%) Volume 1.5M Open $80.35 High $80.35 Low $79.75 P/E Ratio 12.15 Div Yield 2 Market Cap 38.8B Spirit Realty Capital Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SRC $7.29 +0.07 (+0.97%) Volume 18.7M Open $7.23 High $7.30 Low $7.15 P/E Ratio 119.7 Div Yield 9.88 Market Cap 3.5B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.34 -0.46 (-0.30%) Volume 18.8M Open $153.84 High $154.17 Low $152.67 P/E Ratio 17.93 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 801.9B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $33.20 -0.02 (-0.06%) Volume 10.6M Open $33.20 High $33.41 Low $33.00 P/E Ratio 5.14 Div Yield 4.58 Market Cap 50.1B Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $10.96 -0.09 (-0.81%) Volume 44.7M Open $11.06 High $11.06 Low $10.87 P/E Ratio 11.7 Div Yield 5.47 Market Cap 44.0B VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: GDX $22.97 +0.33 (+1.46%) Volume 53.6M Open $22.57 High $22.98 Low $22.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.24 Market Cap N/A Goldcorp Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GG $13.69 +0.14 (+1.03%) Volume 9.3M Open $13.53 High $13.72 Low $13.34 P/E Ratio 34.22 Div Yield 1.75 Market Cap 15.7B Kinross Gold Corp. U.S.: NYSE: KGC $4.24 +0.07 (+1.68%) Volume 13.3M Open $4.17 High $4.24 Low $4.05 P/E Ratio 1843.48 Div Yield 3.77 Market Cap 7.0B Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: AEM $48.27 +0.67 (+1.41%) Volume 2.1M Open $47.61 High $48.29 Low $46.43 P/E Ratio 40.21 Div Yield 0.83 Market Cap 14.9B Barrick Gold Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ABX $16.71 +0.29 (+1.77%) Volume 13.3M Open $16.47 High $16.74 Low $16.30 P/E Ratio 13.81 Div Yield 0.72 Market Cap 19.2B IAMGOLD Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IAG $4.37 +0.08 (+1.86%) Volume 9.2M Open $4.28 High $4.39 Low $4.19 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.7B Newmont Mining Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NEM $33.66 +0.61 (+1.85%) Volume 5.9M Open $32.96 High $33.70 Low $32.72 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.59 Market Cap 17.6B Yamana Gold Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AUY $2.80 +0.07 (+2.56%) Volume 18.9M Open $2.72 High $2.81 Low $2.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.71 Market Cap 3.5B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.50 +0.42 (+0.49%) Volume 4.6M Open $86.45 High $86.65 Low $86.21 P/E Ratio 24.62 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 220.2B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $45.03 +0.64 (+1.44%) Volume 12.6M Open $44.51 High $45.09 Low $44.51 P/E Ratio 31.49 Div Yield 3.29 Market Cap 189.7B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $116.06 +1.01 (+0.88%) Volume 2.7M Open $115.31 High $116.33 Low $115.12 P/E Ratio 25.04 Div Yield 2.77 Market Cap 164.3B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.05 -0.09 (-0.28%) Volume 19.8M Open $32.17 High $32.28 Low $31.97 P/E Ratio 27.05 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 191.8B Abbott Laboratories U.S.: NYSE: ABT $43.53 -0.15 (-0.34%) Volume 4.5M Open $43.79 High $43.79 Low $43.40 P/E Ratio 44.78 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 75.8B Colgate-Palmolive Co. U.S.: NYSE: CL $74.60 +0.76 (+1.03%) Volume 2.6M Open $74.05 High $74.72 Low $73.93 P/E Ratio 26.93 Div Yield 2.14 Market Cap 65.2B American Electric Power Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AEP $70.20 +0.61 (+0.88%) Volume 2.0M Open $69.74 High $70.24 Low $69.66 P/E Ratio 49.17 Div Yield 3.36 Market Cap 34.2B Duke Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DUK $84.69 +0.39 (+0.46%) Volume 2.9M Open $84.47 High $84.88 Low $84.39 P/E Ratio 27.01 Div Yield 4.04 Market Cap 59.0B PPL Corp. U.S.: NYSE: PPL $39.57 +0.28 (+0.71%) Volume 2.5M Open $39.35 High $39.65 Low $39.35 P/E Ratio 14.82 Div Yield 3.99 Market Cap 26.8B Southern Co. U.S.: NYSE: SO $50.38 +0.30 (+0.60%) Volume 4.0M Open $50.19 High $50.47 Low $50.15 P/E Ratio 18.87 Div Yield 4.61 Market Cap 49.8B Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VYM $77.58 +0.07 (+0.09%) Volume 541.9K Open $77.63 High $77.69 Low $77.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.89 Market Cap N/A Chicago Bridge & Iron Co. N.V. U.S.: NYSE: CBI $20.31 +0.16 (+0.79%) Volume 3.2M Open $20.00 High $20.41 Low $19.83 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.0B Fluor Corp. U.S.: NYSE: FLR $45.97 -0.11 (-0.24%) Volume 1.2M Open $45.96 High $46.38 Low $45.85 P/E Ratio 27.36 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 6.4B Vulcan Materials Co. U.S.: NYSE: VMC $125.12 -1.53 (-1.21%) Volume 1.5M Open $126.20 High $126.42 Low $123.35 P/E Ratio 40.23 Div Yield 0.8 Market Cap 16.7B Cemex S.A.B. de C.V. ADR U.S.: NYSE: CX $8.49 -0.09 (-1.05%) Volume 3.8M Open $8.61 High $8.62 Low $8.48 P/E Ratio 12.22 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.5B AK Steel Holding Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AKS $5.85 -0.18 (-2.99%) Volume 25.9M Open $6.06 High $6.34 Low $5.82 P/E Ratio 22.5 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.9B United States Steel Corp. U.S.: NYSE: X $20.55 +0.17 (+0.83%) Volume 47.4M Open $20.96 High $21.93 Low $20.43 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.97 Market Cap 3.6B Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: VWO $40.80 +0.14 (+0.34%) Volume 9.6M Open $40.71 High $40.88 Low $40.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.7 Market Cap N/A iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: EEM $41.39 +0.16 (+0.39%) Volume 47.5M Open $41.24 High $41.46 Low $41.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.91 Market Cap N/A
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for May 24, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed New Survey Points to Nutrition as Principal Factor in Liver Health Amsety Bars Provide the Best Nutritional Support According to Liver Health Experts Amsety is the first company in the US to address this enormous unmet need, based on extensive scientific research with a team of liver health specialists.     CARLSBAD, CA, May 24, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Amsety LLC, a new healthcare nutrition start-up, recently conducted a survey among physicians and liver health experts asking them to rank the importance of factors influencing liver health. According to survey results, 93% of liver experts consider nutrition "very important" or "important". Exercise ranked second, followed by abstinence from alcohol, and regular medical check-ups. Lastly, only 66% of physicians considered medication one of the most important factors. Liver disease is a growing problem worldwide and it affects over 30-million people in the US alone, with related deaths increasing by 30% within the last decade. People suffering from diabetes, obesity, celiac disease, alcohol-use disorder, hepatitis, along with other medical conditions increase the risk of developing liver disease. Every year, as this group ages, they run the risk of developing complications, and seek comprehensive disease management solutions. The rise of liver disease creates a number of problems for American citizens and the US health care system in a time when the healthcare system is being challenged. With nutrition established as the principal factor affecting liver health, it is noted that dietary restrictions for patients with liver conditions can be complex and difficult to follow. Amsety is the first company in the US to address this enormous unmet need, based on extensive scientific research with a team of liver health specialists. In developing the bar, Amsety selected only the highest quality ingredients, top suppliers, and created the exclusive Super 16 Vitamin & Mineral Mix formula. Categorized as a Food Supplement by the FDA, Amsety Bars remain a patented, one of a kind product on the US market to help liver patients manage their daily diets. Experts applaud Amsety Bars for their nutritional value, and consumers are thrilled about their taste. Featured at several liver health events including the Digestive Disease Week (DDW) in San Diego in May 2016, and the AASLD Boston Liver Meeting in Boston, November 2016. 96% of the liver experts surveyed at the events stated that they would recommend Amsety Bars to their patients over any other nutrition bar. In addition to nutrition bars, Amsety plans to introduce other dietary products to assist patients with liver conditions, while focusing its business on direct-to-consumer channels. Although Amsety is a start-up, it devotes a significant portion of its budget to education, including collaborations with patient advocacy organizations and top-rated chefs. Amsety works with professional health organizations, such as the Community Liver Alliance, for educational and patient outreach programs. About Amsety Amsety LLC was founded to support liver health in the United States. The company is headquartered in Carlsbad, California and Berlin, Germany. Amsety Bar was developed to improve the lives of liver patients by delivering healthy liver nutritional solutions. Nutrition is a critical factor for general health and well-being. However, maintaining a healthy diet can be challenging. Improving your nutrition is the first step towards a healthier lifestyle. Amsety is helping people with special liver conditions by providing products which promote liver health and wellness. Amsety Bars offer a convenient way to include important vitamins and minerals in the daily diet of liver patients. Amsety Bars are brought to life by CEO Mustafa Behan, who possesses 20+ years of executive experience at McKinsey & Co, Procter & Gamble, Deutsche Bank, and Fidelity Investments. He's implemented multimillion-dollar marketing and consulting projects for consumer goods in Europe (e.g. Pantene, Old Spice, Pampers, Always, etc.), and environmental and healthcare projects in the Middle East and US. www.amsety.com www.facebook.com/amsetybar Twitter: @amsetybar Instagram: @amsetybar For more information, please contact: Francine Marseille - Marseille & Company Management Cell: 310-738-0340 Email: fran@marseilleandcompany.com Contact: Francine Marseille 1-310-738-0340 Email Us Here # # # Read more Press Releases from Francine Marseille: Manpower NM, Searching For Skilled and Entry Level Workers - Manpower Ready to Fill Positions in Manufacturing and Production For Those Ready to Work Nanny Makes Life Saving Decision MEDITATIVE MANDALAS - An Exhibition Featuring New Works by Rafael (Rafi) Anteby With No Cure... His Life Changed Forever Waiting for a Liver Transplant, How His Brother and Nutrition Saved His Life Habitat For Humanity SF/SCV To Honor Princess Cruises And WW II Vets At Hearts For Heroes Builders Ball Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Francine Marseille Marseille & Company Management Beaverton, OR United States Voice: 1-310-738-0340 E-Mail: Email Us Here Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets May 24 2017 - 3:32PM Save Print License article Magellan's Hamish Douglass says Uber is a 'Ponzi scheme' Jessica Sier Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter 105 reading now Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More ﻿Uber's practice of persistently raising capital from private investors is akin to a Ponzi scheme, according to veteran investor and Magellan Financial Group chief executive Hamish Douglass.  In a candid interview at the Stockbrokers and Financial Advisers Conference in Sydney on Wednesday, Mr Douglass lamented the dramatic losses awaiting Uber investors as automated driving technology permeates the market. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 04:01 How Uber's controversial CEO built an ... How Uber's controversial CEO built an empire The story of Travis Kalanick and how he went from UCLA dropout to CEO of the world's most valuable technology startup, Uber. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Financial markets remain beholden to political risk Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:21 Video duration 03:21 Financial markets remain beholden to ... Financial markets remain beholden to political risk In the absence of any tier-one economic data, it really will be sentiment towards US politics that dominates investors' mindsets, although the OPEC meeting is also a consideration. (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets ). Up Next Ansell sells condom division Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:31 Video duration 00:31 Ansell sells condom division Ansell sells condom division A consortium of Humanwell Healthcare Group Co and CITIC Capital China Partners is buying Ansell's "sexual wellness" division. Up Next Banks fail to scare Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:05 Video duration 02:05 Banks fail to scare Banks fail to scare The Big Four banks did their best to scare shareholders over the new tax, but unlike mining companies, the banks don't have a major political party on their side. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next No chance wages will suddenly pick up Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:17 Video duration 02:17 No chance wages will suddenly pick up No chance wages will suddenly pick up The economics text book on wages is wrong; there are a number of reasons why wages growth will remain subdued. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next Passport control system failure causes chaos Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:52 Video duration 00:52 Passport control system failure causes ... Passport control system failure causes chaos A glitch with the Advanced Passenger Processing system causes mayhem and delays at Sydney and Melbourne airports on Monday morning. Up Next Online harassment on the rise Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:50 Video duration 03:50 Online harassment on the rise Online harassment on the rise In August 2016, Twitter co-founder Evan Williams spoke about his growing concerns surrounding online trolling. More videos How Uber's controversial CEO built an empire The story of Travis Kalanick and how he went from UCLA dropout to CEO of the world's most valuable technology startup, Uber. "I see Uber as one of the stupidest businesses in history," Mr Douglass said. "The probability of this business not going bankrupt in a decade is like 1 per cent." Pointing to Uber's high-cost, owner-driver model and what he described as its almost "valueless" user base, Mr Douglass said the San Francisco-based business' capital-raising style was like a "Ponzi scheme". SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Hamish Douglass.''I think there's a 99 per cent chance that business will collapse.'' Photo: Bloomberg "They've got no advantage over anyone else when it comes to autonomous driving technology. They tried to steal it from Google, they've ended up in court. That whole side of the business is falling apart. It's constantly losing money and it's capital-raising strategy is a Ponzi scheme. "All they do is keep increasing their private market valuation and someone always says, 'I'll put some money up, because next time they raise, it'll be at a higher price'." Advertisement The court case Mr Douglass refers to involves allegations by Waymo, the self-driving car division spun off by Google's parent company, that Uber has used stolen trade secrets to develop its own autonomous driving vehicles. The case is being heard in San Francisco. "Some of the smartest investors in the world like to show off how they got access to Uber, but I think there's a 99 per cent chance that business will collapse," said Mr Douglass.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Magellan Financial Group chief executive Hamish Douglass. Photo: Peter Rae Uber Australia refused to respond to the criticism on Wednesday.  Mr Douglass' scathing comments come the same day Uber announced it has underpaid New York drivers tens of millions of dollars, admitting it had been incorrectly calculating driver earnings.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link After slamming Uber, Douglass praised Amazon founder Jeff Bezos. Photo: Getty Images Investors have grown weary of the tech company in recent months, as it battles allegations it has evaded regulators and manages an internal investigation into sexual harassment and sexism claims.  Broker reports from the United States suggest Uber's private stock price has slumped 15 per cent to the mid-to-high $US30s.  The probability of this business not going bankrupt in a decade is like 1 per cent. Hamish Douglass Mr Douglass' criticism of the business comes just a week after venture capitalist Fred Wilson – famed for early stakes in Stripe, Twitter, Etsy and Twilio – said Uber's "win-at-all-costs" strategy would be the company's undoing.  "I think Uber had a strategy that didn't actually work, which was that they were going to run the table on the ride-sharing industry, and they were going to put everybody out of business by raising more money than anybody else," Mr Wilson said at a conference in New York City last week.  Uber, which is believed to be valued between $US60 billion and $US70 billion, is helmed by colourful businessman Travis Kalanick, who is understood to run Uber financing rounds in a tightly controlled way.  As such, Mr Wilson said the technology company's money is "only on paper". "No one has made any money in reality," Mr Wilson said at the time. "Everything that's gone wrong is a function of their strategy to control everything and go very aggressively." Magellan's tech vision In a wide-ranging interview that covered the geopolitical threat posed by North Korea ("The US could try and assassinate him [leader Kim Jong-un], but it's illegal in the US to assassinate someone when you're not at war") and the trade relationship between the United States and China ("I think Trump will listen to the side that doesn't want to put up trade barriers, unlike the nutcases in the Steve Bannon camp") Mr Douglass discussed Magellan's heavy exposure to technology businesses, and the onslaught of Amazon on the retail and technology sector. Mr Douglass heaped praise on Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and his ability to grow Amazon to a $US430 billion business after raising a total of only $US150 million. "He's a hero of mine and I think Warren Buffett is right," said Mr Douglass. "He's the businessman of our generation." Despite his admiration for Amazon's founder, the asset manager remains wary of just how clear the business' rate of return is. Separating the various arms of Amazon – Prime, its content and expedited delivery subscription service; marketplace; and Amazon Web Services – have kept the asset manager on the side. "I only buy things when I have a clear view of the rate of return," says Mr Douglass. "I've got teams trying to model exactly what that is for Amazon and we haven't got it yet. It's proven hard to work out a proper valuation." But the reach of Amazon's disruption is certain and Mr Douglass mimicked a scenario where he and his "internet-of-things-connected house" discussed his weekly groceries. "My house is going to tell me when I've run out of detergent and it's going to offer me the Amazon-brand cheap product," he said. "While Proctor & Gamble have 30 feet of their products lining Walmart and a 60 per cent market share, Bezos will assault that model. "We are in a time when it doesn't work for investors to think three to six months ahead. The disruption in our markets is seriously deep." Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Magellan's Hamish Douglass says Uber is a 'Ponzi scheme' . 18 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia The Cost Of Death: How Funeral Prices ... Contains: External link Now Is Your Chance To Meet Chris Pratt ... Contains: External link Most Popular Uber 'the stupidest business in history' Too big, too expensive: Six reasons why Topshop flopped Tiny island off Singapore may hold answers to energy's future Rich List top 20 worth $100 billion No 'gun to their heads': Fahour defends his pay Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Fashion fail: Topshop Australia calls in administrators Uber 'the stupidest business in history' The death of Uber - one large investor's bold prediction Port Hedland property market reawakens Too big, too expensive: Six reasons why Topshop flopped WA Today Perth mum scolded for hanging baby clothes in her carport Perth eyed for new jobs, rail and roads in Turnbull's 'city deal' Another Perth cafe wins council battle over red tape warriors Western Australia's public servants worried about their jobs amid cuts Homeless 'hero' of Manchester bombing given six months' free rent The Sydney Morning Herald Fashion fail: Topshop Australia calls in administrators ABC axes Abdel-Magied program one month after controversy Homeless 'hero' of Manchester bombing given six months' free rent Donald and Melania held hands, marriage still 'on the rocks' Alleged crime spree ends in double fatal crash in Sydney's inner west The Age Homeless 'hero' of Manchester bombing given six months' free rent Fashion fail: Topshop Australia calls in administrators Britain slams US for leaking name of Manchester bomber First look inside Pippa's wedding reception Prosecutor warns Corby must report to her by Friday Brisbane Times ABC axes Abdel-Magied program one month after controversy First time councillor bemoans childish conduct in chambers Hale Street, Coronation Drive intersection an 'ongoing sore': RACQ Crane falls on cars at Newstead One Nation adviser Sean Black arrested Canberra Times Govt abandons its $210 million 'shared services' white elephant Uber 'the stupidest business in history' A mother's wait ends in heartbreak: Olivia Campbell named among Manchester victims Turnbull opens door to Defence role in terror incidents Dud public servants paid to go away: audit report WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
