Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives METRO Cash & Carry and P&G partner for the Children’s Safe Drinking Water programme By:   Press Release 25-Mar-17 1739 Top News De Kock bats through pain to make Test even 26-Mar-17 398 HAMILTON: Quinton de Kock batt ... Blast in Bangladesh kills six 26-Mar-17 639 DHAKA: Two separate bomb blast ... Lahore: P&G, the maker of world renowned products such as Pampers, Always, Safeguard, Ariel, Head & Shoulders and Pantene, has collaborated with METRO Cash & Carry and Health Oriented Preventive Education (HOPE) to provide clean drinking water to Pakistani communities in need through its Children's Safe Drinking Water (CSDW) program. On the occasion of World Water Day, P&G, METRO and HOPE came together to raise awareness about the global clean drinking water crisis and reinforce their commitment to help save lives through the P&G Children's Safe Drinking Water program. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), 1000 children die every day from diseases caused by drinking contaminated water. These losses are more than those caused by HIV/AIDS and malaria combined. Moreover, diarrhea caused by drinking contaminated drinking water is a leading cause of illness and death among infants and children in the developing world, including Pakistan. Through the P&G-METRO-HOPE partnership, around 45 million liters of clean drinking water have been provided via P&G Purifier of Water sachets to disaster-struck families in Pakistan, reaching an estimated 200,000 people with clean drinking water for 4 months. This partnership has reached families affected by the drought in Tharpakar, earthquake in the northern areas such as Swat and floods in Sindh, Punjab, and KPK during the monsoon season over the past 3 years. At a press conference held at METRO Cash & Carry in Model Town, Lahore, Mr. Fayyaz Rizvi, Associate Director Sales for P&G Pakistan stated: "Clean drinking water is a problem for millions of people around the globe. We are proud to share P&G's water purification technology to help transform the lives of people in need. Clean drinking water can improve people's health, help children stay in school and provide better economic opportunities for their families. Since we began operations in Pakistan 25 years ago, P&G has been committed to touching and improving Pakistani lives. Through these years we have remained steadfast in our commitment to invest in the community. Through the P&G Children's Safe Drinking Water program over 865 million liters of clean drinking water has been made available to Pakistani communities in need, with support from our partners since 2005." He further added, "We are immensely pleased to have partnered with METRO Cash & Carry for the past 3 years on our Children's Safe Drinking Water program here in Pakistan. At P&G, we are committed to delivering 15 billion liters of clean drinking water globally by 2020. By expanding the reach of the Children's Safe Drinking Water program, we are committed to fighting the world water crisis, in partnership with NGOs, companies, and consumers." Sharing his thoughts, Mr. Marek Minkiewicz, Managing Director of METRO Cash & Carry Pakistan also addressed the gathering: "METRO is proud to be associated with P&G and its Children's Safe Drinking Water Program. METRO Cash & Carry employees in several countries are actively involved in activities to promote social and ecological projects under our global Corporate Citizen program,'Care & Share' which was launched back in 2008. In Pakistan, under the umbrella of Care & Share, our purpose is to improve people's lives, create awareness about the global clean water crisis and motivate people to help provide those in need with clean drinking water. To support this year's UN World Water Day, METRO is also running its own global "Water Initiative" campaign which is an awareness program to save wastage of water. For a developing country like Pakistan it is yet another demonstration of commitment. We are proud to be partnering with P&G in this project as a part of our Care & Share program where we can help bring clean drinking water to children and families in the developing world." Also present on this occasion, Dr. Mubina Agboatwalla, Chairperson HOPE, said: "Water is a basic human right. It is unfortunate that an overwhelming number of people all over the world and in Pakistan do not have access to clean drinking water. In partnership with P&G, through its program, HOPE has taken positive measures to provide clean drinking water to communities across Pakistan, particularly in areas where there was no access to potable water. The P&G-METRO collaboration with HOPE for disaster-relief over the past 3 years is an example of the positive impact of such collaborations by the corporate sector. HOPE is committed to facilitate P&G and METRO in its endeavor to help disaster-affected communities in Pakistan and looks forward to more collaborative projects in the future." Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus COPY CODE SNIPPET sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Reasons Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Could Rise There are signs that P&G's stock-price rally could be in its early days. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Mar 24, 2017 at 10:00AM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) hasn't posted overall market-share gains in years. That's important because improvement in that metric lies at the center of P&G's business model. Combine revenue growth with P&G's unusually strong profit margins and industry-leading cash flow productivity, and you get consistently healthy returns for investors. That formula didn't deliver in fiscal 2015 and 2016, which helps explain why the stock has underperformed the market over the last few years. But there are good reasons to believe that negative trend is about to change. Better portfolio Rather than hunkering down to battle for growth across its entire range of product categories and business lines, P&G  decided two years ago to focus on the easiest, most winnable fights. It jettisoned over 100 brands from the portfolio, most of which were small-time players that had relatively weak profit and sales growth outlooks. Image source: Getty Images. A few, including Duracell, were dominant franchises that management nevertheless saw as a distraction from P&G's core consumer product strengths. The bad news is that the company's revenue base is now about 15% smaller as a result of these changes. Yet, because the lost brands were disproportionately on the low-growth, low-margin end of the business, P&G walked away from only 5% of its profits. The portfolio that's left should expand at a roughly 1% faster organic growth rate, executives estimate, with higher overall margins. The business should also be much easier to manage through changing consumer attitudes. Lower costs P&G has had no control over the global slowdown that added to its business challenges since 2015. It's the same decline that had rival Unilever (NYSE:UL) complaining about "severe economic disruptions" as its pace of volume growth dropped last quarter. Ditto for Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB), which in late January posted just a 1% uptick in organic sales, compared to 5% in the prior fiscal year. P&G does have power over its costs, though, and the progress it has made bringing them down should serve investors well over the next few years. It cleaved $7 billion out of major areas like manufacturing, supply chain, and advertising overhead recently, and aims to remove a further $10 billion over the next few fiscal years. PG Cost of Goods Sold (TTM) data by YCharts. Shareholders have already seen tangible results from these initiatives, including an operating margin that, at 22% of sales, trounces Unilever's 15% and beats Kimberly-Clark's 18%. Cost cuts aren't a long-term solution to sluggish sales growth, of course, but it's a solid advantage to have a lower expense profile than your biggest competitors. Increased cash returns The main reason that P&G embarked on its huge brand-shedding initiative was to put the company in a more sustainable growth position. Yet the strategy also benefited shareholders by generating tons of excess cash. For example, P&G booked $9 billion of profit last quarter on just the sale of a portion of its beauty products to Coty. The Duracell transfer also boosted results by $4 billion a year ago. P&G has channeled most of these funds directly back to shareholders in what's become one of the market's most generous capital return plans. Spending on dividends and stock repurchases is set to pass $22 billion this year alone, and should amount to $70 billion by 2019 for an $18 billion annual pace since 2015. The stock currently yields a tad more than either Unilever or Kimberly-Clark. P&G might just widen that gap in April, though, when it announces its dividend policy for 2017. Now that earnings have stabilized, the company has room to significantly boost its payout and likely grab the attention of income investors in the process. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Mar 24, 2017 at 10:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $50.17 up $0.16 (0.32%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.57 down $0.20 (-0.22%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $132.45 down $0.58 (-0.44%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever What's Procter & Gamble Co.'s Real Dividend Payout Ratio? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Procter & Gamble Company Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Reasons Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Could Rise @themotleyfool #stocks $UL, $PG, $KMB
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money P&G Overseas to acquire 3.35% stake in P&G Hygiene Shares1 Fri, 24 Mar 2017-05:51pm , PTI P&G Hygiene and Healthcare today said P&G Overseas India will acquire 3.35 per cent stake in the company for Rs 763 crore from Rosemount LLC, a parent group firm. Procter and Gamble Overseas India BV (PGOI BV), a wholly- owned subsidiary of Procter and Gamble Company, USA, will buy 10.88 lakh equity shares of P&G. PGOI BV will acquire stake on April 1 for Rs 7,016 per share, P&G said in a BSE filing. At that price, the transaction will be worth Rs 763.43 crore. Shares of Procter and Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (PGHH) closed 0.13 per cent higher at Rs 6,952.15 per piece on BSE. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < 'Grounded' Ravindra Gaikwad banks on Uddhav Thackeray to 'take care of it', AI staffer demands strict action   Comments   Also Read Money Why was note conversion not allowed till March 31? RBI refuses to answer yet another RTI query Money Demonetization may have affected CAD: SBI Research Money Nissan teases #SmarterBolder Terrano facelift with GIFs ahead of launch Money Advertisers' interest in digital content is rising, industry confident of carving place in market Money How a Middle Eastern airline sold 50% more tickets by trolling Donald Trump Money Car manufacturers may be expected pay levy on sale of BS-III vehicles after April 1 Next Article > #INDvAUS: Supreme Court directs BCCI to release funds for Dharamsala Test < Previous ArticleNext Article > 'Grounded' Ravindra Gaikwad banks on Uddhav Thackeray to 'take care of it', AI staffer demands strict action Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Next node #INDvAUS: Supreme Court directs BCCI to release funds for Dharamsala Test Related Defence sector received only $1 million of FDI in 3 years Petroleum Minister Pradhan in US to showcase India's oil and gas field discoveries Pick the right insurance package on overseas travel Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags USA Gamble Company Gamble Hygiene Health Care P&G Hygiene Procter and Gamble Company Procter and Gamble Hygiene and Health Care SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Ties with China, Russia won't affect US relations: Pak Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Professional Market Analysis: Global Whitening Mask Sales Market Report 2017 This report studies sales (consumption) of Whitening Mask in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe and Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering L’Oreal Group Procter & Gamble Estee Lauder Shiseido Unilever LVMH Amorepacific LG Benetton Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Whitening Mask in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Whitening Mask in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Ask a report sample from tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Table of Contents 1 Whitening Mask Overview 2 Global Whitening Mask Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3 United States Whitening Mask (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4 China Whitening Mask (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5 Europe Whitening Mask (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6 Japan Whitening Mask (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7 Southeast Asia Whitening Mask (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 8 India Whitening Mask (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 9 Global Whitening Mask Manufacturers Analysis 10 Whitening Mask Maufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Whitening Mask Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Related Reports: Europe Whitening Mask Sales Market Report 2017 China Whitening Mask Sales Market Report 2017 Contact Details: Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher Contact Person: Tina Ning Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com or qyresearcheurope@126.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN) Web: http://www.qyresearcheurope.com/ or http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/﻿ CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Chronic Kidney Disease Drugs Industry Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext Global Grow Lights Industry Market Research Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Dow, S&P 500 finish lower Friday after Republicans pull AHCA >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Stink-Free Buy Once the poster child for the recession and bailout funk, BAC stock is now the leader of the resurgence By Chris Fraley, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 24, 2017, 12:50 pm EDT Get BAC alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Stink-Free Buy 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends Don’t Expect a Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Turnaround Anytime Soon Recent Posts: Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Stink-Free Buy 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends The Jump in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is Just Beginning View All Posts About 10 years ago, my grandfather, a savvy investor and extremely generous man, decided to gift one stock to each of his grandchildren. I got shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG), which has worked out quite well, especially since he enrolled me in their dividend reinvestment program. My sister received shares of Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC). And holding BAC stock hasn’t worked out so well … until lately. Source: Shutterstock Now, Bank of America is making a comeback, and I expect my sister to continue to get the better of me in the years to come. Today, I want to talk about BAC stock, including the bull case, and where I think you should buy. Bank of America: The Comeback Trail If you’re looking at it from 10,000 feet, the investment still doesn’t look good. A decade after peaking around $53 a share, today BAC stock trades at less than half that, at $23. BofA, of course, was one of the biggest casualties of the subprime mortgage crisis, and BAC stock was pummeled accordingly, free falling from $50 in August 2007 to as low as $3 in February 2009. It was no secret as to why: Earnings per share declined 28% in 2007 and another 83% in 2008, and the bank did away its once-generous dividend payout. America’s biggest banks became poster children for the financial collapse, and Bank of America was the headliner — at least on Wall Street. Now, eight years after its 2009 nadir, BAC stock is one of the fastest-rising financials on the market. It’s up 70% in the last year, trailing only Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) (72% return) among big banks. And the dividend, re-instituted at a mere penny per share in September 2013, is back to respectability at 7.5 cents per share, good for a 1.3% yield. It’s not great, but it’s improving, and for now, that’s what matters. Why Bank of America is improving isn’t a mystery. Recent operational results give a decent picture: Earnings per share were up 42% year-over-year last quarter, and have skyrocketed to $1.58 in full-year 2016 from a mere penny per share in 2011. Sure, there have been potholes along the way. Earnings actually declined in 2014, and BAC has recorded a down quarter as recently as Q2 2016. But the general trend in Bank of America has been up, up, up … and BAC stock has followed suit. Is it out of the woods? Hardly. Sales are still growing at a snail’s pace, improving a mere 0.86% last year. In fact, the $83.7 billion in revenues last year marked BAC’s second-worst annual top-line performance since 2012. Even in 2009, at the height of the recession, Bank of America’s sales topped $119 billion. The bank is far from fully restored to its pre-recession financial footing. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-is-a-stink-free-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Consumer Stocks to Lead Your Portfolio 3 High-Yield REITs Offering 7% or More 3 Inflation-Proof Stocks to Buy Now How Much Will AAPL Fall If iPhone 8 Flops? Will Snap Lose the War With Facebook? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Consumer Stocks That Will Lead Your Portfolio 3 High-Yield REITs Offering 7% or More 3 Inflation-Proof Stocks to Buy Now 2 Financial Stocks to Short as Bank Sentiment Sours Most Popular The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Consumer Stocks That Will Lead Your Portfolio 9 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $9 a Share 3 High-Yield REITs Offering 7% or More Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Stink-Free Buy 3 Inflation-Proof Stocks to Buy Now Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Global Aerosols Market 2017 : SC Johnson & Son, Thymes, Crabtree & Evelyn, AkzoNobel NV, Unilever PLC, Henkel AG Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 03/24/2017 — The Global Aerosols Market 2017 Industry Research Report is a in-depth study and professional analysis on the current state of the Aerosols market. Aerosols Market Report Details: Firstly, Worldwide Aerosols Market report provides a basic overview of the Aerosols industry including classification, definitions, Key vendors, Growth Drivers, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis and Aerosols industry chain structure. Do Inquiry Before Purchase: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/117620#inquiry-for-buying Major Companies covered in this Research Report are, 1. Reckitt Benckiser Group plc 2. SC Johnson & Son, Inc. 3. Thymes, LLC 4. Crabtree & Evelyn, Ltd. 5. AkzoNobel NV 6. Proctor & Gamble 7. Unilever PLC 8. Henkel AG Global Aerosols Market analysis is provided for the international industry including company development history, Aerosols market competitive landscape, Regional analysis and major regions development status on industry Market scenario. Global Aerosols Sales Industry Report 2017 Covers:- 1. Aerosols Overview 2. Global Aerosols Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 3. United States, China, Europe, Japan Aerosols (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4. Worldwide Aerosols Manufacturers Analysis 5. Aerosols Manufacturing Cost Analysis 6. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 7. Industrial Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 8. Market Effect Factors Analysis 9. Worldwide Aerosols Market Forecast (2017-2021) 10. Appendix Get Sample of Report: http://www.qymarketresearch.com/report/117620#request-sample Secondly, Aerosols Market report includes, development policies and plans are discussed, manufacturing processes and cost structures. This Aerosols Industry report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, Global Aerosols Market revenue and gross margin by regions (South East Asia, India, North America, Europe, Japan and China) and also other can be added. Then, the report pay attention on worldwide major leading market players (in Aerosols industry area) with information such as Company Profile, Sales Volume, Price, Gross Margin and contact information. Global Aerosols Industry report also includes Upstream & downstream consumers analysis, raw materials. All above Company Profile, Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Revenue, Supply, Import, Export and Consumption covered in Aerosols industry report. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Companies, company, Industry, major, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Baby Stroller Market 2017 Focuses on Global Manufactureres Stokke AS, Hauck, Dorel, ABC Design, Good Baby, Emmaljunga, UPPAbaby Next PostNext Worldwide Reinsurance Market Sales Is Growing at $198 Bn in 2018 Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Fabric Conditioner Market Report 2021: Latest and the Most Reliable Information Including Technological Perspective. Fabric Conditioner Market Research Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Fabric Conditioner Industry for 2017-2021. Fabric Conditioner Market, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years and discussion of the key vendors effective in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of Fabric Conditioner globally. For further information on this report, please visit- http://www.marketreportsworld.com/10355618 The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. Following Companies Are Key Players of the Fabric Conditioner Market: Colgate-Palmolive Henkel Procter & Gamble Reckitt Benckiser Unilever Other Prominent Vendors of Fabric Conditioner Market Are: Church & Dwight Kao LG Household and Healthcare Lion Marico Nakoma Products Pigeon PZ Cussons (UK) Sara Lee Sears Daily Necessities Seventh Generation   Fabric conditioners are emerging in different forms such as capsules, sprays, bars, and crystals. Another format that is gaining popularity is a ball-shaped organic fabric conditioner made of wool, which is environment-friendly and lasts for a number of washes. P&G’s Downy Unstopable is available in a wide range of fragrances and in the form of sprays and crystals. Unilever’s Comfort has launched liquid capsules in Europe and China. This format was launched so that users do not have to be concerned about the volume of the conditioner being used as the capsule contains a specific amount of conditioner. Ask Sample PDF of Fabric Conditioner Market Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10355618   According to the report, concentrated fabric conditioners are formulas that have a thicker consistency and are less diluted than traditional fabric conditioners. These concentrated formulas can serve the purpose of their traditional counterparts efficiently at much less quantities. The consumer can dilute the product according to their choice. This means that the same end-product at a consumer level requires much less packaging and lower amounts of water during the manufacturing process. Also, as concentrated fabric conditioners take up less space per unit, they can be transported in greater quantities, which reduces fuel consumption and transportation costs. Hence, vendors are able to save time and money when manufacturing concentrated fabric conditioners. Unilever’s Comfort offers some of the most popular concentrated fabric conditioners in the market. Leveraging the growing demand for concentrated products, other vendors in the market, such as Kao, are also launching high-concentration fabric conditioner products in the market. Report also presents Geographical Segmentation analysis of Fabric Conditioner Market of Americas, APAC, EMEA region.   For Any Query, Contact Our Expert @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10355618 Further, the report states that while fabric conditioners are essential to the maintenance of fabric quality, they also may contain toxic or harmful substances that affect indoor air quality and make the fabric more flammable. Some of the chemicals found in fabric conditioners are chloroform, ethyl acetate, and limonene. These chemicals are particularly harmful to children, which is why the product labels on some fabric conditioners indicate that they should not be used on children’s nightwear. Excessive exposure to the chemicals can lead to their build up in the body and affect health. When used on a regular basis on daily-use products such as sheets, towels, and clothing, air quality inside the house is also affected. Key questions answered in Fabric Conditioner market report: What will the Fabric Conditioner market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving Fabric Conditioner market? What are the challenges to Fabric Conditioner market growth? Who are the key vendors in Fabric Conditioner market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   No of Pages: 62 Price of Report: $ 3500 (Single User License) Purchase Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10355618 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBest Fabric Conditioner Industry Report, Best Fabric Conditioner Market Report, Business, Companies, Environment, Fabric Conditioner Industry, Fabric Conditioner industry forecast, Fabric Conditioner Industry growth, Fabric Conditioner Industry Report, Fabric Conditioner Industry shares, Fabric Conditioner Industry size, Fabric Conditioner Market, Fabric Conditioner market analysis, Fabric Conditioner market growth, Fabric Conditioner Market Report, Fabric Conditioner Market shares, Fabric Conditioner market size, Fabric Conditioner Market trends, Fabric Conditioner Report, Google News, Health, Latest Fabric Conditioner Industry Report, Latest Fabric Conditioner Market Report, Markets, Research, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious American College of Corporate Directors Honors NFP’s Jim DeLay with Highest Credential Next PostNext New Research: Gel Electrophoresis Market Expected To Consume the Largest Market Share By 2021 Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Ask a Fool: What Are Some Stocks That Could Protect Me From a Market Crash? There are some stocks that tend to do better than the market during tough times. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Mar 24, 2017 at 11:00AM Q: With the stock market at record highs, I'm worried that we could be overdue for a crash. What are some stocks that could help protect my portfolio? There are several types of stocks that tend to outperform the market during crashes and corrections. One big category is long-established dividend-growth stocks, particularly those that have raised their dividend every year for a long time period. Companies like AT&T, Procter & Gamble, and Johnson & Johnson immediately come to mind. These stocks have increased their dividends by 32, 60, and 54 consecutive years, respectively, and all three handily beat the S&P 500 in 2008, the last time the market crashed. In addition, consider companies that sell non-discretionary items at the cheapest prices. Dollar stores, such as Dollar Tree, are an excellent example of this, as they sell products that people need (as opposed to things they want) at lower prices than their competitors. Many businesses like this actually do better in tough economies, as they benefit from consumers who become more value-conscious. In fact, while the S&P 500 lost nearly 38% in 2008, Dollar Tree actually gained 65% for the year. As many successful investors know, it's more important to outperform during the tough times than it is to capture the market's performance in years when everything is going up. And while there's no way to accurately predict when the next market correction or crash will come, stocks like these can help you get through it in good shape. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 3/24/2017. Matthew Frankel owns shares of AT and T. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Mar 24, 2017 at 11:00AM Investment Planning Read More 5 Mistakes Borrowers Make When Taking Out a Loan 2 Travel Credit Card Bonus Essentials to Know by Heart 2 Travel Credit Card Bonus Tips 91% of Seniors Believe This Social Security Practice Should End, Survey Shows Should You Take Social Security at 62, 66, or 70? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Ask a Fool: What Are Some Stocks That Could Protect Me From a Market Crash? @themotleyfool #stocks
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Skipper hits 52-week high Business Standard Metal & mining stocks shine Capital Market  March 24, 2017 Last Updated at 12:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUGe7o ALSO READ Market turns range-bound Bank stocks nudge higher Bank stocks slide Bank stocks nudge higher PSU bank stocks gain Key benchmark indices held firm in early afternoon trade on sustained buying demand in index pivotals. At 12:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 130.54 points or 0.45% at 29,462.70. The Nifty 50 index was up 32.80 points or 0.36% at 9,119.10. Gains in ICICI Bank, ITC and State Bank of India boosted sentiment on the domestic stocks. Domestic stocks drifted higher in early trade on positive Asian stocks. Key benchmark indices extended early gains and hit fresh intraday high in morning trade. Indices hovered in a small range with positive bias in mid-morning trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.37%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.68%, outperforming the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,438 shares rose and 1,071 shares fell. A total of 161 shares were unchanged. Cipla shed 0.6%. In its clarification on media reports titled "USFDA issued import alert on Cipla's Tadalafil drug made at Bhagwanpur unit," Cipla during market hours today, 24 March 2017 said that the company niether directly or indirectly imports for sale or sell Tadalafil tables in US market nor has not authorised any third party for it. Cipla is not associated with referenced import alert of Tadalafil product or its source at Bhagwanpur site at Uttaranchal for the US market, the company said. Accordingly, this event has no impact on Cipla, it added. Metal and mining stocks gained. JSW Steel (up 1.12%), Vedanta (up 0.58%), Tata Steel (up 0.31%), Steel Authority of India (Sail) (up 1.53%), Hindustan Zinc (up 0.89%), Jindal Steel & Power (up 1.12%), Hindalco Industries (up 0.62%), NMDC (up 2.29%), Hindustan Copper (up 0.15%) edged higher. National Aluminium Company (down 0.34%) declined. Copper edged lower in the global commodities market. High Grade Copper for March 2017 delivery was currently off 0.09% at $2.6420 per pound on the COMEX. Most FMCG stocks fell. Godrej Consumer Products (down 1.37%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.84%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.19%), Hindustan Unilever (down 0.13%), Marico (down 0.34%), Nestle India (down 0.64%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 1.18%), Bajaj Corp (down 0.37%) declined. Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.2%), Britannia Industries (up 0.41%), Dabur India (up 0.44%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.23%) rose. KSK Energy Ventures was locked at 5% upper circuit at Rs 9.36, with the stock recovering on bargain hunting after recent slide. Shares of KSK Energy Ventures had declined 13.56% in the preceding four trading sessions to settle at Rs 8.92 on 23 March 2017, from its close of Rs 10.32 on 17 March 2017. Majesco surged 4.21% after the company said it has secured a multi-year contract from a tier one insurer. As a part of the agreement, the insurer will leverage Majesco's enterprise consulting services and the business transformation framework, application development & management services and the technical reference architecture, and testing services with the automation test framework and testing repository to support the vision laid out by the company for their underwriting and policy platform. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 23 March 2017. Asian Oilfield Services hit an upper circuit limit of 5% at Rs 240.85 after the company received letter of award of contract worth Rs 108.97 crore from ONGC for 2D seismic data acquisition in unappraised on land areas of sedimentary basins of India for Sector 6 (Ganga). The announcement was made during trading hours today, 24 March 2017. On the economic front, India's current account deficit (CAD) at US$ 7.9 billion (1.4% of GDP) in Q3 of 2016-17, was higher than US$ 7.1 billion (1.4% of GDP) in Q3 of 2015-16 and US$ 3.4 billion (0.6% of GDP) in the preceding quarter. The data was released by government after market hours yesterday, 23 March 2017. Despite a slightly lower trade deficit on a year-on-year (y-o-y) basis, the CAD widened primarily on account of a decline in net invisibles receipts. Net services receipts moderated on a y-o-y basis, primarily owing to the fall in earnings from software, financial services and charges for intellectual property rights. Overseas, Asian stocks were trading on a mixed note as investors await a delayed vote on US health care reform, which is seen as a proxy for the success of US President Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda. US stocks closed slightly lower yesterday, 23 March 2017 as a delay in a closely watched health-care vote raised questions about the President Donald Trump's administration's ability to win passage of its ambitious legislative agenda. The vote to dismantle the Affordable Healthcare Act, which was previously set for Thursday, is now expected to occur Friday. Traders see the success or failure of the legislation as a bellwether for Trump's ability to deliver on tax reform and infrastructure spending plans. Investors also grappled with mixed economic data. Filings for unemployment benefits rose to a seven-week high, while purchases of new homes increased in February to a seven-month high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | State Bank Of India | Bank Of India | Icici Bank | Bank | Bse | Dabur India | Icici | India | Itc | Nestle India | Nifty | Sensex | Steel Authority Of India | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Metal & mining stocks shine Key benchmark indices held firm in early afternoon trade on sustained buying demand in index pivotals. At 12:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 130.54 points or 0.45% at 29,462.70. The Nifty 50 index was up 32.80 points or 0.36% at 9,119.10. Gains in ICICI Bank, ITC and State Bank of India boosted sentiment on the domestic stocks. Key benchmark indices held firm in early afternoon trade on sustained buying demand in index pivotals. At 12:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 130.54 points or 0.45% at 29,462.70. The Nifty 50 index was up 32.80 points or 0.36% at 9,119.10. Gains in ICICI Bank, ITC and State Bank of India boosted sentiment on the domestic stocks. Domestic stocks drifted higher in early trade on positive Asian stocks. Key benchmark indices extended early gains and hit fresh intraday high in morning trade. Indices hovered in a small range with positive bias in mid-morning trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.37%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.68%, outperforming the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,438 shares rose and 1,071 shares fell. A total of 161 shares were unchanged. Cipla shed 0.6%. In its clarification on media reports titled "USFDA issued import alert on Cipla's Tadalafil drug made at Bhagwanpur unit," Cipla during market hours today, 24 March 2017 said that the company niether directly or indirectly imports for sale or sell Tadalafil tables in US market nor has not authorised any third party for it. Cipla is not associated with referenced import alert of Tadalafil product or its source at Bhagwanpur site at Uttaranchal for the US market, the company said. Accordingly, this event has no impact on Cipla, it added. Metal and mining stocks gained. JSW Steel (up 1.12%), Vedanta (up 0.58%), Tata Steel (up 0.31%), Steel Authority of India (Sail) (up 1.53%), Hindustan Zinc (up 0.89%), Jindal Steel & Power (up 1.12%), Hindalco Industries (up 0.62%), NMDC (up 2.29%), Hindustan Copper (up 0.15%) edged higher. National Aluminium Company (down 0.34%) declined. Copper edged lower in the global commodities market. High Grade Copper for March 2017 delivery was currently off 0.09% at $2.6420 per pound on the COMEX. Most FMCG stocks fell. Godrej Consumer Products (down 1.37%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.84%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.19%), Hindustan Unilever (down 0.13%), Marico (down 0.34%), Nestle India (down 0.64%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 1.18%), Bajaj Corp (down 0.37%) declined. Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.2%), Britannia Industries (up 0.41%), Dabur India (up 0.44%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.23%) rose. KSK Energy Ventures was locked at 5% upper circuit at Rs 9.36, with the stock recovering on bargain hunting after recent slide. Shares of KSK Energy Ventures had declined 13.56% in the preceding four trading sessions to settle at Rs 8.92 on 23 March 2017, from its close of Rs 10.32 on 17 March 2017. Majesco surged 4.21% after the company said it has secured a multi-year contract from a tier one insurer. As a part of the agreement, the insurer will leverage Majesco's enterprise consulting services and the business transformation framework, application development & management services and the technical reference architecture, and testing services with the automation test framework and testing repository to support the vision laid out by the company for their underwriting and policy platform. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 23 March 2017. Asian Oilfield Services hit an upper circuit limit of 5% at Rs 240.85 after the company received letter of award of contract worth Rs 108.97 crore from ONGC for 2D seismic data acquisition in unappraised on land areas of sedimentary basins of India for Sector 6 (Ganga). The announcement was made during trading hours today, 24 March 2017. On the economic front, India's current account deficit (CAD) at US$ 7.9 billion (1.4% of GDP) in Q3 of 2016-17, was higher than US$ 7.1 billion (1.4% of GDP) in Q3 of 2015-16 and US$ 3.4 billion (0.6% of GDP) in the preceding quarter. The data was released by government after market hours yesterday, 23 March 2017. Despite a slightly lower trade deficit on a year-on-year (y-o-y) basis, the CAD widened primarily on account of a decline in net invisibles receipts. Net services receipts moderated on a y-o-y basis, primarily owing to the fall in earnings from software, financial services and charges for intellectual property rights. Overseas, Asian stocks were trading on a mixed note as investors await a delayed vote on US health care reform, which is seen as a proxy for the success of US President Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda. US stocks closed slightly lower yesterday, 23 March 2017 as a delay in a closely watched health-care vote raised questions about the President Donald Trump's administration's ability to win passage of its ambitious legislative agenda. The vote to dismantle the Affordable Healthcare Act, which was previously set for Thursday, is now expected to occur Friday. Traders see the success or failure of the legislation as a bellwether for Trump's ability to deliver on tax reform and infrastructure spending plans. Investors also grappled with mixed economic data. Filings for unemployment benefits rose to a seven-week high, while purchases of new homes increased in February to a seven-month high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Metal & mining stocks shine Key benchmark indices held firm in early afternoon trade on sustained buying demand in index pivotals. At 12:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 130.54 points or 0.45% at 29,462.70. The Nifty 50 index was up 32.80 points or 0.36% at 9,119.10. Gains in ICICI Bank, ITC and State Bank of India boosted sentiment on the domestic stocks. Domestic stocks drifted higher in early trade on positive Asian stocks. Key benchmark indices extended early gains and hit fresh intraday high in morning trade. Indices hovered in a small range with positive bias in mid-morning trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.37%, underperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.68%, outperforming the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,438 shares rose and 1,071 shares fell. A total of 161 shares were unchanged. Cipla shed 0.6%. In its clarification on media reports titled "USFDA issued import alert on Cipla's Tadalafil drug made at Bhagwanpur unit," Cipla during market hours today, 24 March 2017 said that the company niether directly or indirectly imports for sale or sell Tadalafil tables in US market nor has not authorised any third party for it. Cipla is not associated with referenced import alert of Tadalafil product or its source at Bhagwanpur site at Uttaranchal for the US market, the company said. Accordingly, this event has no impact on Cipla, it added. Metal and mining stocks gained. JSW Steel (up 1.12%), Vedanta (up 0.58%), Tata Steel (up 0.31%), Steel Authority of India (Sail) (up 1.53%), Hindustan Zinc (up 0.89%), Jindal Steel & Power (up 1.12%), Hindalco Industries (up 0.62%), NMDC (up 2.29%), Hindustan Copper (up 0.15%) edged higher. National Aluminium Company (down 0.34%) declined. Copper edged lower in the global commodities market. High Grade Copper for March 2017 delivery was currently off 0.09% at $2.6420 per pound on the COMEX. Most FMCG stocks fell. Godrej Consumer Products (down 1.37%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.84%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.19%), Hindustan Unilever (down 0.13%), Marico (down 0.34%), Nestle India (down 0.64%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 1.18%), Bajaj Corp (down 0.37%) declined. Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.2%), Britannia Industries (up 0.41%), Dabur India (up 0.44%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.23%) rose. KSK Energy Ventures was locked at 5% upper circuit at Rs 9.36, with the stock recovering on bargain hunting after recent slide. Shares of KSK Energy Ventures had declined 13.56% in the preceding four trading sessions to settle at Rs 8.92 on 23 March 2017, from its close of Rs 10.32 on 17 March 2017. Majesco surged 4.21% after the company said it has secured a multi-year contract from a tier one insurer. As a part of the agreement, the insurer will leverage Majesco's enterprise consulting services and the business transformation framework, application development & management services and the technical reference architecture, and testing services with the automation test framework and testing repository to support the vision laid out by the company for their underwriting and policy platform. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 23 March 2017. Asian Oilfield Services hit an upper circuit limit of 5% at Rs 240.85 after the company received letter of award of contract worth Rs 108.97 crore from ONGC for 2D seismic data acquisition in unappraised on land areas of sedimentary basins of India for Sector 6 (Ganga). The announcement was made during trading hours today, 24 March 2017. On the economic front, India's current account deficit (CAD) at US$ 7.9 billion (1.4% of GDP) in Q3 of 2016-17, was higher than US$ 7.1 billion (1.4% of GDP) in Q3 of 2015-16 and US$ 3.4 billion (0.6% of GDP) in the preceding quarter. The data was released by government after market hours yesterday, 23 March 2017. Despite a slightly lower trade deficit on a year-on-year (y-o-y) basis, the CAD widened primarily on account of a decline in net invisibles receipts. Net services receipts moderated on a y-o-y basis, primarily owing to the fall in earnings from software, financial services and charges for intellectual property rights. Overseas, Asian stocks were trading on a mixed note as investors await a delayed vote on US health care reform, which is seen as a proxy for the success of US President Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda. US stocks closed slightly lower yesterday, 23 March 2017 as a delay in a closely watched health-care vote raised questions about the President Donald Trump's administration's ability to win passage of its ambitious legislative agenda. The vote to dismantle the Affordable Healthcare Act, which was previously set for Thursday, is now expected to occur Friday. Traders see the success or failure of the legislation as a bellwether for Trump's ability to deliver on tax reform and infrastructure spending plans. Investors also grappled with mixed economic data. Filings for unemployment benefits rose to a seven-week high, while purchases of new homes increased in February to a seven-month high. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Asia-Pacific Pregnancy Testing Market is estimated to reach $ 250.25 million by 2021. According to the report Asia Pacific Pregnancy testing market, published by Market Data Forecast, the Asia Pacific Market was worth $190.57 million in 2015 and estimated to reach $ 250.25 million by 2020 growing at a CAGR of 5.6%. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-pregnancy-testing-market-204/ Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help to find the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count. Asia-Pacific Pregnancy and fertility devices market is driven by key factors such as rising demand for fast and self-contained tests, growing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, accessibility of decentralised diagnostic tests over time-consuming laboratory tests. Escalating first-time pregnancy age and technological advancements are some of the factors supporting the growth of the market. However low adaptation rate to these kits and high price are some of the factors restraining the growth of the market Free sample of the report is  available at   http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-pregnancy-testing-market-204/request-sample The Asia-Pacific Market for Pregnancy testing is segmented into product type and test type. On the basis of product, the pregnancy testing market is segmented into Pregnancy Test Kits and Fertility Test kits. Pregnancy test kits are further sub segmented into Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, Mid-Stream, Cassette and Digital Devices. Fertility test kits are further sub segmented into Line Indicator Devices and Digital Devices. On the basis of test type the market is segmented into FSH Urine Test, Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test and Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test. Enquire more about the report http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-pregnancy-testing-market-204/inquire  Pregnancy testing market is segmented on the basis of Product Type and Test Type as follows: ·         Product Type ·         Pregnancy test kits ·         Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, ·         Mid-Stream, ·         Cassette and ·         Digital Devices ·         Fertility test kits ·         Line Indicator Devices ·         Digital Devices ·         Test Type ·         FSH Urine Test ·         Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test ·         Based on Geography Some of the major companies dominating the Asia pacific pregnancy testing market are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH. Buy now https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/asia-pacific-pregnancy-testing-market-204 The Pregnancy testing market study offers the following deliverables: Regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter’s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market. Checkout related reports in the Medical Devices Market Category: Cardiac Assist Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-cardiac-assist-devices-market-33/ Insulin Delivery Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-insulin-delivery-devices-market-261/ Trauma Fixation Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-trauma-fixation-devices-market-342/ Minimally Invasive Surgical Instruments: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-minimally-invasive-surgical-instruments-market-218/ Refurbished  Medical  Devices:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-refurbished-medical-devices-market-701/ About Us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Marketdata Forecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Environment, Geography, Industry, intelligence, Legal, major, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dairy Queen Launches The Most Amazing Cake In The Town Next PostNext Europe Prenatal and Neonatal Equipment Care Market is estimated to be growing at a CAGR of 6.25%, to reach $2.19 billion by 2021. Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Market Data Forecast Releases New Report on Latin America Pregnancy Testing Market. According to the report Latin America Pregnancy Testing Market, published by Market Data Forecast, the Latin American Market was worth $123.31 million in 2015 and estimated to reach $ 156.63 million by 2020 growing at a CAGR of 4.9%. Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help to find the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-pregnancy-testing-market-205/ Latin America Pregnancy and fertility devices market is driven by rising demand for fast and self-contained tests, growing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, accessibility of decentralised diagnostic tests over time-consuming laboratory tests. Escalating first-time pregnancy age and technological advancements are some of the major factors driving the growth of Pregnancy and fertility devices market. However low adaptation rate and high price of test kits are some of the factors hindering the growth of the market Free sample of the report is available at   http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-pregnancy-testing-market-205/request-sample The Latin America Market for Pregnancy testing is segmented into product type and test type. On the basis of product, the pregnancy testing market is segmented into Pregnancy Test Kits and Fertility Test kits. Pregnancy test kits are further sub segmented into Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, Mid-Stream, Cassette and Digital Devices. Fertility test kits are further sub segmented into Line Indicator Devices and Digital Devices. On the basis of test type the market is segmented into FSH Urine Test, Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test and Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test. Enquire more about the report http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-pregnancy-testing-market-205/inquire  Pregnancy testing market is segmented on the basis of Product Type and Test Type as follows: ·         Product Type ·         Pregnancy test kits ·         Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, ·         Mid-Stream, ·         Cassette and ·         Digital Devices ·         Fertility test kits ·         Line Indicator Devices ·         Digital Devices ·         Test Type ·         FSH Urine Test ·         Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test ·         Based on Geography Some of the major companies dominating the Latin America pregnancy testing market are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH. Buy now https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/latin-america-pregnancy-testing-market-205 The Pregnancy testing market study offers the following deliverables: Regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter’s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market. Checkout related reports in the Medical Devices Market Category: ·         Cardiac Assist Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-cardiac-assist-devices-market-34/ ·         Insulin Delivery Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-insulin-delivery-devices-market-262/ ·         Trauma Fixation Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-trauma-fixation-devices-market-343/ ·         Minimally Invasive Surgical Instruments: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-minimally-invasive-surgical-instruments-market-219/ ·         Refurbished  Medical  Devices:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-refurbished-medical-devices-market-702/ About Us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Marketdata Forecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Environment, Geography, Industry, intelligence, Legal, major, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Middle-East and Africa Food Coating Ingredients Market is Expected to reach 0.32 billion by 2021 Next PostNext North America Pregnancy Testing Market is estimated to reach $ 525.79 million by 2021 growing at a CAGR of 4.3%. Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Europe Pregnancy Testing Market, Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecast to 2021 According to the report Europe Pregnancy Testing Market, published by Market Data Forecast, the European Market was worth $190.57 million in 2015 and estimated to reach $ 250.25 million by 2020 growing at a CAGR of 5.6%.   For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-pregnancy-testing-market-203/ Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help to find the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count. European Market for Pregnancy and fertility devices is mainly driven by factors such as rising demand for fast and independent tests, increasing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, accessibility of decentralised diagnostic tests over time-consuming laboratory tests. Technological advancements and striking product features along with escalating first-time pregnancy age are some of the factors boosting the growth of Pregnancy and fertility devices market. However low adaptation rate and high price of test kits are the major factors restraining the growth of the market Free sample of the report is  available at   http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-pregnancy-testing-market-203/request-sample Europe Market for Pregnancy testing is segmented into product type and test type. On the basis of product, the pregnancy testing market is segmented into Pregnancy Test Kits and Fertility Test kits. Pregnancy test kits segment is further sub segmented into Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, Mid-Stream, Cassette and Digital Devices. Fertility test kits segment is further sub segmented into Line Indicator Devices and Digital Devices. On the basis of test type the European market pregnancy market is segmented into FSH Urine Test, Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test and Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test. Enquire more about the report http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-pregnancy-testing-market-203/inquire  Pregnancy testing market is segmented on the basis of Product Type and Test Type as follows: ·         Product Type ·         Pregnancy test kits ·         Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, ·         Mid-Stream, ·         Cassette and ·         Digital Devices ·         Fertility test kits ·         Line Indicator Devices ·         Digital Devices ·         Test Type ·         FSH Urine Test ·         Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test ·         Based on Geography Some of the major companies dominating the Europe pregnancy testing market are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH. Buy now https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/europe-pregnancy-testing-market-203 The Pregnancy testing market study offers the following deliverables: Regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter’s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market. Checkout related reports in the Medical Devices Market Category: Cardiac Assist Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-cardiac-assist-devices-market-30/ Insulin Delivery Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-insulin-delivery-devices-market-260/ Trauma Fixation Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-trauma-fixation-devices-market-341/ Minimally Invasive Surgical Instruments: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-minimally-invasive-surgical-instruments-market-217/ Refurbished  Medical  Devices:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-refurbished-medical-devices-market-700/ About Us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Marketdata Forecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Environment, Geography, Industry, intelligence, Legal, major, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Middle-East and Africa Food Coating Ingredients Market is Expected to reach 0.32 billion by 2021 Next PostNext North America Pregnancy Testing Market is estimated to reach $ 525.79 million by 2021 growing at a CAGR of 4.3%. Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News North America Pregnancy Testing Market is estimated to reach $ 525.79 million by 2021 growing at a CAGR of 4.3%. According to the report North America Pregnancy testing market, published by Market Data Forecast, the North American Market was worth $425.98 million in 2015 and estimated to reach $ 525.79 million by 2020 growing at a CAGR of 4.3%. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/ Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help to find the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count. Rising demand for fast and self-contained tests, growing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, accessibility of decentralised diagnostic tests over time-consuming laboratory tests are the major factors driving the growth of North America wearable medical devices market. Escalating first-time pregnancy age, technological advancements and striking product features are also boosting the growth of Pregnancy and fertility devices market. However low adaptation rate and high price of test kits are the key factors restraining the growth of the market Free sample of the report is  available at   http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/request-sample The North America Market for Pregnancy testing is segmented into product type and test type and geography. On the basis of product the pregnancy testing market is segmented into Pregnancy Test Kits and Fertility Test kits. Pregnancy test kits are further sub segmented into Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, Mid-Stream, Cassette and Digital Devices. Fertility test kits are further sub segmented into Line Indicator Devices and Digital Devices. On the basis of test type the market is segmented into FSH Urine Test, Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test and Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test. Enquire more about the report http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/inquire  Pregnancy testing market is segmented on the basis of Product Type and Test Type as follows: ·         Product Type ·         Pregnancy test kits ·         Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, ·         Mid-Stream, ·         Cassette and ·         Digital Devices ·         Fertility test kits ·         Line Indicator Devices ·         Digital Devices ·         Test Type ·         FSH Urine Test ·         Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test ·         Based on Geography Some of the major companies dominating the North America pregnancy testing market are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH. Buy now https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202 The Pregnancy testing market study offers the following deliverables: Regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter’s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market. Checkout related reports in the Medical Devices Market Category: Cardiac Assist Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-cardiac-assist-devices-market-28/ Insulin Delivery Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-insulin-delivery-devices-market-259/ Trauma Fixation Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-trauma-fixation-devices-market-340/ Minimally Invasive Surgical Instruments: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-minimally-invasive-surgical-instruments-market-216/ Refurbished  Medical  Devices:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-refurbished-medical-devices-market-699/ About Us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Marketdata Forecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Environment, Geography, Industry, intelligence, Legal, major, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Pregnancy Testing Market, Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Global Anti-Gibberellins Detailed examination of Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Middle east and Africa Pregnancy Testing Market is predicted to strong trend over the forecast period. According to the report Middle east and Africa Pregnancy testing market, published by Market Data Forecast, the Middle east and African Market was worth $134.52 million in 2015 and estimated to reach $ 170.39 billion by 2020 growing at a CAGR of 4.84%. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and-africa-pregnancy-testing-market-206/ Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help to find the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count. Africa & Middle-East Pregnancy and fertility devices market is majorly driven by rising demand for fast and self-contained tests, growing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, accessibility of decentralised diagnostic tests over time-consuming laboratory tests. Technological advancements and innovative product features along with escalating first-time pregnancy age are some of the factors driving the growth of Pregnancy and fertility devices market. However low adaptation rate and high price of test kits are the key factors restraining the growth of the market Free sample of the report is  available at  “http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and-africa-pregnancy-testing-market-206/request-sample The Africa & Middle- East Market for Pregnancy testing is segmented into product type and test type. On the basis of product, the pregnancy testing market is segmented into Pregnancy Test Kits and Fertility Test kits. Pregnancy test kits are further sub segmented into Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, Mid-Stream, Cassette and Digital Devices. Fertility test kits are further sub segmented into Line Indicator Devices and Digital Devices. On the basis of test type the market is segmented into FSH Urine Test, Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test and Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test. Enquire more about the report http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and-africa-pregnancy-testing-market-206/inquire  Pregnancy testing market is segmented on the basis of Product Type and Test Type as follows: ·         Product Type ·         Pregnancy test kits ·         Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, ·         Mid-Stream, ·         Cassette and ·         Digital Devices ·         Fertility test kits ·         Line Indicator Devices ·         Digital Devices ·         Test Type ·         FSH Urine Test ·         Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test ·         Based on Geography Some of the major companies dominating the pregnancy testing market are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH Buy now https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/middle-east-and-africa-pregnancy-testing-market-206 The Pregnancy testing market study offers the following deliverables: Regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter’s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market. Checkout related reports in the Medical Devices Market Category: Cardiac Assist Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and-africa-cardiac-assist-devices-market-35/ Insulin Delivery Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and-africa-insulin-delivery-devices-market-263/ Trauma Fixation Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and-africa-trauma-fixation-devices-market-344/ Minimally Invasive Surgical Instruments: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and-africa-minimally-invasive-surgical-instruments-market-220/ Refurbished  Medical  Devices:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and-africa-refurbished-medical-devices-market-703/ About Us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Marketdata Forecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Environment, Geography, Industry, intelligence, Legal, major, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious WTRMLN WTR Partners with Whole Planet Foundation® to Alleviate Poverty Next PostNext Global Pregnancy Testing Market predicted to have highest CAGR during forecast period. Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Global Pregnancy Testing Market predicted to have highest CAGR during forecast period. According to the report Global Pregnancy Testing Market, published by Market Data Forecast, the Global Market was valued $1121 million in 2015 and estimated to reach $ 1410 million by 2020 growing at a CAGR of 4.7 %. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-pregnancy-testing-market-201/ Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help to find the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count. Rising demand for fast and self-contained tests, growing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, accessibility of decentralised diagnostic tests over time-consuming laboratory tests are the major factors driving the growth of North America wearable medical devices market. Escalating first-time pregnancy age, technological advancements and striking product features are also boosting the growth of Pregnancy and fertility devices market. However low adaptation rate and high price of test kits are the key factors restraining the growth of the market Free sample of the report is available at   http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-pregnancy-testing-market-201/request-sample The North America Market for Pregnancy testing is segmented into product type and test type and geography. On the basis of product the pregnancy testing market is segmented into Pregnancy Test Kits and Fertility Test kits. Pregnancy test kits are further sub segmented into Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, Mid-Stream, Cassette and Digital Devices. Fertility test kits are further sub segmented into Line Indicator Devices and Digital Devices. On the basis of test type the market is segmented into FSH Urine Test, Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test, Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test and Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test. Enquire more about the report http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-pregnancy-testing-market-201/inquire Global Pregnancy testing market is segmented on the basis of Product Type and Test Type as follows: ·         Product Type ·         Pregnancy test kits ·         Strips/Dip Sticks & Cards, ·         Mid-Stream, ·         Cassette and ·         Digital Devices ·         Fertility test kits ·         Line Indicator Devices ·         Digital Devices ·         Test Type ·         FSH Urine Test ·         Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Blood Test ·         Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) Hormone Urine Test ·         Based on Geography ·         North America Pregnancy testing market ·         Europe Pregnancy testing market ·         Asia-Pacific Pregnancy testing market ·         Latin America Pregnancy testing market ·         Middle East and Africa Pregnancy testing market Some of the major companies dominating the Global pregnancy testing market are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH. Buy now https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/global-pregnancy-testing-market-201 The Pregnancy testing market study offers the following deliverables: Global, Regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porter’s five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market. Checkout related reports in the Medical Devices Market Category: Cardiac Assist Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-cardiac-assist-devices-market-25/ Insulin Delivery Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-insulin-delivery-devices-market-258/ Trauma Fixation Devices: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-trauma-fixation-devices-market-339/ Minimally Invasive Surgical Instruments: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-minimally-invasive-surgical-instruments-market-215/ Refurbished  Medical  Devices:  http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-refurbished-medical-devices-market-698/ About Us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Marketdata Forecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Environment, Geography, Industry, intelligence, Legal, major, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Food Coating Ingredients Market Research Report 2021 Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Prenatal and Neonatal Equipment Care Market is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Wal-Mart, PepsiCo and Dish pull YouTube ads over hateful videos Big brands are flexing their political muscle as they pull even more ads from Google's YouTube after the ads appear next to extremist videos. Tech Culture by Ian Sherr March 24, 2017 8:57 PM PDT @iansherr Enlarge Image CNET Wal-Mart, PepsiCo, Starbucks, General Motors, FX Networks and Dish Network have joined the advertising blackout against Google after learning their ads are appearing on YouTube next to videos espousing racist and anti-Semitic views. They told The Wall Street Journal they were pulling either some or all of their ads from the internet giant after being alerted the ads were still appearing on Google-owned YouTube, despite an apology from YouTube and a promise of change in policy. "We are deeply concerned and terribly disappointed that some of our brand ads have appeared alongside videos that promote hate and are offensive," PepsiCo said in a statement, adding that it's removed ads from all of Google's nonsearch services, including YouTube. "PepsiCo has a long history of embracing diversity and inclusion, and content like this violates our core values." Starbucks equally said it was shocked by the development, and stressed these videos don't fit with its vision or culture. The company has pulled its ads, and in the meantime is discussing the best way to prevent this from happening in the future. "Our content should not have appeared before the video referenced or any videos like it," a company spokeswoman said in a statement. "It has since been removed." GM confirmed it had pulled its ads, while Wal-Mart -- which said some of the content was "appalling" -- said it pulled all non-search ads. Other companies mentioned didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The WSJ also found that ads from major brands including Amazon, Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and Microsoft were appearing next to objectionable YouTube videos. Coke confirmed it had pulled its non-search ads while Microsoft said it's working with its media partners to fix these issues. P&G declined to comment specifically about Google but said it continually works with advertising partners and makes changes if they don't comply with ethics guidelines. Amazon didn't respond to a request for comment. This marks the latest bad news for YouTube, the internet's second-most-trafficked site. It's faced increasing scrutiny as waves of anti-Semitic and racist incidents have shocked the country over the past several months. As people have searched for reasons why this appears to be happening, their attention has fallen squarely on extremist news sites, social media and services like Twitter, Facebook and YouTube. Other companies that have backed away from YouTube include Verizon, Johnson & Johnson, AT&T, McDonald's, Marks & Spencer, L'Oreal, Audi, the BBC, the Guardian and the UK government. First published March 24, 1:13 p.m. PT. Update, 1:19 p.m.: Adds comment from PepsiCo and Starbucks. Update, 1:46 p.m.: Adds confirmation from GM, Coke and Wal-Mart. Update, 8:56 p.m.: Adds comment from P&G. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Culture Tech Industry Digital Media Advertising YouTube More stories Trump takes to Twitter to promise death of Obamacare Can tech save a dying bat species? First look at 'Twin Peaks' cast, plus more clues Florida beats Wisconsin at the buzzer and Twitter's still buzzing Close   Discuss: Wal-Mart, PepsiCo and Dish pull YouTube ads... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: As Galaxy S8 launches, did Note 7 blowup change anything? Robots are delivering food to your door Burritos! Sandwiches! Salads! DoorDash is now delivering food using Starship delivery robots in Redwood City, California. by Lexy Savvides 1:43 Apple kills the iPad Air 2 with new iPad In this week's wrap-up, Apple introduces its new cheapest tablet along with red iPhones. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:35 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Limited time offer, subscribe & save 25% Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Millions of expats caught in Brexit no man’s land Brexit can be good for Britain, says Swiss finance minister Trump scraps vote on Republican healthcare bill Trump’s errors sank his healthcare plan Freedom Caucus gains new potency with Trump setback  US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read The eventual decline in asset values will be catastrophic Trump scraps vote on Republican healthcare bill Trump’s errors sank his healthcare plan Singapore blogger Amos Yee granted asylum in US Healthcare reform proves bruising test for Trump the dealmaker Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Uber self-driving car crashes during US tests Yuval Noah Harari challenges the future according to Facebook The conundrum of Theresa May’s Great Repeal Bill Schroders is first in FTSE 100 to reveal gender pay gap data PwC takes one for the industry in settling MF Global Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read The eventual decline in asset values will be catastrophic BlackRock and Vanguard call for delay to fiduciary rule US stocks knocked as healthcare vote gets pulled Shadow bank crackdown prompts China cash crunch Will US healthcare failure shake investor confidence? Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read London attack: the race to unlock a dead man’s mind Martin Schulz and Emmanuel Macron could save Europe Trump’s errors sank his healthcare plan Donald Trump is a disaster for Brexit Codes of conduct breach the principles of common sense Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Codes of conduct breach the principles of common sense How to turn cyber attacks to your advantage Big eyebrows are big business for start-ups Valeria Gontareva: reforming Ukraine’s banking system Indian students turn away from US and UK business schools Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Why Singapore’s kids are so good at maths The age of unenlightenment Yuval Noah Harari challenges the future according to Facebook EU chief Jean-Claude Juncker on the Brexit bill and the eroticism of power What Damien Hirst did next Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times Chinese nappy market: end-to-end solutions Already a subscriber? Sign in here Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu’s Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience. Upgrade now Not a subscriber? Click here to subscribe What do you get in your Premium Subscription package? Lex Column - The FT’s daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930’s Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions. Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times’ lauded editor. FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week’s news stories. Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics. Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Latest News Dow 20,597 -59.86 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,829 +11.04 +0.19% S&P 500 2,344 -1.98 -0.08% 10:35 A.M. ET Why Donald Trump is a terrible leader 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Shooting on double-decker bus in Las Vegas leaves one dead 9:38 A.M. ET Updated Wall Street fear threatens a dramatic comeback in the stock market 9:37 A.M. ET Updated The Dow’s tumultuous 120-year history, in one chart 9:00 A.M. ET How to talk to your parents about their estate without seeming like a greedy jerk 7:00 A.M. ET Watch this: Quit your job, travel the world, and get paid 6:50 A.M. ET Quit your job, travel the world, and get paid 3/25 Updated More than 1 million borrowers defaulted on their student loans last year 3/25 Updated A family earning over $105,000 still can’t afford more than half of U.S. colleges 3/25 Updated This is the worst type of airline passenger 3/25 Updated Don’t quit your job if you work in 1 of these 5 industries 3/25 Updated The 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S. 3/25 Updated The 3 things you should know about your credit score after Experian’s $3 million fine 3/25 Updated These are the worst money habits parents teach their kids 3/25 Updated Why a college degree could be one of the worst ways to find a new employee 3/25 Updated Divorcing after being married for decades? Here’s what to do 3/25 Updated American cockroaches reproduce at an alarming rate (without males) 3/25 Updated There’s been a surge in ‘deaths of despair’ among white middle-aged Americans 3/25 Updated The death of the dinner date 3/25 Updated This simple scam has suddenly become more popular and could cost you up to $2,500 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Shavers Market is Forecast to Reach US$70.24 Billion by 2024 - Transparency Market Research By Published: Mar 24, 2017 7:30 a.m. ET Share ALBANY, New York, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- ALBANY, New York, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market report published by Transparency Market Research, "Global Shavers Market (By Product Type - Electric Shavers and Non-Electric By End Use - Male and Female, By Distribution Channel - Health and Beauty Stores, General Merchandising/Mass Stores, Supermarkets and Hypermarkets and Others) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2016 - 2024" In terms of revenue, the Shaversmarket was valued at USD 46.38 billion in 2015 and the same is expected to reach USD 70.24 billion by the end of the forecast period, expanding at a CAGR of 4.8% during the forecast period. However, in terms of volume, the market stood at 6.08 billion units in 2015 and the same is expected to reach 7.90 billion units by the end of the forecast period, expanding at a CAGR of 3.0% during the forecast period. Shavers are widely preferred among the male population owing to the greater need for removing facial hair. Recent trends suggest that the male population has shown increased preference towards shaving products for removing body hair as well. This is primarily due to the increasing focus on personal grooming among the male population. Females however are a lucrative target audience for the manufacturers of shaving products. Non electric shavers are still widely preferred by the mass due to their low price compared to its high price electric shaving counterparts. Europe is the dominant market for both electric and non-electric shavers due to wide adoption of such products among consumers from both genders. Asia Pacific however is the fastest growing market for the same. Europe to Maintain Supremacy in Global Shavers Market  In this research report, a geographical analysis of the global market for shavers has also been provided to the readers. As per the study, the worldwide shavers market is spread across North America, Latin America, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and Asia Pacific. In 2015, Europe acquired the dominant position in this market with a share of nearly 43%. The regional market is anticipated to retain its position throughout the period of forecast on the grounds of the economic recovery in Europe, owing to which, consumers are again getting the confidence to uptake system razors and electric shavers. Get PDF Brochure for this Research Report:  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21698 Asia Pacific and Latin America are also expected to witness a healthy progress in their market sizes, thanks to the increasing trend of urbanization and the rise in the purchasing power of consumers, notes the research study. Growing Interest of Consumers in Self Grooming to Fuel Demand for Shavers  "The increasing aesthetic consciousness and the growing interest in personal grooming among people across the world are having the most prominent influence on the uptake of shavers for the removal of facial and body hairs," says an analyst of TMR. The global market for shavers is also gaining significant impetus due to the rising awareness among consumers regarding personal hygiene and cleanliness. While the female population base in developed countries has emerged as a prominent consumer base of shavers, reflecting greatly on the market's growth; their counterparts in the emerging economies are still showing less interest in personal grooming, which may hamper the progress of this market over the forecast period. Along with this, the dearth of knowledge regarding personal hygiene among them may also hamper the market to some extent in the long run. Over the forthcoming years, the rise in disposable income of consumers, which is likely to increase their purchasing power, will have a positive impact on the market for shavers across the world. The escalating investments from leading players to increase the research activities, in a bid to invent state-of-art products, is also projected to propel this market remarkably in the near future, states the research report. Browse Research Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/shavers-market.htm With only a few companies, such as Panasonic, Philips, and P&G, having a stronghold on the entire market, the global market for shavers demonstrates a consolidated competitive landscape, finds a research report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). These companies are likely to aggressively focus on innovation and product development to remain in competition over the next few years. The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled "Shavers Market (Product Type - Electric Shavers and Non-Electric Shavers; End Use - Male and Female; Distribution Channel - Health and Beauty Stores, General Merchandising/Mass Stores, and Super Markets and Hyper Markets) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024." The global shavers market can be segmented as follows:- By Product Type  Electric Non-Electric By End User  Male Female By Distribution Channel  Health and Beauty Stores General Merchandising/Mass Stores Super Markets and Hyper Markets Others By Geography  North America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East Africa Latin America Other Research Reports by TMR:  Hand Dryers Market :   http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hand-dryer-market.html Cosmetic Skin Care Market:   http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cosmetic-skin-care-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact : Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.comGoogle+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Wall Street fear threatens a dramatic comeback in the stock market The Dow’s tumultuous 120-year history, in one chart Shoppers get mad as hell when their favorite brand is bought by the big guys Ben Carlson: My 12 favorite (and free) websites for investing information and tools How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Miami luxury developments: Tides are changing for the better View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Moneyish Watch this: This desk encourages sleeping on the job View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Global Fabric Conditioner Market 2017-2021 with Procter & Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive and others - Research and Markets March 24, 2017 08:27 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Fabric Conditioner Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The analysts forecast the global fabric conditioner market to grow at a CAGR of 5.75% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global fabric conditioner market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of fabric conditioner in the global market. According to the report, concentrated fabric conditioners are formulas that have a thicker consistency and are less diluted than traditional fabric conditioners. These concentrated formulas can serve the purpose of their traditional counterparts efficiently at much less quantities. The consumer can dilute the product according to their choice. This means that the same end-product at a consumer level requires much less packaging and lower amounts of water during the manufacturing process. Also, as concentrated fabric conditioners take up less space per unit, they can be transported in greater quantities, which reduces fuel consumption and transportation costs. Hence, vendors are able to save time and money when manufacturing concentrated fabric conditioners. Unilever's Comfort offers some of the most popular concentrated fabric conditioners in the market. Leveraging the growing demand for concentrated products, other vendors in the market, such as Kao, are also launching high-concentration fabric conditioner products in the market. Key vendors - Colgate-Palmolive - Henkel - Procter & Gamble - Reckitt Benckiser - Unilever Other prominent vendors - Church & Dwight - Kao - LG Household and Healthcare - Lion - Marico - Nakoma Products - Pigeon - PZ Cussons (UK) - Sara Lee - Sears Daily Necessities - Seventh Generation - Wipro - Zhejiang Yuanmin Technology Market drivers - Growing popularity of concentrated fabric conditioners - For a full, detailed list, view the full report Market challenges - Indoor air pollution - For a full, detailed list, view the full report Market trends - Demand for new formats of fabric conditioners - For a full, detailed list, view the full report For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6sj6vz/global_fabric Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Laundry Care and Detergents Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Laundry Care and Detergents Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Shavers Market is Forecast to Reach US$70.24 Billion by 2024 - Transparency Market Research News provided by Transparency Market Research Mar 24, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market report published by Transparency Market Research, "Global Shavers Market (By Product Type - Electric Shavers and Non-Electric By End Use - Male and Female, By Distribution Channel - Health and Beauty Stores, General Merchandising/Mass Stores, Supermarkets and Hypermarkets and Others) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2016 - 2024" In terms of revenue, the Shavers market was valued at USD 46.38 billion in 2015 and the same is expected to reach USD 70.24 billion by the end of the forecast period, expanding at a CAGR of 4.8% during the forecast period. However, in terms of volume, the market stood at 6.08 billion units in 2015 and the same is expected to reach 7.90 billion units by the end of the forecast period, expanding at a CAGR of 3.0% during the forecast period. Shavers are widely preferred among the male population owing to the greater need for removing facial hair. Recent trends suggest that the male population has shown increased preference towards shaving products for removing body hair as well. This is primarily due to the increasing focus on personal grooming among the male population. Females however are a lucrative target audience for the manufacturers of shaving products. Non electric shavers are still widely preferred by the mass due to their low price compared to its high price electric shaving counterparts. Europe is the dominant market for both electric and non-electric shavers due to wide adoption of such products among consumers from both genders. Asia Pacific however is the fastest growing market for the same. Europe to Maintain Supremacy in Global Shavers Market  In this research report, a geographical analysis of the global market for shavers has also been provided to the readers. As per the study, the worldwide shavers market is spread across North America, Latin America, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and Asia Pacific. In 2015, Europe acquired the dominant position in this market with a share of nearly 43%. The regional market is anticipated to retain its position throughout the period of forecast on the grounds of the economic recovery in Europe, owing to which, consumers are again getting the confidence to uptake system razors and electric shavers. Get PDF Brochure for this Research Report:  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21698 Asia Pacific and Latin America are also expected to witness a healthy progress in their market sizes, thanks to the increasing trend of urbanization and the rise in the purchasing power of consumers, notes the research study. Growing Interest of Consumers in Self Grooming to Fuel Demand for Shavers  "The increasing aesthetic consciousness and the growing interest in personal grooming among people across the world are having the most prominent influence on the uptake of shavers for the removal of facial and body hairs," says an analyst of TMR. The global market for shavers is also gaining significant impetus due to the rising awareness among consumers regarding personal hygiene and cleanliness. While the female population base in developed countries has emerged as a prominent consumer base of shavers, reflecting greatly on the market's growth; their counterparts in the emerging economies are still showing less interest in personal grooming, which may hamper the progress of this market over the forecast period. Along with this, the dearth of knowledge regarding personal hygiene among them may also hamper the market to some extent in the long run. Over the forthcoming years, the rise in disposable income of consumers, which is likely to increase their purchasing power, will have a positive impact on the market for shavers across the world. The escalating investments from leading players to increase the research activities, in a bid to invent state-of-art products, is also projected to propel this market remarkably in the near future, states the research report. Browse Research Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/shavers-market.htm With only a few companies, such as Panasonic, Philips, and P&G, having a stronghold on the entire market, the global market for shavers demonstrates a consolidated competitive landscape, finds a research report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). These companies are likely to aggressively focus on innovation and product development to remain in competition over the next few years. The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled "Shavers Market (Product Type - Electric Shavers and Non-Electric Shavers; End Use - Male and Female; Distribution Channel - Health and Beauty Stores, General Merchandising/Mass Stores, and Super Markets and Hyper Markets) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024." The global shavers market can be segmented as follows:- By Product Type  Electric Non-Electric By End User  Male Female By Distribution Channel  Health and Beauty Stores General Merchandising/Mass Stores Super Markets and Hyper Markets Others By Geography  North America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East Africa Latin America Other Research Reports by TMR:  Hand Dryers Market:   http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hand-dryer-market.html Cosmetic Skin Care Market:   http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cosmetic-skin-care-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research Mar 24, 2017, 06:30 ET Preview: Worldwide Flexible Printed Circuit Boards Market is Expected to Increase at a CAGR of 11.0% by 2025: Increasing Demand for Consumer Electronics to Boost Demand, Says TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 24, 2017, 06:30 ETWorldwide Flexible Printed Circuit Boards Market is Expected to... Mar 23, 2017, 08:30 ETAnimal Blood Plasma Products and Derivatives Market to Reach... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Consumer Electronics Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Shavers Market is Forecast to Reach US$70.24 Billion by 2024 - Transparency Market Research News provided by Transparency Market Research Mar 24, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Global Medicated Confectionery Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Medicated Confectionery market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer PUNE, MAHARASTRA, INDIA, March 24, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Medicated Confectionery – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 To 2022” Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1082629-global-medicated-confectionery-market-research-report-2017 Global Medicated Confectionery market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Nestle Perfetti Van Melle Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company Mondelez International Reckitt Benckiser Ricola Procter & Gamble Hershey’s Meda Pharmaceuticals Ernest Jackson Pedimont Candy Company UHA Mikakuto Universal Robina Jakemans Herbion International HEXOS Order Form @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/order-form.pdf?report_id=1082629 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Medicated Confectionery in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Hard Boiled Candies or Lozenges Medicated Gums and Chewing Gums Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Medicated Confectionery for each application, including Hospital Medicine Retail Health Products Store Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1082629-global-medicated-confectionery-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Medicated Confectionery Market Research Report 2017 1 Medicated Confectionery Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Medicated Confectionery 1.2 Medicated Confectionery Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Medicated Confectionery Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Medicated Confectionery Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Hard Boiled Candies or Lozenges 1.2.4 Medicated Gums and Chewing Gums 1.2.5 Other 1.3 Global Medicated Confectionery Segment by Application 1.3.1 Medicated Confectionery Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospital 1.3.3 Medicine Retail 1.3.4 Health Products Store 1.4 Global Medicated Confectionery Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Medicated Confectionery Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Medicated Confectionery (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Medicated Confectionery Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ….. 7 Global Medicated Confectionery Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Nestle 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Nestle Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Perfetti Van Melle 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Perfetti Van Melle Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Mondelez International 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Mondelez International Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Reckitt Benckiser 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Reckitt Benckiser Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Ricola 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Ricola Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Procter & Gamble 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Procter & Gamble Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Hershey’s 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Hershey’s Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Meda Pharmaceuticals 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Meda Pharmaceuticals Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Ernest Jackson 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Medicated Confectionery Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Ernest Jackson Medicated Confectionery Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Pedimont Candy Company 7.12 UHA Mikakuto 7.13 Universal Robina 7.14 Jakemans 7.15 Herbion International 7.16 HEXOS Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1082629 Continued…. Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Health, Industry, major, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Andrographis Paniculata Extract Sales Market: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Next PostNext Peracetic Acid 2017 Global Market Expected To Grow At CAGR 7.83% And Forecast To 2021 Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Botanical Supplements Market Will Grow at 7.5% CAGR by 2020 The global market for botanical supplements in value term grew from USD 45.1 billion in 2010 to USD 54.6 billion in 2013, and is expected to grow to USD 90.2 billion in 2020 growing at a CAGR of 7.5%. Also, Usage of botanical supplements by adult women (largest end user in 2013) is projected to increase to USD 32.9 billion in 2020 at a CAGR of 7.5%. According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “Global Market Study on Botanical Supplements: Personal Care Segment To Witness Highest Growth by 2020,” the global Botanical Supplements market was valued at USD 54.6 billion in 2013 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.5% from 2014 to 2020, to reach an estimated value of USD 90.2 million in 2020. Interest in healthy eating is influencing consumers to shift their dietary preferences in favour of food and food ingredients with potential health benefits. For consumers looking for a healthy lifestyle and seeking to reduce the risk of illness, herbal and botanical supplements (popularly known as herbal medicinal products) are among the best options. Botanical supplements include fresh or dried products in different forms, such as tablets, capsules, powders, and tea bags. Globally, garlic, ginger, santalum, plantago, ginseng, rhodiola extract, red clover extract, and soy extract are some of the most widely used botanical supplements. Increasing elderly population and little or no side effects of botanical supplements are expected to drive the global botanical supplements market. According to the Population Division of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN-DESA), there were 841 million people aged 60 and above in 2013 compared to 205 million in 1950. The number is projected to reach over 2 billion by 2050. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2797 In the last few years, Europe has emerged as the largest market for botanical supplements, followed by Asia Pacific. In Asia Pacific, the long-standing tradition of using botanical medicine, the current economic development, and increasing urbanization are some factors driving the increasing demand for botanical supplements. Owing to these factors, Asia Pacific is expected to surpass Europe as the leading market for botanical supplements. The botanical supplements market is bifurcated into application (food and beverages, pharmaceutical, and personal care) and end user (adult women, adult men, baby boomers, and others). Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/botanic… The botanical supplements market is fragmented with several players operating at global or regional levels. The global botanical supplements market is highly fragmented, with top eight companies holding only 38.4% market share. Ricola leads the market with 6.4% global share in 2013, followed by Dabur with 5.5% market share. Ricola and Procter & Gamble are some of the major companies with global operations. Dabur operates mostly in India; however, the company started selling its products in the North American and European countries, such as the U.S., France, Germany and the U.K., recently. Buy Now: You can now buy a single user license of the report @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/2797 The final report customized as per your specific requirement will be sent to your e-mail id within 7-20 days, depending on the scope of the report. For more information, please e-mail us at sales@persistencemarketresearch.com About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research, Business, Companies, company, division, Food and Beverage, Health, intelligence, Lifestyle, major, Markets Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nano-enabled Packaging Market Will Grow at 12.7% CAGR by 2020 : PMR Next PostNext 2017-2021 Hydraulic Tensioning Equipment Industry Review & Forecasts Research Report Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Browse Archives Register Login Profile Get Email Edition For local news delivered via email enter address here: About Us Contact Us Mobile Tablet Past Issues RSS Subscribe Virginia, MN 37°2:53 pm CST Light fog Get this widget Want weather on your site?Get widget Home Features Feature Stories Lake Vermilion Area Guide, Cook & Tower Your Hometown Links Today's News Auto Focus Tips Pets Special Sections Range History Health Health Features Healthy for Life Massage for Your Health Mining Features Business Conducting Commerce Website Wisdom Recipes Columnists Healthy for Life Out of the Blue Sallyworld Guest Columnists Obituaries   Services   Pickup Locations Area Churches Photos Videos Calendar Auto Services Shopping Mining Home & Garden Health Dining/Entertainment Education Real Estate Classifieds Ad Directory Business Directory For more community-driven stories, visit our archive. 2017-03-24 / Today's News Tweet Print Majors that might help you get hired after college As the cost of college tuition continues to rise and the job market grows increasingly competitive, students are giving greater consideration to their prospects of being hired before choosing a major. A 2015 study commissioned by the National Association of Colleges and Employers asked 201 employers, including companies like Aetna, Macy's and Procter & Gamble, which degrees are most in demand, even distinguishing between the most in demand bachelor's degrees, master's degrees and doctorates. MOST IN DEMAND BACHELOR'S DEGREES: 1. Accounting 2. Computer science 3. Finance 4. Business administration/ management 5. Mechanical engineering MOST IN DEMAND MASTER'S DEGREES: 1. Computer science 2. Electrical engineering 3. Mechanical engineering 4. Information sciences and systems 5. Business administration MOST IN DEMAND DOCTORATE DEGREES: 1. Electrical engineering 2. Computer science 3. Software engineering 4. Computer engineering 5. Mechanical engineering Return to top Login or register to post comments Comment on this article Special Sections Click here for digital edition Real Estate Magazine   Submit an event Click here to view full calendar REAL ESTATE JOBS STUFF NOTICES PETS RECREATION WHEELS Place a FREE Classified MoeZone puzzles Follow @hometownfocus on Instagram. Newspaper web site content management software and services Hometown Focus is a community newspaper located in Virginia, Minnesota. If you have any problems, questions, or comments regarding www.Hometownfocus.us, please contact our Webmaster. For all other comments, please see our contact section to send feedback to customerservice@hometownfocus.us. Users of this site agree to our Terms and Conditions. Copyright © 2007—2017 Hometown Media Partners LLC. Hometown Focus | 401 6th Avenue North, Suite 1111 | Virginia, MN 55792 | Phone: 218.741.0106 | Fax: 218.741.0108 Weekly Ads  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Cosmeceuticals Market Products and Applications 2017-2022 The Global Cosmeceuticals Market is valued at USD 478.9 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach a value of USD 734.47 billion by the end of 2022, growing at a projected CAGR of 23.47% during the forecast period of 2017 – 2022. Cosmeceuticals is the fastest growing segment of Cosmetics and Personal Care industry and is seen as a convergence of personal care and pharmaceutical sectors. The Cosmeceuticals can be purchased over the counter without prescription.   Enquire about Cosmeceuticals Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/217209 The growing demand from the baby boomer generation and increasing middle age population globally is driving the medicated cosmetics market and hence fuelling the demand for natural active ingredients. The urban population is looking for hair care and skin care solutions based on personal needs and type. These consumers with high disposable incomes and awareness owing to mass media advertisements is willing to pay for the beneficial products. Also, consumer’s safety concerns regarding the products is driving the usage of natural plant stem cells in the Cosmeceuticals.   Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-cosmeceuticals-market-by-geography-trends-forecast-2017-2022   The major product applications of cosmeceuticals are in skin care, hair care, injectable, tooth whitening, Lip care and other products. Skin care and hair care take up the largest market share, with anti- ageing products dominating the shelf space. The global skincare market has reached a value of $96.5 billion in 2013 while hair care recorded approximately US $825 million in 2013. The market is expected to observe growth especially in anti-aging skin care and scalp care segments. The hair care category is in particular seeing growing demand for hair fall and anti-dandruff with active ingredients labels. This can be attributed to changing lifestyle patterns globally resulting in reducing nutrition content and growing atmospheric pollution levels. There is also a growing market for Injectable due to their varied advantages on skin including wrinkle reducers, weight treatments etc. The most popular category is botulism based products in Injectable category. The Cosmeceuticals use active ingredients which include Anti-oxidants, Peptides and Proteins, Exfoliates, Retinoid, Moisturizers, Botanicals and others. Cosmeceuticals formulations using these ingredients have therapeutic components for treating various conditions like aged skin, psoriasis, skin lightening, sunburns, skin irritation, and hyper pigmentation, chapped lips, tooth whitening etc.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/217209   The Cosmeceuticals markets in the U.S., the U.K., France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Japan were worth around $35 billion collectively in 2013.United States alone accounted value around $8 billion in 2013 while in Europe the sales recorded nearly US $ 5.0 billion in 2013. Asia-Pacific Cosmeceuticals market contributes nearly 63.1% to the global market. For the Cosmeceuticals market in Asia-Pacific region, Japan contributed the major share and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 8.1% during the forecast period, followed by China. The Cosmeceuticals market is seeing growth in revenues coming from BRIC countries, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore, Middle East and Australia. In India the Skin care market sees an inflated growth in the fairness products category among and men and women in both urban and rural areas. In India, the medicated cosmetics industry is expected to grow at a stupendous compound annual growth rate of 10.9%. The projected double digit growth in the skin care Cosmeceuticals market in Emerging economies is encouraging vendors to develop high end and high quality products. The leading players in the Cosmeceuticals market are Procter and Gamble, L’Oreal, Unilever, Bejersdorf with their respective brands such as Olay, L’Oreal, Garnier and Nivea. Cosmeceuticals companies are seeing competition from private labels of dermatologists, from natural and organic ingredients, and other alternative options taking up the market share of the Cosmeceuticals market. Companies have opportunity to inculcate organic and natural ingredients in Cosmeceuticals as there is growing consumer awareness on carcinogenic abilities of products .As the Cosmeceuticals are not positioned either under cosmetics or the pharmaceuticals, they are not regulated by the FDA and FTC monitors only the advertising statements for impossible claims by products. This is a major constraint as this gives scope for growth of fake products in the market, causing skin and hair damage. In this report we offer, Market Definition for the specified topic along with identification of key drivers and restraints for the market. Market analysis for the Global cosmeceuticals market, with region specific assessments and competition analysis on a global and regional scale. Identification of factors instrumental in changing the market scenarios, rising opportunities and global consumer trends. Extensively researched competitive landscape section with profiles of major companies along with their share of markets. Identification and analysis of the Macro and Micro factors that affect the Global cosmeceuticals market on both global and regional scale. A comprehensive list of key market players along with the analysis of their current strategic interests and key financial information. Why should you buy this report? For getting a comprehensive overview of the Global cosmeceuticals market. To gain wide-ranging information about the major players in this industry and the strategies adopted by them. To gain an insight about the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and also identify the regions, which are untapped. Table of Content: INTRODUCTION 1.1 Research Methodology 1.2 Definition of the Market 1.3 Report Description   KEY FINDINGS OF THE STUDY   MARKET OVERVIEW 3.1 Introduction   MARKET DYNAMICS 4.1 Drivers 4.1.1 Ageing population and Increasing consumer awareness 4.1.2 Technological Advancements – Plant stem cells 4.1.3 Rising disposable income for personal care products 4.1.4 Market potential in the Asian and BRIC countries 4.2 Constraints 4.2.1 Unregulated Market 4.2.2 Spurious Products 4.3 Opportunities 4.3.1 Increase Middle age population 4.3.2 Evolution of New Active Ingredients 4.3.3 Demand for natural and Organic Ingredients   MARKET SEGMENTATION 5.1 By Product Type 5.1.1 Skin Care 5.1.1.1 Anti Ageing 5.1.1.2 Anti Acne 5.1.1.3 Sun protection 5.1.1.4 Moisturizers 5.1.1.5 Other products 5.1.2 Hair Care 5.1.2.1 Hair fall 5.1.2.2 Anti Dandruff 5.1.2.3 Hair colorants and Dyes 5.1.2.4 Others 5.1.3 Injectables 5.1.3.1 Botulinum Toxin-Based Injectable Cosmeceutical 5.1.3.2 Dermal fillers 5.1.4 Lip Care 5.1.5 Tooth Whitening 5.2 By Active Ingredients Type 5.2.1 Anti-Oxidants 5.2.2 Botanicals 5.2.3 Peptides & Proteins 5.2.4 Exfoliants 5.2.5 Moisturizer 5.2.6 Retinoids 5.2.7 Other 5.3 By Geography 5.3.1 North America 5.3.1.1 U.S. 5.3.1.2 Canada 5.3.1.3 Mexico 5.3.1.4 Others 5.3.2 Europe 5.3.2.1 Spain 5.3.2.2 U.K. 5.3.2.3 France 5.3.2.4 Germany 5.3.2.5 Russia 5.3.2.6 Italy 5.3.2.7 Others   Competitive Landscape 6.1 Mergers & Acquisitions 6.2 Joint Ventures 6.3 New Product Launches 6.4 Most active companies in the past five years 6.5 Market Share Analysis   Company Profiles 7.1 Procter and Gamble 7.2 Johnson and Johnson 7.3 L’oreal 7.4 Avon 7.5 Allergan 7.6 Croda International Plc 7.7 Sabinsa 7.8 Bayer 7.9 Unilever 7.10 Clarins 7.11 Shiseido   Appendix 8.1 Abbrevations 8.2 Sources 8.3 Bibliography 8.4 Disclaimer     About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Consumer, Cosmeceuticals, Cosmeceuticals Industry, Cosmeceuticals Market, Electronics, Geography, Google News, Industry, Lifestyle, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, private, Property, satPRnews, section, Services, Space Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Phoenix Rising FC March 25 Home Opener is SOLD OUT Next PostNext Chocolate Syrup Market Poised for Steady Growth in the Future Posted on 24 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Cosmeceuticals Market Products and Applications 2017-2022 The Global Cosmeceuticals Market is valued at USD 478.9 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach a value of USD 734.47 billion by the end of 2022, growing at a projected CAGR of 23.47% during the forecast period of 2017 – 2022. Cosmeceuticals is the fastest growing segment of Cosmetics and Personal Care industry and is seen as a convergence of personal care and pharmaceutical sectors. The Cosmeceuticals can be purchased over the counter without prescription.   Enquire about Cosmeceuticals Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/217209 The growing demand from the baby boomer generation and increasing middle age population globally is driving the medicated cosmetics market and hence fuelling the demand for natural active ingredients. The urban population is looking for hair care and skin care solutions based on personal needs and type. These consumers with high disposable incomes and awareness owing to mass media advertisements is willing to pay for the beneficial products. Also, consumer’s safety concerns regarding the products is driving the usage of natural plant stem cells in the Cosmeceuticals.   Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-cosmeceuticals-market-by-geography-trends-forecast-2017-2022   The major product applications of cosmeceuticals are in skin care, hair care, injectable, tooth whitening, Lip care and other products. Skin care and hair care take up the largest market share, with anti- ageing products dominating the shelf space. The global skincare market has reached a value of $96.5 billion in 2013 while hair care recorded approximately US $825 million in 2013. The market is expected to observe growth especially in anti-aging skin care and scalp care segments. The hair care category is in particular seeing growing demand for hair fall and anti-dandruff with active ingredients labels. This can be attributed to changing lifestyle patterns globally resulting in reducing nutrition content and growing atmospheric pollution levels. There is also a growing market for Injectable due to their varied advantages on skin including wrinkle reducers, weight treatments etc. The most popular category is botulism based products in Injectable category. The Cosmeceuticals use active ingredients which include Anti-oxidants, Peptides and Proteins, Exfoliates, Retinoid, Moisturizers, Botanicals and others. Cosmeceuticals formulations using these ingredients have therapeutic components for treating various conditions like aged skin, psoriasis, skin lightening, sunburns, skin irritation, and hyper pigmentation, chapped lips, tooth whitening etc.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/217209   The Cosmeceuticals markets in the U.S., the U.K., France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Japan were worth around $35 billion collectively in 2013.United States alone accounted value around $8 billion in 2013 while in Europe the sales recorded nearly US $ 5.0 billion in 2013. Asia-Pacific Cosmeceuticals market contributes nearly 63.1% to the global market. For the Cosmeceuticals market in Asia-Pacific region, Japan contributed the major share and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 8.1% during the forecast period, followed by China. The Cosmeceuticals market is seeing growth in revenues coming from BRIC countries, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore, Middle East and Australia. In India the Skin care market sees an inflated growth in the fairness products category among and men and women in both urban and rural areas. In India, the medicated cosmetics industry is expected to grow at a stupendous compound annual growth rate of 10.9%. The projected double digit growth in the skin care Cosmeceuticals market in Emerging economies is encouraging vendors to develop high end and high quality products. The leading players in the Cosmeceuticals market are Procter and Gamble, L’Oreal, Unilever, Bejersdorf with their respective brands such as Olay, L’Oreal, Garnier and Nivea. Cosmeceuticals companies are seeing competition from private labels of dermatologists, from natural and organic ingredients, and other alternative options taking up the market share of the Cosmeceuticals market. Companies have opportunity to inculcate organic and natural ingredients in Cosmeceuticals as there is growing consumer awareness on carcinogenic abilities of products .As the Cosmeceuticals are not positioned either under cosmetics or the pharmaceuticals, they are not regulated by the FDA and FTC monitors only the advertising statements for impossible claims by products. This is a major constraint as this gives scope for growth of fake products in the market, causing skin and hair damage. In this report we offer, Market Definition for the specified topic along with identification of key drivers and restraints for the market. Market analysis for the Global cosmeceuticals market, with region specific assessments and competition analysis on a global and regional scale. Identification of factors instrumental in changing the market scenarios, rising opportunities and global consumer trends. Extensively researched competitive landscape section with profiles of major companies along with their share of markets. Identification and analysis of the Macro and Micro factors that affect the Global cosmeceuticals market on both global and regional scale. A comprehensive list of key market players along with the analysis of their current strategic interests and key financial information. Why should you buy this report? For getting a comprehensive overview of the Global cosmeceuticals market. To gain wide-ranging information about the major players in this industry and the strategies adopted by them. To gain an insight about the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and also identify the regions, which are untapped. Table of Content: INTRODUCTION 1.1 Research Methodology 1.2 Definition of the Market 1.3 Report Description   KEY FINDINGS OF THE STUDY   MARKET OVERVIEW 3.1 Introduction   MARKET DYNAMICS 4.1 Drivers 4.1.1 Ageing population and Increasing consumer awareness 4.1.2 Technological Advancements – Plant stem cells 4.1.3 Rising disposable income for personal care products 4.1.4 Market potential in the Asian and BRIC countries 4.2 Constraints 4.2.1 Unregulated Market 4.2.2 Spurious Products 4.3 Opportunities 4.3.1 Increase Middle age population 4.3.2 Evolution of New Active Ingredients 4.3.3 Demand for natural and Organic Ingredients   MARKET SEGMENTATION 5.1 By Product Type 5.1.1 Skin Care 5.1.1.1 Anti Ageing 5.1.1.2 Anti Acne 5.1.1.3 Sun protection 5.1.1.4 Moisturizers 5.1.1.5 Other products 5.1.2 Hair Care 5.1.2.1 Hair fall 5.1.2.2 Anti Dandruff 5.1.2.3 Hair colorants and Dyes 5.1.2.4 Others 5.1.3 Injectables 5.1.3.1 Botulinum Toxin-Based Injectable Cosmeceutical 5.1.3.2 Dermal fillers 5.1.4 Lip Care 5.1.5 Tooth Whitening 5.2 By Active Ingredients Type 5.2.1 Anti-Oxidants 5.2.2 Botanicals 5.2.3 Peptides & Proteins 5.2.4 Exfoliants 5.2.5 Moisturizer 5.2.6 Retinoids 5.2.7 Other 5.3 By Geography 5.3.1 North America 5.3.1.1 U.S. 5.3.1.2 Canada 5.3.1.3 Mexico 5.3.1.4 Others 5.3.2 Europe 5.3.2.1 Spain 5.3.2.2 U.K. 5.3.2.3 France 5.3.2.4 Germany 5.3.2.5 Russia 5.3.2.6 Italy 5.3.2.7 Others   Competitive Landscape 6.1 Mergers & Acquisitions 6.2 Joint Ventures 6.3 New Product Launches 6.4 Most active companies in the past five years 6.5 Market Share Analysis   Company Profiles 7.1 Procter and Gamble 7.2 Johnson and Johnson 7.3 L’oreal 7.4 Avon 7.5 Allergan 7.6 Croda International Plc 7.7 Sabinsa 7.8 Bayer 7.9 Unilever 7.10 Clarins 7.11 Shiseido   Appendix 8.1 Abbrevations 8.2 Sources 8.3 Bibliography 8.4 Disclaimer     About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Consumer, Cosmeceuticals, Cosmeceuticals Industry, Cosmeceuticals Market, Electronics, Geography, Google News, Industry, Lifestyle, Machinery, major, Manufacturing and Construction, Markets, private, Property, satPRnews, section, Services, Space Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Phoenix Rising FC March 25 Home Opener is SOLD OUT Next PostNext Chocolate Syrup Market Poised for Steady Growth in the Future Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 March 2017 by Military News Saudi Women Cosmetics Market to Grow at 11% Till 2022: TechSci Research Report Aggressive advertising coupled with increasing disposable income, growing youth population and expanding retail network to drive Saudi Arabia women cosmetics market by 2022. New York, NY, March 23, 2017 –(PR.com)– According to a TechSci Research report, “Saudi Arabia Women Cosmetics Market, By Type, By Point of Sale, By Age Group, By Halal Vs. Conventional, By Organized Vs. Unorganized, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2012 – 2022,” the market of women cosmetics in Saudi Arabia is projected to grow at a CAGR of over 11% during 2017 – 2022. Growth in the market is anticipated on account of increasing per capita income, growing inclination of Saudi Arabian women towards cosmetics products coupled with surging desire among women for trying new innovative products in order to maintain their youthful look. Moreover, widening distribution retail network coupled with increasing visibility as well as accessibility to conventional and halal cosmetics through exclusive outlets, retail showrooms and online channels is expected to aid the country’s women cosmetics market during forecast period. Browse 2 market data Tables and 29 Figures spread through 93 Pages and an in-depth TOC on „Saudi Arabia Women Cosmetics Market” https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/saudi-arabia-women-cosmetics-market-by-type-skin-care-color-cosmetics-fragrances-others-by-point-of-sale-online-exclusive-showrooms-etc-by-age-group-by-halal-vs-conventional-by-organized-vs-unorganized-competition-forecast-opportunities/919.html Saudi Arabia women cosmetics market is an emerging market with high growth potential. Continuous product innovations, growing awareness and rising trend of online shopping are expected to aid the country’s women cosmetics market during forecast period. According to the World Bank, the percentage of women in the country’s total workforce was 15.23% in 2014. With favorable government initiatives and growing trend of workplace gender equality, the percentage of employed women in the country is expected to increase further in the coming years, thereby boosting the demand for women cosmetics in Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia women cosmetics market has been broadly segmented into four categories, namely, fragrances, skin care, color cosmetics and others. Among these categories, fragrances segment dominated the market of women cosmetics in Saudi Arabia in 2016, and the segment is expected to maintain its dominance over the next five years as well, owing to growing trend of personal grooming in the country. Some of the major companies operating in Saudi Arabia women cosmetics market are Unilever, Procter & Gamble, L’oreal Groupe, LVMH Moet Hennessy, and Beiersdorf AG, among others. “In addition to conventional cosmetics, halal cosmetics, which are free from animal blood, pork and alcoholic content, are in huge demand among Saudi Arabian women, and the same trend is expected to continue over the next five years as well. High disposable income and changing lifestyle pattern among women is anticipated to intensify the opportunities for women’s cosmetic players operating in the country,” said Mr. Karan Chechi, Research Director with TechSci Research, a research based global management consulting firm. “Saudi Arabia Women Cosmetics Market, By Type, By Point of Sale, By Age Group, By Halal Vs. Conventional, By Organized Vs. Unorganized, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2012 – 2022” has evaluated the future growth potential of Saudi Arabia women cosmetics market and provides statistics and information on market size, structure and future market growth. The report intends to provide cutting-edge market intelligence and help decision makers take sound investment evaluation. Besides, the report also identifies and analyzes the emerging trends along with essential drivers, challenges and opportunities in Saudi Arabia women cosmetics market. About TechSci Research TechSci Research is a leading global market research firm publishing premium market research reports. Serving 700 global clients with more than 600 premium market research studies, TechSci Research is serving clients across 11 different industrial verticals. TechSci Research specializes in research based consulting assignments in high growth and emerging markets, leading technologies and niche applications. Our workforce of more than 100 fulltime Analysts and Consultants employing innovative research solutions and tracking global and country specific high growth markets helps TechSci clients to lead rather than follow market trends. Contact Mr. Ken Mathews 708 Third Avenue, Manhattan, NY, New York – 10017 Tel: +1-646-360-1656 Email: sales@techsciresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, intelligence, Lifestyle, major, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious American Housing Income Trust Announces Termination of Offering Next PostNext Poland Tire Market Forecast to Surpass $2.7 Billion Sales by 2021: TechSci Research Report Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 20596.72 -0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2343.98 -0.08%   Nasdaq ▲ 5828.74 0.19%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.413%   Crude Oil ▲ 48.14 0.92%   Euro ▲ 1.0799 0.15%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Apple Bites Back With iPhone Court Win in China Uber Suspends Self-Driving Vehicle Program Keywords The High-Speed Trading Behind Your Amazon Purchase YouTube Is Still Showing Ads With Objectionable Video, Ensnaring Brands Netflix: The Monster That’s Eating Hollywood Samsung’s Restructuring Plan Faces Challenges There’s Money in Faxes—for Plaintiffs Theranos Offers Shares for Promise Not to Sue the Company New WikiLeaks Documents Describe Alleged Mac, iPhone Hacking Tools Amazon Defeats IRS in Tax-Court Case GameStop Closing at Least 150 Stores Amid Sales Decline Microsoft Licenses Patents to Toyota In Bid For Bigger Car-Tech Role Game Publisher Tencent Warns of Risks Even as Profit Jumps U.S. Lawmakers Complain About China’s Cloud Computing Restrictions LinkedIn Wants to Hook Users With ‘Trending Storylines’ Embattled Uber Promises Changes in Corporate Culture Publicis and Microsoft Link Up Products for Data Push IPG Creates New Role For Arun Kumar in Data Push Apple Offers a New, Lower-Priced iPad and a Red iPhone 7 Microsoft Modifies Windows 10 for China’s Government Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Google’s YouTube Has Continued Showing Brands’ Ads With Racist and Other Objectionable Videos PepsiCo, Wal-Mart, Dish Network say they are suspending Google non-search ads By Jack Nicas Jack Nicas The Wall Street Journal BiographyJack Nicas @jacknicas jnicas Google+ Jack.Nicas@dowjones.com Updated March 24, 2017 5:17 p.m. ET A week after Google apologized for running customers’ advertisements alongside objectionable videos, triggering a change in policy, its YouTube site is still rife with examples that are angering big advertisers and causing some to cut spending with the tech giant. Google’s automated system placed ads for some of the world’s biggest brands—including Coca-Cola Co., Procter & Gamble, Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft Corp.—on five... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos U.S. Coalition Investigating Civilian Deaths in Mosul WSJ Exclusive: Ex-CIA Head Woolsey on Flynn, Covert Plan Inside New York’s Billionaire Buildings How the GOP Health-Care Bill Failed How Millennials Get Trapped by a Robust Stock Market Most Popular Articles Twilight of the Rock Gods Flynn Said to Discuss With Turkey Removing Erdogan Foe From U.S. With GOP Plan Dead, Trump Weighs Other Ways to Reshape Health Care Opinion: A President’s Credibility Uber Suspends Self-Driving Vehicle Program Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos U.S. Coalition Investigating Civilian Deaths in Mosul WSJ Exclusive: Ex-CIA Head Woolsey on Flynn, Covert Plan Inside New York’s Billionaire Buildings How the GOP Health-Care Bill Failed How Millennials Get Trapped by a Robust Stock Market Most Popular Articles Twilight of the Rock Gods Flynn Said to Discuss With Turkey Removing Erdogan Foe From U.S. With GOP Plan Dead, Trump Weighs Other Ways to Reshape Health Care Opinion: A President’s Credibility Uber Suspends Self-Driving Vehicle Program Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Global Pet Food Market Will Increase by 3.36% Annually Till 2022 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 03/24/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Pet Food Market (Wet Food, Dry Food, Nutrition, Snacks and Others) for Cats, Dogs and Other Animals: U.S Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2016 – 2022″. According to the report, U.S. pet food market was valued at over USD 24.60 billion in 2016, is expected to reach above USD 30.01 billion in 2022 and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of slightly above 3.36% between 2017 and 2022. Request Free Sample Research Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/pet-food-market Pet food is convenient to use and is extremely loved by the pets owing to great taste and huge meat content. Pet food is available in various forms such as dry, wet, snacks and nutritious which offers variety for the pet owners. Typically sold in pet stores and supermarkets, it is usually specific to the type of animal, such as dog food or cat food. Most meat used for nonhuman animals is a byproduct of the human food industry. The sharp rise in pet humanization and concerns along with increasing disposable income is expected to fuel the growth of the pet food market in near future. Reluctance for daily cooking in the majority of the U.S populace is likely to urge the market growth in coming years. Availability of different pet food products in the market may impel the growth of the market in the forecast period. Growing occurrence of obese pets had regulated various laws for nutrition content of the pet food which may obstruct the growth of the pet food market in coming years. Nevertheless, the introduction of high nutritious value food is expected to endow the pet food market with ample opportunities in the forecast period. Inquire more about this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/pet-food-market Some of the major pet food products include dry food, wet food, nutrition food, snacks and others. Dry food held the major slice of the pie in 2015 and is likely to clutch the market in the coming years. Dry food encompasses longer shelf life as compared to wet food coupled with ease of storage. Yet, nutrition food is likely to uphold the pet food market in the near future owing to growing anxiety for pet’ health. Dogs, cats, and others are the major end users for the pet food market. The other segment includes birds and fish. Dogs segment dominated the market owing to the majority of the pet food are consumed by dogs. Cats segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment owing to growing affection towards cats. In the pet food market, U.S was the highest revenue generating region across the globe in 2015. It was noted that around 60 % of houses possess pets in U.S which in turn drives the pet food market. U.S ranked first in the pet population across the globe in 2015, this may impetus on the growth of the pet food market in upcoming years. Moreover, the growing concern for pet’s health has resulted in high expenditure on pets in the U.S. This trend is expected to drive the pet food market in this region. Increasing vogue for different pets may persuade the pet food market growth in coming years. Increasing disposable income is anticipated to trigger the growth of pet food market in this region in the coming years. Some of the global major players in the pet food are Mars Petcare Inc., Big Heart Pet Brands, P&G PetCare, Nestle Purina PetCare, Hill’s Pet Nutrition, Diamond Pet Foods, Deuerer, Blue Buffalo, WellPet and Heristo AG. Mars and Nestle are the major contributors bolstering the growth of the pet food market in U.S. Browse detail report with in-depth TOC @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/pet-food-market This report segments the global pet food market as follows: Pet Food Market: Product Analysis Dry food Wet food Nutrition food Snacks Others Pet Food Market: End Users Analysis Dogs Cats Others Request a customized copy of report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/custom/221 CategoriesUncategorized TagsFood and Beverage, Health, Industry, major, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious $2457.0 Bn for Global Kombucha Market by 2022 Next PostNext Annual 7.2% Growth Expected for Global Palm Oil Market by 2022 Search Recent Posts Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) dichiara un dividendo di 250 milioni di dollari e apporta piccoli cambiamenti al suo piano di rating e premi External Remote Patient Monitoring Devices Market Well Prepared To Meet Futuristic Demands Of Healthcare At Home – MarketIntelReports Oil Insurance Limited (OIL) déclare un dividende de 250 millions USD et apporte des modifications mineures à son plan de notation et de primes Intermittent Catheters Market Planning To Make The Most Of The Cost-Effectiveness Provided By Hydrophilic Coated Models – MarketIntelReports The First Group Showcases Unparalleled Opportunities in Dubai’s Booming Property Sector to Chinese Investors Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Policy LATEST NEWS Never compromised my principles, says L K Advani Centre constantly undermining Parliament, says Sitaram Yechury Tell Sri Lanka to stop nabbing fishermen: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister K Palaniswami to PM India doesn't impose its views on anyone: PM Narendra Modi No idea of introducing new denomination notes at present: RBI Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar announces sops for traders Terrorism has thrown a big challenge to humanity: Narendra Modi Pollution, climate change affecting everyone: Rajnath Singh Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnology Defence Analysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumET 2Good 4GoodCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy ET Home›News›Economy›Policy 04:05 PM | 24 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,42189.24 NIFTY 50 9,10821.70 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,8000.0 USD/INR 65.41-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW GST debate now continues on categorisation of products By Sachin Dave, ET Bureau | Mar 25, 2017, 02.47 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » product | Nestle | GST Rates | GST classifications | GST | Finance Ministry Hundreds of crores of rupees in the form of taxes ride on the exact categorisation of products. Company Summary NSE BSE Nestle Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 MUMBAI: Is Parachute hair oil or edible oil? Is KitKat a chocolate or a biscuit? Is a Vicks tablet medicament or confectionery? For the taxpayer and the tax collector, this is much more than an exercise in semantics — hundreds of crores of rupees ride on the exact categorisation. As the government moves closer to rolling out the goods and services tax (GST) on July 1, many such distinctions are being debated so that no ambiguity remains. Not just that, the government is revisiting old tax cases that were lost over product categorisation, according to people with knowledge of the matter, presumably with a view to making sure that revenue collections can be maximised. "In the past, several tax officers had challenged some of the product categorisations, including those in the retail segment, but lost out in court or at appellate level," said one of the persons. "Now we have a chance to go ahead with specifying the products in a way based on the old cases so that similar situations don't arise." It is understood that the product categorisation exercise, which was expected to have been completed last year, is taking much longer because of this process. The rates have already been decided — nil, 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent —but product categorisation is yet to be finalised. "The GST rates for each and every item are not yet decided as the government is categorising products and what rates can be applied on each category of goods," said MS Mani, senior director, Deloitte Haskins &Sells. "There is a chance that some of the old issues raised by the tax department regarding category of certain goods may come back to haunt some companies or products as GST is a new law and can redefine rates and what goods would fall under its preview." Some states have also raised issues on this front, Kerala being a case in point. During a recent closed-door meeting on product categorisation, finance minister TM Thomas Isaac brought up a point highly pertinent to people of that state. Coconut oil shouldn't be categorised as hair oil but as edible oil, he is reported to have said. The reason? Edible oil and hair oil are taxed differently as the latter is not an essential commodity. But coconut oil is an essential ingredient of Kerala cuisine, making its categorisation a matter of keen public interest for the state's people. Key past cases are being researched by the GST committee before it decides on the exact tax rates for each category, said the people cited above. This could mean disputes that many companies thought had been resolved coming back to life. Whether such moves will be challenged or not by the companies is yet to be seen. However, experts said this may be difficult since GST is a new tax regime altogether and old rulings may not have the force of precedent. Some of the old cases being examined involve Marico, P&G, Nestle, Paras Pharmaceuticals and Dabur, according to the people with knowledge of the matter. For the record: KitKat is a biscuit and Vicks a medicament. In the KitKat case -- Nestle (India) Ltd v/s Commissioner of Central Excise, Mumbai, 1999 -- it was ruled that the product was a biscuit and not a chocolate, which is taxed at a higher rate. Meanwhile, companies are lobbying the government to categorise biscuits as essential products under GST, which would mean their being taxed at a lower 5 per cent. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Check Out These Top Crossover SUVs New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Vikings: The Strategy Game Phenomenon of 2017 Vikings: Free Online Game Search For Any High School Yearbook, It's Free ClassmatesMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Quiz Your Knowledge: 12 Insomnia Questions WebMD Top Business Phone Offers You Shouldn't Pass Up. Business Phone Offers Meet the Easiest Way for Online Shoppers to Get Unbelievab.. Tophatter Here's Why This Company is the "Apple of Underwear"... The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage UK Parliament terror attack: What we know so far What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Miss Universe: Miss France Iris Mittenaere Wins Crown READ MORE ON » product | Nestle | GST Rates | GST classifications | GST | Finance Ministry To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented They offered struggling Arvind Kejriwal accommodation, AAP pays back with tickets Despite all the fuss, Yogi Adityanath's Gorakhpur is no case study of polarisation Tamil Nadu man deposits Rs 246 crore in account, will pay 45% of it as tax Data suggests Congress under Rahul Gandhi not doing as badly as it seems View: Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / By FMI Professional Hair Care Products Market Intelligence Report Offers Value Prospects 2014-2020 By FMI Professional Hair Care Products Market Intelligence Report Offers Value Prospects 2014-2020 Posted on March 24, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the “Professional Hair Care Products Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2014 – 2020” report to their offering. Valley Cottage, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/24/2017 — Beauty and personal care industry includes skin care, hair care, oral care, cosmetics, toiletries, and others. Of all the aforementioned segments, demand for hair care products has restored from 2013. Consumers are becoming sophisticated in nature which has led to change in buying patterns for personal care products. This has led to introduction of customized products sustaining the assorted need of the consumers based on different cultures, hair types, and regions. Also, rising concerns for hair protection, demand for professional hair care products is expected to increase in the next five to six years. Professional hair care products are predicted to record a growth of around 5% to 6% annually in the near future. Factors such as hair stylist recommendations, efficacy of the products, and increasing penetration of hair care services are expected to bolster the professional hair care products market growth in near future. The professional hair care market is expected to witness growth due to factors such as increased consumer spending on personal care products, growing disposable income of consumers in emerging nations, and increasing penetration of hair salon services across the globe. In addition, changing hair grooming pattern especially among the male consumers is expected to fuel the market growth. However, high pricing coupled with less availability of professional hair care products across the designed distribution channels are restricting the market growth. Although, the professional hair care products market has attained a maturity level in developed countries, introduction of highly specialized products in shampoo and hair colorant category is anticipated to enhance the market growth. Also, in developing countries introduction of products addressing issues of consumers related to grey hair, dandruff and hair loss are expected to fuel the market growth. For instance, in India inclination of consumers towards enhanced hair appearance is a key trend leading to a shift in consumers from conventional products to professional hair care products. Furthermore, increasing product visibility across multi retail outlets aids the market growth during 2015-2020. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-207 The professional hair care products market is segmented on the basis of product type, and distribution channels. The various professional hair care products are broadly classified as conditioners, shampoos, hair colorants, hair serums, hair masks, hair sprays, and others. Among above mentioned products, the hair colorants category is expected to witness a growth of around 8% to 9% as compared to the other products. The various distribution channels through which the professional hair care products are marketed include spa and salons, web or online shopping stores, supermarkets and hypermarkets, speciality stores, and others. North America is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period, accounting for more than 30% of the market share by 2020. However, Asia pacific is expected to record highest CAGR as compared to other regions. Changing consumer buying patterns supported by increasing disposable income and spending on personal care products in countries such as India and China is driving the growth of professional hair care products in this region. Furthermore, growth of organized retail industry is expected to enhance the demand for professional hair care products in MEA. Request For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-207 Some of the major international players in this market include L'oreal Group, Kao Group, Henkel AG & Co., Aveda Corporation, Procter & Gamble Co., Unilever Group, and PBI Group Inc., among the others. As a strategic move to enhance the product visibility, these companies are focused on increasing product penetration through online retailing, and creating awareness for hair care products through advertisements. In addition, high promotional activities such as increasing television commercials, value added packages in the hair care products range, and other offers has led to increased purchase of hair care products across the globe. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/by-fmi-professional-hair-care-products-market-intelligence-report-offers-value-prospects-2014-2020-786625.htm Media Relations Contact Abhishek Budholiya Future Market insights Telephone: 347-918-3531 Email: Click to Email Abhishek Budholiya Web: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/global-professional-hair-care-products-market Latest News Global Glaucoma Therapeutics Market 2017: Allergan, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Santen Pharmaceuticals Lingerie Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Global Filter Media Industry 2017 Market Applications, Types, Production, Solutions & Analysis : Fluval, HYDOR, Halton, Aquael Global Glass Processing Equipment Market 2017: Lisec, Benteler, Glaston, Bystronic, Bottero, Leybold Global Digital English Language Learning Industry 2017 Market Trends, Key Services & Opportunities : Babbel, Exceller, FluentlQ Eddy Current Testing Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 By FMI Professional Hair Care Products Market Intelligence Report Offers Value Prospects 2014-2020 Antimicrobial Packaging Global Market Industry Analysis and Industry Report 2016 – 2024 Global Air Conditioning Systems Market Regulations and Competitive Landscape Outlook 2014- 2020 by FMI Global Marketing Analytics Software Industry 2017 Market Solutions, Business Revenues & Investments : MaxStat, Alteryx, Kovach © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News featured Innovators of Industry +3 By Bobbie Hayse Messenger-Inquirer 6 hrs ago 0 Cash Daymar settlement checks by Tuesday Teacher named to state council Hartford preparing for summer alcohol sales Consider improvements for cooling bill savings The outsider dealmaker faltering Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness National Sports Dorsey, Ducks eliminate Kansas By DAVE SKRETTA AP Sports Writer 4 hrs ago 0 Florida State women brings its defense to defeat Oregon State Battle of Bluebloods Cats need best game of season today vs. Tar Heels Tar Heels will keep a close eye on Monk Gonzaga finally punches ticket to Final Four Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Perspective If the lips are movin', the lies are still comin' By Keith Lawrence Messenger-Inquirer 3 hrs ago 0 Business Licenses: Sunday, March 26, 2017 Limo service owner likes to drive Tourism still strong this year Why the dining room is due for a revival A quiet lifeline Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Grand jury indicts burglary suspect By STEPHANIE SALMONS McLean County News Mar 23, 2017 0 Expired Drivers License Grand jury indicts burglary suspect Virginia Louise Wood Senior Menu Sacramento News Close THE WASHINGTON POST J.D. Vance, a California venture capitalist who wrote best-selling memoir “Hillbilly Elegy,” has joined an investment firm to invest in technology companies outside of established urban tech hubs. web only 'Hillbilly Elegy' author and Steve Case join forces to bring tech jobs to the heartland By Aaron Gregg The Washington Post Mar 24, 2017 0 THE WASHINGTON POST J.D. Vance, a California venture capitalist who wrote best-selling memoir “Hillbilly Elegy,” has joined an investment firm to invest in technology companies outside of established urban tech hubs. J.D. Vance, a California venture capitalist who wrote best-selling memoir "Hillbilly Elegy," said Wednesday he has joined Revolution, a D.C. investment firm co-founded by business leaders Steve Case, Ted Leonsis and Donn Davis. Vance plans to scout for promising technology companies as part of Revolution's "Rise of the Rest" campaign, an initiative to invest in promising technology companies outside of established urban tech hubs. He plans to split his time between D.C. and his home in Ohio, while also remaining engaged at Mithril Capital Management, a San Francisco venture capital fund co-founded by Peter Thiel, where he is a principal. "There are a lot of people who are feeling left behind by digitization and we need to address that," Case said when asked why he brought Vance on board. Vance "has a platform, a voice and a ton of credibility." Vance's memoir hit bookstores in the summer of 2016 when the world was just beginning to view Donald Trump as a serious political figure. Few predicted then that the election could be decided by disaffected Rust Belt voters in states such as Ohio, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Vance's book uses his childhood in a rural Ohio town as a flashpoint for the economic and social disconnectedness of America's heartland. He describes how he weathered a difficult upbringing in a now-decrepit steel town before escaping to college at Ohio State. He later graduated from Yale Law School, made a fortune in the biotechnology industry, and became a part of the highly exclusive Silicon Valley venture capital scene that holds tremendous weight in picking winners and losers in today's technology industries. He joins AOL founder Steve Case, who helped build an industry-defining technology company outside of Silicon Valley. Case established AOL in Virginia and helped it grow into one of the pioneering firms of the early Internet. He engineered what turned out to be an ill-fated merger with what was then Time Warner before eventually making his way into the investment world. Case and Vance say they are trying to remedy the gaping inequalities in the economic benefits flowing from emerging technology industries. Part of the problem is that technology investors - who often provide critical fuel for tech companies in their early days - have historically clustered in established urban hubs. As a result, the country's rural areas experience a certain "brain drain" as start-up founders leave in search of funding. "I think there's a lot of energy and a ton of talent, but these regions don't have a lot of access to capital," Vance said Wednesday. Vance says his strategy will not focus on a single technology sector but will instead focus more geographically on untapped regions with promising assets. In his home state of Ohio, for example, Vance says he thinks Cincinnati shows promise as a hub for branding and marketing technology companies, by virtue of their proximity to consumer products giant Procter & Gamble. The problem Case and Vance want to address seems only to be getting worse. A recent Brookings report noted that 86 of the nation's largest 100 metropolitan areas have seen their share of the technology sector shrink since 2010, while San Francisco, San Jose and New York continue to increase their dominance. Case says he's seen some initial progress over the past year but admits they have a long road ahead. "Things are starting to happen, starting to percolate. . . . We're just trying to throw some kerosene on it so it happens faster," Case said. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 57° Overcast Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Limo service owner likes to drive Innovators of Industry Why the dining room is due for a revival A quiet lifeline If the lips are movin', the lies are still comin' Tourism still strong this year Cash Daymar settlement checks by Tuesday Battle of Bluebloods Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Work to resume on water plant Hotel owners reject city offer Police Reports The Most Rev. McRaith dies at 82 Island woman suffers critical injuries in morning crash City plansto buy, demolish Gabe's Tower Police Reports Circuit Court Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented DCHS, CVMS win national archery championships (1) Library board puts brakes on expansion (1) City leaders bearing down on budget process (1) Stand up for Kentucky's public schools (1) KSP charge man with murder in disappearance of Ohio County man (1) Readers Write (1) Bowen's pension transparency bill to go to governor (1) Cars REDUCED '07 Toyota RAV 4 4WD, New battery & tires. Updated 9 hrs ago Ford Fusion 2014 SE Black 30K miles all pwr. Excellent $12,900 Mileage: 30,000 Updated 9 hrs ago Toyota Tacoma 1998 5 spd., 495,000 mi. STILL RUNS & $1,500 Mileage: 495,000 Updated 9 hrs ago Stocks Homes South - 2216 Biscayne Dr. Newly remodeled 3 bdrm. Bathrooms: 1 Updated 9 hrs ago All Areas: *6423 Autumn Valley Trace 3br/2ba, 2 car garage Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2 11 hrs ago West - ONEY'S APARTMENTS 1 & 2 BDRM. Contact 270-683-9731 Jun 6, 2014 Special Sections 3-25-17 AT Home Mar 25, 2017 0 2Q/2017 Mar 24, 2017 0 Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation All About Pets 2017 Feb 26, 2017 0 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. 2016 Reader's Choice Awards Jun 24, 2016 0 The 2016 Reader's Choice Awards and quarterly Owensboro Magazine. Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global FMCG Packaging Market Good Growth Opportunities Till 2020 : FMI Analysis Global FMCG Packaging Market Good Growth Opportunities Till 2020 : FMI Analysis Posted on March 24, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases FMCG Packaging Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2014 – 2020 Research Report By Future Market Insights Valley Cottage, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/24/2017 — Fast-moving consumer goods are the high volume, low priced items that are quickest to leave the supermarket shelves. They include durable and non-durable goods such as cosmetics, toiletries, detergents, batteries, plastic goods, paper products, etc. Packaging is vital to the FMCG market as it is an essential element for proper positioning of the product. Packaging allows effective communication between consumers and brand owners through graphics, colours, images, product information and logos. This serves as an important medium for communication and a tool for companies to distinguish product appearance from that of their rivals. In the fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) sector, packaging plays a key role in affecting consumer choice and thus an important factor in point-of-purchase decisions. Nowadays, the marketing environment has become competitive and complex. This is due to inclusion of modern marketing tools such as packaging, branding and other aspects at a large scale as compared to basic marketing techniques. In order to enhance product visibility in the market, packaging has emerged as a unique tool to create a direct impact on consumer perception about the corresponding product. Factors such as increasing middle-class population in developing countries, changing consumer lifestyles and technological advancements to develop eco-friendly packaged products are expected to drive the demand for FMCG packaging in the near future. Furthermore, changing consumer lifestyles support the demand for varied consumer products which is expected to enhance the growth of this market. This has led to differentiated packaging which indirectly affects manufacturers. However, compliance of stringent environmental regulations related to packaging is a key factor restraining the market growth. Creation of new materials with the help of sustainable packaging to offer efficient designs is a key trend driving the FMCG packaging market. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-110 The FMCG packaging market is segmented on the basis of packaging type and end-user industries. The various types of packaging materials based on the type of product include protective packaging, flexible packaging, paper-based packaging, rigid plastic packaging, custom packaging and others. These packaging materials face challenges due to sourcing based on parameters like health consciousness, mobility and consumerism in pharmaceutical and health products. Shift in global buying patterns of consumers coupled with a surge for value-added products has led to an increase in consumer willingness for premium products. Thus, to target the consumer spending for packaging, companies are focusing on developing attractive packaging products. FMCG packaging serves end-user industries, such as food, beverages, healthcare, cosmetics and others. Among all the end-user industries, the food & beverages sector serves as the largest market for packaging companies to invest in the long run. The demand for packaging in recent years is being recognized across the emerging markets with developed markets retaining their market share with a modest growth. However, demand from emerging markets is expected to record a double-digit growth in the next five to six years. Request For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-110 Packaging in the FMCG sector accounts for a large share in the material cost involved in developing a finished product. Thus companies at a global level are developing innovative packaging solutions to minimize the operational cost. The FMCG packaging market is highly fragmented when analysed from the supply side perspective with less number of companies having a substantial share in the total market. This leads to less entry barriers for new entrants in this market. However, skilled labour, equipment and machinery are identified as barriers for a sustainable growth in the near future. Nestle S.A., Procter & Gamble Company and PepsiCo Inc. are among the leading FMCG companies across the globe. Other prominent players of the FMCG packaging market include Kimberly-Clark, Altria Group, Kraft Foods, Mondel?z International Inc., Philip Morris International Inc., Unilever Group, Amcor Limited and Tetra Pak International. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-fmcg-packaging-market-good-growth-opportunities-till-2020-fmi-analysis-786558.htm Media Relations Contact Abhishek Budholiya Future Market Insights Telephone: 1-347-918-3531 Email: Click to Email Abhishek Budholiya Web: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/global-fmcg-packaging-market Latest News Global Axle & Shaft for Pickup and Trucks Market 2017 – AAM , Neapco ,JTEKT Global Sodium Cyanide Market- Sinopec , DSM , CNPC , Nippon Soda , Unigel Global Auto-Retarctable Safety Syringe Market 2017 – DMC Medical, Q Stat , Medicina Global Inkjet Marking Coding Machines Market- Videojet , Weber Marking , Zanasi , Markem-Imaje Global FMCG Packaging Market Good Growth Opportunities Till 2020 : FMI Analysis Global Amla Extract Market Emerging Opportunities with Current Trends Analysis, 2014 – 2020 Global Underbars Refrigeration Market to Grow at a CAGR of 5.73% During the Period 2017-2021 EntirelyBiz Announces Toshiba TSD Upgrade Program Global Automotive Wheel Bearing Market 2017 – NSK, ILJIN, JTEKT Restore Supports Alcohol Free Weekend © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes The battle for the soul of capitalism explained in one hostile takeover bid Bill George Friday, 24 Mar 2017 | 11:12 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Helen Sloan | HBO Game of Thrones season 6, episode 9 Last month's quickly aborted bid by Kraft Heinz (KHC) to take over Unilever brought into sharp relief the ongoing war between two different philosophies of capitalism. On one side Unilever CEO Paul Polman champions sustainable growth in earnings to raise long-term shareholder value. On the other side KHC and its Brazilian owner 3G advocate maximizing short-term earnings to increase near-term valuation. Long-term investors' perspective CEOs of companies aiming for sustainable growth in shareholder value know they must achieve short-term results while they continue to invest in R&D, capital expenditures, global expansion, and people development to sustain their growth. During economic downturns, this can be a difficult balancing act, but nothing less is required. These long-term value creators use compound growth in revenues, earnings per share, and return on capital invested as measures of longer-term performance. The great value creators of recent decades like Berkshire Hathaway, Johnson & Johnson, and Disney have mastered the ability to achieve these long-term metrics as well as their near-term goals, thereby sustaining growth in shareholder value. But this doesn't protect them from activist investors seeking immediate returns. Traders' perspective Traders seek immediate gains in stock values to demonstrate above market returns to their investors, with little regard to the long-term future of the companies. In recent years, fund managers have shifted their focus to cash flow available for shareholder distribution, either through dividends or repurchase of shares, with growing pressure on companies to increase share buybacks. However, there is scant evidence that buybacks produce sustainable increases in shareholder value. Corporate leaders are thus faced with ongoing tradeoffs between using their cash flow for internal expansion and acquisitions versus increasing dividends and buybacks Latest battle: Anglo-Dutch Unilever versus Brazilian 3G Last month's proposed takeover of London-based Unilever by Brazilian private equity firm 3G provided a real-time example of how these conflicting objectives collide. Unilever's roots date to 1872 with the founding of Margarine Unie and 1885 founding of Lever Brothers. Their 1930 merger as Unilever created the first modern multi-national company with equal roots in Britain and the Netherlands. When Dutchman Paul Polman took the helm in early 2009, he declared bold goals to double Unilever's size from 40 billion Euros to 80 billion by 2020, and generate 70 percent of revenues from emerging markets. "The larger issue at stake here is not just the fate of a single company, but the fate of capitalism itself." Polman has transformed Unilever into a growth-oriented global competitor that has more deeply penetrated emerging markets than any other consumer products company. To date, Unilever has made significant progress toward Polman's goals, with 2016 revenues of 53 billion Euros, including 57 percent from emerging markets. He takes justifiable pride that Unilever has increased its dividends 8 percent per annum for the past 36 years. Polman has used "sustainability" as the company's unifying force, introducing the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan in 2010 with dozens of metrics to measure progress. For his advocacy of environmental sustainability, Polman received the UN's "Champion of the Earth Award." Yet, some investors worry that Polman's commitment of Unilever resources to sustainability is detracting from its financial performance. Unilever's track record attests to Polman's success: in his eight years as CEO, Unilever's revenues have grown 32 percent, averaging 3.8 percent the past four years, making it one of the top performers in consumer products. Its stock price is up 144 percent, with a total return to shareholders of 214 percent. 3G attacks 3G is the brainchild of Jorge Paulo Lemann, a former investment banker who built Brazil's "Goldman Sachs." 3G's playbook is to buy moribund companies in need of shaking up, cut operating expenses 30-40 percent, including longer-term investments, replace the entire management team with hungry young Brazilian managers, and rapidly increase earnings and cash flow. With its aggressive, "take no prisoners" style, 3G uses the cash it generates to pay down debt and buy additional companies. 3G has successfully applied this formula to the retail, beer and fast food industries. In 2013 3G saw the opportunity to shake up old-line food companies whose iconic products were out of favor with Millennials. It purchased Pittsburg-based Heinz with Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway as co-investor, and immediately applied its cost-cutting formula. Initial success led 3G to buy a failing Kraft Foods in 2015 and merge it with Heinz as Kraft Heinz (KHC). Since then, revenues have fallen by 4-5 percent per year, raising questions about whether KHC can sustainably grow earnings without further investment or acquisitions. Most security analysts predicted 3G would tack on additional acquisitions, with food company targets like Mondelez, Campbell Soup or General Mills. Few suspected KHC would attempt to take over a top performer like Unilever, whose business is 60 percent personal care and home care. KHC launched its attack by offering $50 per share, 18 percent above Unilever's stock price. This was equivalent to its price last fall before it fell in sync with the weakening Euro, making KHC's low-ball offer easy for Unilever's board to reject. According to British press reports, KHC's executives were taken aback by the ferocity of CEO Paul Polman's rebuff, along with its cold reception from the British government. "Those of us who believe capitalism is a great long-term value creator must care about the fate of great companies that are role models for the way capitalism should work." Consequently, KHC withdrew its offer just 50 hours after the takeover was launched. Many suspect that Buffett, who has always opposed hostile offers, told Lehman he wasn't willing to fund a war between Unilever and 3G. Although the war ended as quickly as it began, it sent shock waves through Unilever's organization and the British investing community. . . . and Unilever responds In response, Unilever's leaders mobilized, recognizing KHC's offer was "a shot across the bow," and the battle is far from over. Immediately following KHC's withdrawal, Polman met with his board and announced that Unilever will undergo a complete assessment by April of its product portfolio, cost structure and balance sheet in order to enhance near-term shareholder returns. It is likely that Unilever will consider leveraging up its balance sheet and announcing stock buybacks rather than letting an aggressor buy the company using its own balance sheet. More cost reductions may be in order going forward if the softness in the consumer packaged goods market continues. Also on the docket is the analysis of Unilever's vast product portfolio, which may trigger the sale of declining brands and categories, or even breaking the company in two by spinning off its foods business. Reflections on this battle Nevertheless, the question remains: why did 3G choose to attack 145-year old Unilever, a top performing company with aggressive leaders that are creating great value for shareholders as well as customers, employees and society at large through sustainability initiatives? 3G's attack on Unilever raises important concerns about these competing models of capitalism. Those of us who believe capitalism is a great long-term value creator must care about the fate of great companies that are role models for the way capitalism should work. Sustainable enterprises that prosper for many decades – General Electric, Procter & Gamble, IBM, Ford, and Exxon, just to name a few – have created enormous value for everyone involved, from employees to shareholders. If a top performer like Unilever can be attacked, then no company is safe from hostile takeover. The larger issue at stake here is not just the fate of a single company, but the fate of capitalism itself. In a world increasingly concerned with disparities between the haves and have-nots, the voters that chose Brexit and elected President Trump are expressing deep feelings of powerlessness in a world dominated by wealthy elites. Unconstrained capitalism focusing strictly on short-term gains can cause great harm to employees, communities and the greater needs of society. In this case capitalism will face the wrath of democratic nations as their citizens demand significant constraints on all companies that limit their freedom to operate. If this happens, we will all be worse off. Commentary by Bill George, a senior fellow at Harvard Business, former Chairman & CEO of Medtronic, and the author of "Discover Your True North." Follow him on Twitter @Bill_George. Bill GeorgeSenior Fellow, Harvard Business School and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Medtronic, Inc. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change KHC --- UNA ---
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, March 26, 2017 11:37 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan suspend YouTube ads over offensive videos (VIDEO) Friday March 24, 2017 08:41 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: What’s the fuss over poke bowls? The Edit: Heartifacts: Retro chic furniture made from railway tracks China’s favourite Lam wins Hong Kong leadership, vows to heal rifts Ferrari’s back: Vettel stuns Mercedes’ Hamilton in F1 season opener Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A Johnson & Johnson building is shown in Irvine, California January 24, 2017. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, March 24 — US healthcare conglomerate Johnson & Johnson and JPMorgan Chase & Co became the latest big US companies to suspend all digital advertising on Google’s YouTube, over concerns that its ads may have appeared on channels that broadcast offensive videos. Wireless carriers Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc said on Wednesday they would suspend digital ads on YouTube, joining a list of well-known British brands such as retailer Marks and Spencer Group Plc that are deserting Alphabet Inc’s Google. Google has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos on YouTube carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. The company vowed an overhaul of its practices and said on Wednesday it has started an extensive review of its advertising policies. Shares of Google parent Alphabet ended down 1.2 per cent, or US$10.15 (RM 44.95) per share, at US$839.65 on the New York Stock Exchange. Control over online ad placement has become a hot-button issue for advertisers, with social networks and news aggregators coming under fire during and after the US presidential election for spreading fake news reports. Advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. J&J said yesterday it wanted to ensure that its product advertising did not appear on channels that promote “offensive content.” JPMorgan, the biggest US bank by assets and the biggest issuer of general purpose credit cards, suspended all of its ads from YouTube yesterday, according to spokeswoman Trish Wexler. The bank spends about US$3 billion on marketing each year. YouTube has been a key driver of growth for Google as its traditional business of search advertising matures. Google’s net ad revenue worldwide from YouTube was US$5.58 billion last year, according to New York-based research firm eMarketer. While major brands suspending advertising on YouTube is a public relations pain for Google, the suspensions do not affect Google’s biggest ad product, search. According to eMarketer, Google’s 2017 global ad revenue is projected to be US$73.75 billion, grabbing 62 per cent of the US$99.62-billion search market. Search accounts for 83 per cent of Google’s overall ad revenue. The financial hit is also less certain because digital platforms tend to collect the bulk of their revenue from small-to-medium sized companies who cannot afford to buy on TV. “Digital dependence on the long-tail of advertising clients means that while major advertisers like P&G or agencies like Havas can publicly protest, they do not have the same impact on a Google or a Facebook as they have on a CBS or NBC,” analysts at MoffettNathanson wrote yesterday. “In other words, if a major brand marketer or agency moves money to TV and out of digital, the TV industry will see the benefit whereas the digital industry might not truly feel it.” — Reuters                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week China slinging salmon on the Internet lures Norway seafood fund Oil producers call to roll over output cuts beyond June American Air in negotiations to purchase stake in China Southern Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Jack Ma: DFTZ will be a Malaysian-run business China capital controls leave buyers of foreign property in bind (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles AT&T, Verizon join Google ad boycott Google apologises to ad clients for YouTube content fiasco Johnson & Johnson wins trial in talc product liability lawsuits Source: Saudi Aramco taps JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley for IPO, HSBC a contender Facebook tunes trending topics to better deliver news Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
