null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Electric Toothbrush Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 NY, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/11/2017 — In this report, the global Electric Toothbrush market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Electric Toothbrush for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/962137-global-electric-toothbrush-sales-market-report-2017 Global Electric Toothbrush market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Electric Toothbrush sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Philips Sonicare Oral-B (P & G) Panasonic Omron Healthcare Colgate-Palmolive FOREO Wellness Oral Care PURSONIC Smilex Kolibree Interplak?Conair? LION LG BAYER LFCARE On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Rechargeables Battery On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Electric Toothbrush for each application, including Adults Children Table of Content: Key Points Global Electric Toothbrush Sales Market Report 2017 1 Electric Toothbrush Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Electric Toothbrush 1.2 Classification of Electric Toothbrush by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Electric Toothbrush Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Electric Toothbrush Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Rechargeables 1.2.4 Battery 1.3 Global Electric Toothbrush Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Electric Toothbrush Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Adults 1.3.3 Children 1.4 Global Electric Toothbrush Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Electric Toothbrush Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Electric Toothbrush Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Electric Toothbrush Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Electric Toothbrush Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Electric Toothbrush Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Electric Toothbrush Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Electric Toothbrush Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Electric Toothbrush (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Electric Toothbrush Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Electric Toothbrush Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) … 9 Global Electric Toothbrush Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Philips Sonicare 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Electric Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Philips Sonicare Electric Toothbrush Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Oral-B (P & G) 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Electric Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Oral-B (P & G) Electric Toothbrush Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Panasonic 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Electric Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Panasonic Electric Toothbrush Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Omron Healthcare 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Electric Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Omron Healthcare Electric Toothbrush Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Colgate-Palmolive 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Electric Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Colgate-Palmolive Electric Toothbrush Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 FOREO 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Electric Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 FOREO Electric Toothbrush Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Wellness Oral Care 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Electric Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A …Continued ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/962137-global-electric-toothbrush-sales-market-report-2017 Get in touch: LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/4828928 Twitter: https://twitter.com/WiseGuyReports Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Wiseguyreports-1009007869213183/?fref=ts CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Findit, Inc. (FDIT: OTC Pink Current) | Findit Reports 1st Quarter Loss of $249.00 for Period Ending March 31, 2017 Next PostNext Algold Comments on Recent Share Price Movement and Updates on Phase III Progress Search Recent Posts Internationale Topdeskundigen Bijeen om de Vele Gezichten van Kanker te Begrijpen CELEBRATE TRAIN DAY AT VINES PARK IMF Staff Concludes Review Mission to Mali By 2018, 17.5 % of All Rural Hospitals will be in an Accountable Care Organization Supported by Caravan Health Orlando Thanks Visitors in a Big way for Making it No. 1 Destination in U.S. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
05122017Headline: Global Flexible Glass Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports 10 mins ago Global Halal Packaging Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 56.2 Bn By 2024 – Credence Research 17 mins ago Brushless DC Motors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023 18 mins ago Global Cancer Supportive Care Market To Reach Worth USD 34.2 Bn By 2024 – Credence Research 20 mins ago Global X-Ray Equipment Market Is Expected To Reach USD 11,752.2 Mn By 2022 – Credence Research 23 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business 2017 Latest Trend Soap Market – Global Market Analysis, Market Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, 2017 – 2022 by QY Research Reports 2017 Latest Trend Soap Market – Global Market Analysis, Market Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, 2017 – 2022 by QY Research Reports May 11, 2017 | by Jayvir | This report Mainly covers the following product types The segment applications including Segment regions including (the separated region report can also be offered) North America Europe Japan China Southeast Asia India The players list (Partly, Players you are interested in can also be added) P&G Unilever Henkel Reckitt Benckiser Group Kao Corporation Colgate-Palmolive Olive Oil Skin Care Company LOccitane Dr. Bronners Johnson & Johnson Valobra Liby NICE Group LG Household & Health Care With no less than 15 top producers. Data including (both global and regions): Market Size (both volume – K Units and value – million USD), Market Share, Production data, Consumption data, Trade data, Price – USD/Unit, Cost, Gross margin etc. More detailed information, please refer to the attachment file and table of contents. If you have other requirements, please contact us, we can also offer!   To Get Complete Report  –  http://www.qyresearchreports.net/market-research-report/global-soap-market-research-report-2016   Buy this report @ – (Click here) – http://www.qyresearchreports.net/sample-request/23373   Table of Contents   1 Industry Overview of Soap 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Soap 1.1.1 Definition of Soap 1.1.2 Specifications of Soap 1.2 Classification of Soap 1.3 Applications of Soap 1.4 Industry Chain Structure of Soap 1.5 Industry Overview and Major Regions Status of Soap 1.5.1 Industry Overview of Soap 1.5.2 Global Major Regions Status of Soap 1.6 Industry Policy Analysis of Soap 1.7 Industry News Analysis of Soap 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Soap 2.1 Raw Material Suppliers and Price Analysis of Soap 2.2 Equipment Suppliers and Price Analysis of Soap 2.3 Labor Cost Analysis of Soap 2.4 Other Costs Analysis of Soap 2.5 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Soap 2.6 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Soap 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Soap 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Soap Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Soap Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Soap Major Manufacturers in 2015 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Soap Major Manufacturers in 2015 4 Global Soap Overall Market Overview 4.1 2011-2016E Overall Market Analysis 4.2.1 2011-2015 Global Soap Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2015 Soap Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2011-2015 Global Soap Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2015 Soap Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2011-2015 Global Soap Sales Price 4.4.2 2015 Soap Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 4.5 Gross Margin Analysis 4.5.1 2011-2015 Global Soap Gross Margin 4.5.2 2015 Soap Gross Margin Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Soap Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Soap Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Soap Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2011-2016E Soap Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2011-2016E Soap Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2015 Soap Market Share Analysis 5.2 Europe Soap Market Analysis 5.2.1 Europe Soap Market Overview   Latest Industry Development Reports  For (2017 –  2022) click here – http://thrasherbacker.com/ammonium-carbonate-consumption-2017-market-global-industry-analysis-market-price-size-share-trend-growth-company-profiles-market-capacity-production-revenue-competitive-strategies-world/0157707/ http://latestmarketreport.blogspot.in/2017/05/2017-latest-research-spot-welding.html http://latestmarketreport.blogspot.in/2017/05/advance-automatic-pneumatic-tourniquet.html http://latestmarketreport.blogspot.in/2017/05/2017-latest-research-backsheet-in-solar.html About Us   QY Research Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.  We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world is most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our database consists of 200,000+ market research reports with detailed & minute market research. Our market research professionals have detailed knowledge of the publishers and different kinds of reports in their particular business domains. They will guide you in finding the complete range of available market research reports, review the scope and procedure of the research studies that you select, and provide you guidance in order to assist you in taking the correct business decisions related to the purchase of the market research reports.   Media Contact Company Name: QY Research Reports Email: sales@qyresearchreports.net Phone: +1-855-455-8662 (US/CANADA) Web: http://qyresearchreports.net   Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Flexible Glass Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Halal Packaging Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 56.2 Bn By 2024 – Credence Research Brushless DC Motors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023 Global Cancer Supportive Care Market To Reach Worth USD 34.2 Bn By 2024 – Credence Research Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Flexible Glass Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Halal Packaging Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 56.2 Bn By 2024 – Credence Research Brushless DC Motors Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023 Global Cancer Supportive Care Market To Reach Worth USD 34.2 Bn By 2024 – Credence Research Global X-Ray Equipment Market Is Expected To Reach USD 11,752.2 Mn By 2022 – Credence Research © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up India dominates WARC100 Asia rankings News, 12 May 2017 Topics Findings from effectiveness awards MUMBAI: India has dominated this year's WARC 100 rankings for the Asia region, obtaining top campaign in the region and top campaign globally, as well as dominating Asia's top 10 creative agency rankings. This year's number 1 ranked campaign globally, Share The Load for P&G detergent brand Ariel, also came from India - a win which sets the tone for this year's regional rankings. Created by BBDO Mumbai, the campaign for Ariel was a big-budget, TV-led campaign that drove a social conversation to promote change within households in the region. The campaign also won the Grand Prix in the 2016 WARC Prize for Asian Strategy, and scored three times as many points as the second place winner in the Asia rankings. Whilst Ariel was, overall, the most successful brand in Asia by a significant margin, Unilever nevertheless bested rival Procter and Gamble as the top advertiser in the region by just five points. Both were significantly ahead of Nestlé and Mars, in third and fourth place respectively. BBDO Mumbai was boosted into the number one agency position as a result of its 'Share The Load' campaign, but the agency's outstanding performance could not ensure the number 1 spot for BBDO Worldwide as top network in Asia. Instead, this went to Ogilvy & Mather Advertising, with strong ranking performances from Ogilvy & Mather's Mumbai, Hong Kong and Taipei offices. WPP was the top holding company in Asia, followed by Omnicom Group and Interpublic Group. Download the full Asia rankings here: Asia's best marketing campaigns and companies 2017 Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News India dominates WARC100 Asia rankings News Nearly a third of Starbucks China purchases through WeChat News Ryanair avoids 'the Google machine' News Snapchat shrugs off Instagram threat News Coke's growth focus empowers marketers News Android OS is number one in China News How brands can beat 'commercial zapping' News Patient advocacy boosts AstraZeneca View more News and Opinion More from WARC WARC 100: Lessons from the world's best marketing campaigns 2017 WARC 100: The world's best marketing campaigns and companies 2017 - Summary of results WARC 100: Asia's best campaigns and companies 2017 Get a demo Topics Findings from effectiveness awards 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: APT Systems, Inc May 11, 2017 15:20 ET APT Systems Inc Provides Q1 Update to Shareholders SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) - APT Systems, Inc. (OTC PINK: APTY), a fully reporting company in the Fintech software sector, is pleased to advise we had a busy and productive first quarter starting with the closing of a private placement and ending with finalizing matters around the kenChart app development. We have asked Daniel Sigvardsson to take on our charting app design who shares our commitment to user ease. Daniel is a talented award winning designer who provides "end-to-end" service, starting with our visuals, moving through to wireframes finishing with a visually stunning design for traders. Daniel has also worked with fashion, entertainment and corporate brands such as Disney, Twitter, Vine, Pixar, Adidas, The Absolut Company, Proctor & Gamble, Universal, Sony, Electronic Arts and many others. He has the proven ability to lead teams allowing him to deliver on a demanding design and meeting our performance goals for kenCharts. Funding obtained in this quarter allows us to move ahead with the charting app, a part of our Intuitrader platform. DTN will be providing our market data for internal testing and as a service for future users. We will be looking to engage beta testers and those interested can sign up on June 12th at our website which is currently being enhanced. The Company has provided all of the pertinent information to its auditors and expect the annual 10K to be filed shortly. In April, we completed negotiations with one of our investors who agreed to accept partial payment on a note due on May 8th and rollover the balance for an additional six months. We are in discussions with other investors holding notes and we anticipate similar success for a note convertible around July 31st. Management is pleased that no debt conversions will be taking place in the near future. We are continuing our diligent search and research for companies and software products that would enhance our operations while still watching dialogue on the proposed legislation for the Fintech National Banking Charter. About APT Systems, Inc.: APT is an acronym for Applied Proprietary Trading. The Management of APT Systems, Inc. works to deliver stock trading tools and its platform Intuitrader with a focus on handheld devices; while also strategically acquiring other compatible financial businesses which demonstrate strong growth potential. Disclaimer - Forward Looking Statements: This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may," "future," "plan" or "planned," "will" or "should," "expected," "anticipates," "draft," "eventually" or "projected." You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements; projected events in this press release may not occur due to unforeseen circumstances, various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K and other filings made by such company. APT Systems, Inc (APTY) may opt to disseminate information about itself, including the results of its operations and financial information, via social media platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Contact Information Contact: Glenda Dowie CEO 415-200-1105 Investor Information - http://aptsystemsinc.com/index.php/investor-relations On Twitter follow @APTYsys Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company APT Systems, Inc From this industry Computers and Software Electronics and Semiconductors Financial Services Retail From this sub-industry Big Data Hardware Internet Networking Peripherals Security Software Electronic Components Commercial and Investment Banking Investment Services and Trading Venture Capital Consumer Electronics Consumer Interest E-Commerce See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: APT Systems, Inc May 11, 2017 15:20 ET APT Systems Inc Provides Q1 Update to Shareholders SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - May 11, 2017) - APT Systems, Inc. (OTC PINK: APTY), a fully reporting company in the Fintech software sector, is pleased to advise we had a busy and productive first quarter starting with the closing of a private placement and ending with finalizing matters around the kenChart app development. We have asked Daniel Sigvardsson to take on our charting app design who shares our commitment to user ease. Daniel is a talented award winning designer who provides "end-to-end" service, starting with our visuals, moving through to wireframes finishing with a visually stunning design for traders. Daniel has also worked with fashion, entertainment and corporate brands such as Disney, Twitter, Vine, Pixar, Adidas, The Absolut Company, Proctor & Gamble, Universal, Sony, Electronic Arts and many others. He has the proven ability to lead teams allowing him to deliver on a demanding design and meeting our performance goals for kenCharts. Funding obtained in this quarter allows us to move ahead with the charting app, a part of our Intuitrader platform. DTN will be providing our market data for internal testing and as a service for future users. We will be looking to engage beta testers and those interested can sign up on June 12th at our website which is currently being enhanced. The Company has provided all of the pertinent information to its auditors and expect the annual 10K to be filed shortly. In April, we completed negotiations with one of our investors who agreed to accept partial payment on a note due on May 8th and rollover the balance for an additional six months. We are in discussions with other investors holding notes and we anticipate similar success for a note convertible around July 31st. Management is pleased that no debt conversions will be taking place in the near future. We are continuing our diligent search and research for companies and software products that would enhance our operations while still watching dialogue on the proposed legislation for the Fintech National Banking Charter. About APT Systems, Inc.: APT is an acronym for Applied Proprietary Trading. The Management of APT Systems, Inc. works to deliver stock trading tools and its platform Intuitrader with a focus on handheld devices; while also strategically acquiring other compatible financial businesses which demonstrate strong growth potential. Disclaimer - Forward Looking Statements: This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may," "future," "plan" or "planned," "will" or "should," "expected," "anticipates," "draft," "eventually" or "projected." You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements; projected events in this press release may not occur due to unforeseen circumstances, various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K and other filings made by such company. APT Systems, Inc (APTY) may opt to disseminate information about itself, including the results of its operations and financial information, via social media platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Contact Information Contact: Glenda Dowie CEO 415-200-1105 Investor Information - http://aptsystemsinc.com/index.php/investor-relations On Twitter follow @APTYsys Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company APT Systems, Inc From this industry Computers and Software Electronics and Semiconductors Financial Services Retail From this sub-industry Big Data Hardware Internet Networking Peripherals Security Software Electronic Components Commercial and Investment Banking Investment Services and Trading Venture Capital Consumer Electronics Consumer Interest E-Commerce See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Distribution Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise Houston Mayor Turner and faith leaders gather to launch Meaningful Change campaign India House and SOS partner to host a Town Hall Sewa International raises a $1m, spreads its reach across the world BAPS Charities holds Walk Green 2017 in Sugar Land Home » Lifestyle » Health » Ayurveda in prominence as never before Ayurveda in prominence as never before Along with herbal products, Patanjali seems to have taken the sails off some of the traditional branded grocery products in the market (File photo) by Nantoo Banerjee Few will disagree that making a Rs.1,00,000-crore-plus branded fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) market, led largely by multinational companies and their associates, suddenly busk in the glory of nearly 5,000-year-old India’s own home-grown Ayurvedic formulae products is no joke. A Yoga-guru-turned-marketing-mahaguru from Haridwar, Baba Ramdev, has not only made it happen in just about 10 years, but, in the process, has put some of India’s 100-plus-year-old MNC brands and their associates such as Hindustan Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Nestle, Glaxosmithkline, Horlicks, L’Oreal, Colgate, ITC, etc, at their wit’s end about how to fight the Baba’s Patanjali onslaught in the market. The name, Patanjali, an ancient Rishi, as described by Paramhansa Yogananda in his ‘Autobiography of a Yogi,’ defined ‘yoga’ as a process to ‘control the fluctuations of the mind-stuff’. The word Ayurveda combines two Sanskrit words — Aayush and Veda. In english, Aayush means life and Veda is knowledge. Thus, Ayurveda means ‘knowledge of life’. Seemingly, Ayurveda may have little to do with some of Ramdev’s so-called Patanjali herbal products — from Marie and Digestive biscuits to a host of cooking aids, Rice, atta, mustard oil and cosmetic products such as face wash. Never mind that. The modern yoga guru is going strong with newer and newer FMCG products under the Patanjali belt that is targeted to reach a Rs.20,000-crore plus business within the next four years. Patanjali is posing a threat to MNCs not only in India but also in other countries with large Indian or Indian-origin population where the Indian brand has already made an inroad. According to the latest UN survey on international migrant trends, India’s diaspora population is the largest in the world with 16 million of them living outside their country in 2015. Patanjali finds a great export opportunity in some of those countries. Patanjali seems to be focussing more on FMCG products than initial Ayurvedic medicines, which face intense competition from other big local firms such as Dabur, Baidyanath, Himalaya, Hamdard, Emami, Zandu, Charak, Vicco, Surya Herbal and Arya Vaidyashala of Kotakkal (Kerala). The annual turnover of India’s branded Ayurvedic drug and cosmetics industry is not very large. It is said to be only around Rs.5,000 crore. Exports account for nearly Rs.500 crore. However, multi-product Patanjali is said to have already crossed Rs 10,000 crore sales in last fiscal. Processed food products may have largely contributed to such a massive turnover. The company is now having global ambitions. Recently, Patanjali Ayurved managing director Acharaya Balkrishna said the FMCG major is looking to double its share in the country’s food processing market in the current fiscal. The company plans to invest Rs 5,000 crore on expansion of its various verticals. It would be putting aside a substantial portion of funds to open new units and ramp up existing capacity. Patanjali plans to set up as many as five mega food parks, including one in Madhya Pradesh and another in Maharashtra, both ruled by Bharatiya Janta Party, with which the Baba enjoys a special relation. The Ramdev company also has plans to grow medicinal herbs in a big way for dual use, medicines and modern beauty treat. Alongside aloe vera and amla, Patanjali wants to produce a host of herbs such as Tulsi and Ashwagandha. For instance, the company plans to sell 100 tonnes of aloe vera juice per day, up from 40-50 tonnes, currently. The list of Patanjali products is long, covering some 800 items. No other FMCG firm is known to have such a large number of products. Patanjali seems to have taken the sails off some of the traditional and well-entrenched branded grocery and processed food products in the market, which are faced with low sales growth and even lower sales margin in the face of growing competition. Patanjali, whose grocery, processed food products and cosmetics are cheaper than MNC brands, is certainly giving the established players in the business a big competition. Going forward, there is nothing to believe that Patanjali will continue to have a free run for long in the crowded FMCG market led by some of the old big-pocket multinational and domestic tsars. Questions are also being raised about Patanjali’s sources of funds to sustain and grow such a large operation, so fast. In just 10 years time, Patanjali has given competitors like Hindustan Unilever, Emami, Godrej Consumer, Colgate and several others, a run for their money. According to reports, the company has, so far, been taking short term loans to meet its working capital needs. In the past, public sector banks like Punjab National Bank and SBI have lent credit to the company. While brand Patanjali’s meteoric rise is expected to interest market researchers and faculties in leading management institutes, the company itself may have to revisit its growth strategies in the face of no-holds-barred competition from established entities, which may leave no stone unturned to put hurdles to its business ambition. An unfavourable test report by the Central Food Lab in Kolkata has led the defence canteen stores department (CSD) to recently suspend sales of Patanjali’s Amla juice. In a letter dated April 3, the CSD is said to have asked all its retailing depots to make debit notes for their current stock of the product so that it can be returned to the company. Incidentally, the same lab in Kolkata had detected high lead levels in Nestle’s Maggi noodles samples two years ago, that led Nestle to temporarily withdraw the brand across India. It is not the first time that the Ramdev company is locking horns with the regulators. It has been questioned for selling noodles and pasta without the requisite licences, and had faced flak from the food regulator, FSSAI, over the allegedly misleading advertisements for its edible-oil products. Hopefully, Patanjali will soon learn how to overcome such business obstacles to maintain its growth and focus on the market. (-IPA) Ayurveda FMCG Patanjali More news How ancient Indian knowledge is combating modern disease » 8 September, 2016 // Community Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories YMCA opens its lakeside Camp Cullen for free! Houston Mayor Turner and faith leaders gather to launch Meaningful Change campaign Indian-American doctor shot dead in Michigan Turkey Cucumber Roll Ups Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
Your source for industry news and technology. Subscribe Current Issue Recent Issues Customer Service Advertise News Latest International People Companies Regulatory Training Safety Distributors Suppliers Associations Events & Meetings Products New Products Pests Occasional Invaders Termites Rodents Birds & Wildlife Public Health Pests Stored Product Pests Bed Bugs Cockroaches Ants Flies Stinging Insects Spiders Mosquitoes Business Business Topics Management Customer Service HR Marketing Special Reports Top 100 Issue Operating Cost Survey State of the Market Free Downloads Awards Crown Leadership Technician of the Year Photo Contest Media Podcasts Webinars Video RSS Feed Blogs Surveys Classifieds Advertise Media Kit Books/Store Polls Magazine Recent Issues Current Issue Digital Edition App download Media Kit Subscribe Customer Service Advertise PCT Canada QA Magazine Training Subscribe Subscribe to our Magazine Subscribe to our Newsletter Subscribe to PCT Canada The Small Business Check-Up You can’t manage what you don’t measure. Much like an annual physical, a quarterly business check-up will allow you to avoid the financial pitfalls experienced by far too many pest management professionals. May 11, 2017 Jeff Fenner Subscribe Fleet Management Solutions, Sponsored by Fleetmatics How is success measured? It is not an easy question to answer and the metrics used to judge success often change with the trends of the time. Benchmarks are often set by your peers and by the profession you endeavor in.  In an industry like pest management which is dominated by small to mid-size businesses, time is a precious commodity few can afford to use unwisely. Determining what to benchmark in their business or what a benchmark actually is or does for the company, is an important first step in the process. The starting point for small business owners is to constantly evaluate the business and identify problem areas that need attention. To get a successful benchmarking program off the ground, it is wise to remember the following key steps: • Decide what needs to be done and how you want to accomplish it. • Set timeframes to achieve those goals. • Get to work and be very tactical. A tried and true tool that business owners can turn to comes from legendary management expert, author and consultant Peter Drucker.  Drucker’s often-referenced S.M.A.R.T. theory for setting and achieving goals has been used by generations of owners and managers looking to sharpen efficiencies and improve performance. Successful small business owners and management consultants will tell you having a plan to follow for benchmarking your company’s progress and setting goals is the “smart” thing to do.  The “smart” thinking movement was started by legendary management guru Drucker who, in the course of his storied career, consulted with a “Who’s Who” of Fortune 500 corporations including Coca-Cola, IBM, General Electric, Procter & Gamble and Intel to name a few. Drucker first introduced the S.M.A.R.T. theory of tracking goals in his 1954 book The Practice of Management to help business owners and managers set and measure their performance. Drucker encouraged managers not to get caught in the “activity trap” of being so deeply involved in the day-to-day activities of their business that they were unable to remember the main purpose or objective of their operation. The core principles of the S.M.A.R.T. theory have stood the test of time and resonate as strongly today as when Drucker first introduced them. As with any business theory, the final results depend on the execution. The following is a review of Drucker’s original theory and how small business owners can apply it to their business. Is Your Goal Specific? Small business owners should set very specific and clearly defined goals. Know what you want to accomplish, why the goal is important to your organization, and how you and your team will accomplish this goal.  Is Your Goal Measurable? Measurable goals include targets and benchmarks small business owners can use to track their progress along the way. Paint a clear target for yourself and your employees. Is Your Goal Achievable/Attainable? Any goal set by small business owners should be realistic. It is good to dream big but if the achievement bar is set too high, failure and its unwanted fallout will occur. Break down your goal(s) into smaller segments that allow you to easily measure achievement, and put you and your team into the best position to succeed. Is Your Goal Realistic? Do the goals you came up with make sense for your business? Certain goals may work for General Electric or Delta Airlines but how effectively can you apply them to a 15-person operation? Make sure the goals align with your resources and finances, your industry (i.e. snow and ice management), your customers and your employees. Is Your Goal Time-Related? When do you want to accomplish your goals? Set a realistic timeline for reaching your goal(s) and keeping the enthusiasm and momentum moving forward to a successful conclusion. So what is the payoff of going through the performance measurement and benchmarking process? First, is that you gain a clearer picture of your industry. You see what your peers are doing and how you measure up against them. Are your operating systems, equipment and technology, compensation levels, and marketing efforts ahead of the curve or lagging behind? The second benefit is that along the way you will learn things about your business that will help you expand, make it run more efficiently or more profitable. Talking to your technicians may produce ideas on how rescheduling routes can increase productivity or how a change in treatment protocol can lead to better results and more satisfied customers.  The third benefit is that going through the process will broaden your personal and professional horizons. You will become a better manager of people and process. You will learn things that can help your business expand and discover new revenue streams and markets. And most important of all, you will improve the overall health of your company. Training Related Tips For Reducing Vehicle Expenses Managing Driver Behavior Creating a Risk Management Culture Most Shared Orkin: Top 50 Mosquito Cities List Rollins Announces Expanded Responsibilities for Beth Chandler ChemTec Pest Control Goes Green for Mental Health Awareness Month Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The Pulse Poll Question: Using Social Networks for Job Screening Videos & Podcasts Arrow Exterminators 50th Anniversary Most Popular You Found ONE Bed Bug — Now What? Rollins Announces Expanded Responsibilities for Beth Chandler [Bed Bug Supplement] How Bed Bug Bite Reactions Differ [Bed Bug Supplement] Diatomaceous Earth: Where Do Bed Bugs Stand When the Dust Settles? Orkin: Top 50 Mosquito Cities List Your source for industry news and technology. Subscribe Advertise Contact © 2017 GIE Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Jack Daniel's, Geico, Spectrum and More 24 minutes ago Array 0 Vivendi Makes Long-Awaited Offer to Buy Majority Stake in Havas By Laurel Wentz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Coltrane Curtis: Influence Is Not For Sale, And Other Mistakes Marketers Make By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 Inside a New Programmatic Marketplace That Links Brands With E-Tailers By Jack Neff - 2 hours ago Array 0 How AB InBev Changed Its Tune to Market to Women 3 hours ago Array 0 Captain Morgan's Latest Spot Is Stuffed Full of Captains By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Total Drag: This Creative's Onstage Hobby Keeps Him Fierce By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago 0 Coltrane Curtis: Influence Is Not For Sale, And Other Mistakes Marketers Make By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago 0 Melissa 'Spicey' McCarthy Is So Very Pretty in This Amazing 'SNL' Promo By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 Marketers Take a Trip to 2020 in News Corp.'s Home of the Future By Emma Hall - 11 hours ago 0 Stop the Internet! We Have a New Most-Retweeted Tweet of All Time By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Fox Ends Long Vacancy Atop Ad Sales by Tapping Joe Marchese By Jeanine Poggi - Yesterday 0 What Comey's Firing Does to the Trump Brand By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 What Advertisers Want From Snapchat's First Earnings Report By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 What Exactly Is a Martech Stack? By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Inside a New Programmatic Marketplace That Links Brands With E-Tailers By Jack Neff. Published on May 11, 2017. Credit: Exact Media Most Popular There's a programmatic marketplace for seemingly everything now, including your Toys 'R Us box. The latest in a decades-long series of efforts to replace newspapers and direct mail for distributing coupons and gift cards uses an online market to put them into e-commerce parcels. Exact Connections is a new service rolling out of beta test that links offers from brands with online retailers that ship 9.6 million packages weekly. It comes from Exact Media, a four-year-old Toronto-based startup that for years has been shipping product samples from the likes of Procter & Gamble Co., Unilever or Johnson & Johnson through 120 online retailers such as Toys 'R Us, Gilt, Zulily, Kohl's and Saks Off Fifth. The new dashboard-driven marketplace, at least for now, is limited to gift cards or paper inserts, not samples, which Exact Media continues to manage directly. Remote printing makes it easier to for buyers and sellers to do deals among themselves on cards and coupons, while the logistics of product samples are trickier. The idea is to distribute offers through something everyone wants to open and no one ignores – their e-commerce shipments, said Exact Media CEO Ray Cao. Compare that to the alternatives. The response rate for direct mail is 2.9% to 5.3%, depending on whether it's for new prospects or existing customers. That and the roughly 1% redemption rate for newspaper coupons may seem low. But they're great compared to click-through rates on e-mail (0.3%-0.6%), search ads (0.5%), social media (0.6%) and display ads (0.9%), according to a report last year from the Direct Marketing Association. Chef's Plate, a Toronto-based home meal delivery service now covering most of Canada, has tried all those things to distribute offers, but most recently gave Exact Connections a shot with favorable results, said Connie Kuang, marketing director. She noted all the mail in her own home that goes straight into the recycling bin, and she welcomed the idea of sending offers through e-commerce packages "that would make us welcome in people's homes." The Connections dashboard made it easy to find online retailers she might not have otherwise considered, she said. She did a deal with Toys 'R Us to send introductory gift cards to parents of newborns and young children for a new Family Plan. Exact Connections came in at only around a quarter of the brand's average cost-per-thousand across its full range of traditional and digital media, she said. "It's quite amazing for a physical piece," she said, "and rivals some of our digital channels. It's definitely cutting a lot of wasted distribution. It's definitely a winning channel we're going to continue to explore." On the sell side, Chegg has a long history of accepting samples and offers from other markters into the textbook rentals it sends to college students, even before it started working with Exact Media on samples years ago, said Mitch Sprolan, exec VP-marketing services. But Connections makes it easier to do deals on paper or plastic offers that don't add much weight. "It's simply a very slick platform," he said. "It takes the friction out." In the first two weeks of the beta test, Chegg processed one deal and got two more on its dashboard, he said, one of which will likely be a fit. Even so, Chegg doesn't want to inundate students with offers they don't want. Fortunately, that's hard to do given college students' appetite for free and reduced-price stuff. "We've done tests to see if there's a maximum we can put in the box," Spolan said. "We have not reached a threshold where students are saying uncle. They love it. They go on Instagram and Twitter and thank the brands." In this article: Ad Tech Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Digital Media Packaged Food Programmatic Restaurants Retail Search Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Acting FBI director contradicts Trump on Comey firing Defiant Trump courts Russia as calls for independent probe grow Israel takes first step towards ‘Jewish nation-state’ law Ireland woos Michel Barnier as Brexit talks loom Macron calls France’s colonial past a ‘crime against humanity’ US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Acting FBI director contradicts Trump on Comey firing Defiant Trump courts Russia as calls for independent probe grow Trump to Comey — worse things happen in Moscow FBI director Comey’s dismissal unfolds in uniquely Trumpian way US considers extending laptop ban to flights from Europe Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read PwC fined record £5m for ‘misconduct’ in social housing group audit Emirates airline’s profits plunge after ‘destabilising events’ CFA finance exams to grill hopefuls on AI, big data and robo-advice US considers extending laptop ban to flights from Europe Microsoft sees its future at the ‘intelligent edge’ Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stocks weaken while sterling falls as BoE stands pat Emirates airline profits sink 82% amid ‘destabilising events’ Peak emerging markets heave into view Mario Draghi riled by Dutch MPs in public grilling Political fears are economic and they trace back to Italy Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read The curse of the consultants is spreading fast Trump to Comey — worse things happen in Moscow Emmanuel Macron, Donald Trump and a moment for optimism Cable cowboy John Malone views a new landscape The UK election, Brexit and the five stages of grief Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Power to the workers: Michelin’s great experiment London employers help millennials live near the office Juncker’s English taunt touched a raw Brexit nerve Unrealistic expectations put millennials at risk of burnout Business schools help alumni over career bumps Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Joan C Williams on Trump, elitism and the white working class Option B by Sheryl Sandberg: ‘Lean in? I could barely stand up’ The charm of Mme Macron: a little bit of Essex in the Elysée Palace Why livestreaming means danger on a different scale Man versus machine: when Garry Kasparov met his match Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times Auditors: held accountable Already a subscriber? Sign in here Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu’s Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience. Upgrade now Not a subscriber? Click here to subscribe What do you get in your Premium Subscription package? Lex Column - The FT’s daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930’s Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions. Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times’ lauded editor. FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week’s news stories. Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics. Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Global Razor Blades Consumption 2017 Market Research Report In this report, the global Razor Blades market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Global Razor Blades market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Gillette(P&G) Energizer BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s(Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1273082-global-razor-blades-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Razor Blades in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Singlle Edge Razor Blades Double Edge Razor Blades On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Razor Blades for each application, including Female Male If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1273082-global-razor-blades-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Razor Blades Market Research Report 2017 1 Razor Blades Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Razor Blades 1.2 Razor Blades Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Razor Blades Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Razor Blades Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Singlle Edge Razor Blades 1.2.4 Double Edge Razor Blades 1.3 Global Razor Blades Segment by Application 1.3.1 Razor Blades Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Female 1.3.3 Male 1.4 Global Razor Blades Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Razor Blades Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Razor Blades (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Razor Blades Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Razor Blades Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 7 Global Razor Blades Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Gillette(P&G) 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Gillette(P&G) Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Energizer 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Energizer Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 BIC 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 BIC Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Laser Razor Blades 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Laser Razor Blades Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Lord 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Lord Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 DORCO 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 DORCO Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Supermax 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Supermax Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Harry’s(Feintechnik) 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Harry’s(Feintechnik) Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 FEATHER 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 FEATHER Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Benxi Jincheng 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Benxi Jincheng Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Kaili Razor 7.12 Ningbo Jiali 7.13 Liyu Razor 7.14 Shanghai Cloud 7.15 Yingjili 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 9.1 Razor Blades Industrial Chain Analysis 9.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing 9.3 Raw Materials Sources of Razor Blades Major Manufacturers in 2015 9.4 Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 10.1 Marketing Channel 10.1.1 Direct Marketing 10.1.2 Indirect Marketing 10.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend 10.2 Market Positioning 10.2.1 Pricing Strategy 10.2.2 Brand Strategy 10.2.3 Target Client 10.3 Distributors/Traders List Buy Now@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1273082 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, Razor Blades, Razor Blades Industry, Razor Blades Industry Trends, Razor Blades Manufacturers, Razor Blades Market Share, Razor Blades Prospectus, Razor Blades Segmentation, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hovnanian Enterprises’ Presentation at the J.P. Morgan Homebuilding and Building Products Conference to be Webcast Live Next PostNext IGD Frontier 100 Forum: Mobilizing Action On Job Creation And Inclusive Growth In Africa Search Recent Posts Summer Camp at the MJAC INVESTOR ALERT: Law Offices of Howard G. Smith Commences Investigation on Behalf of Akari Therapeutics PLC Investors Police Vehicle Pursuits, 2012-2013 Bristol Old Vic: The Geraldine Menez Award 2017 Statement from Telos CEO John B. Wood on Cybersecurity Executive Order RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Global Razor Blades Consumption 2017 Market Research Report In this report, the global Razor Blades market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Global Razor Blades market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Gillette(P&G) Energizer BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s(Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1273082-global-razor-blades-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Razor Blades in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Singlle Edge Razor Blades Double Edge Razor Blades On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Razor Blades for each application, including Female Male If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1273082-global-razor-blades-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Razor Blades Market Research Report 2017 1 Razor Blades Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Razor Blades 1.2 Razor Blades Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Razor Blades Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Razor Blades Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Singlle Edge Razor Blades 1.2.4 Double Edge Razor Blades 1.3 Global Razor Blades Segment by Application 1.3.1 Razor Blades Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Female 1.3.3 Male 1.4 Global Razor Blades Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Razor Blades Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Razor Blades (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Razor Blades Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Razor Blades Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 7 Global Razor Blades Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Gillette(P&G) 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Gillette(P&G) Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Energizer 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Energizer Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 BIC 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 BIC Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Laser Razor Blades 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Laser Razor Blades Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Lord 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Lord Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 DORCO 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 DORCO Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Supermax 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Supermax Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Harry’s(Feintechnik) 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Harry’s(Feintechnik) Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 FEATHER 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 FEATHER Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Benxi Jincheng 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Razor Blades Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Benxi Jincheng Razor Blades Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Kaili Razor 7.12 Ningbo Jiali 7.13 Liyu Razor 7.14 Shanghai Cloud 7.15 Yingjili 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 9.1 Razor Blades Industrial Chain Analysis 9.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing 9.3 Raw Materials Sources of Razor Blades Major Manufacturers in 2015 9.4 Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 10.1 Marketing Channel 10.1.1 Direct Marketing 10.1.2 Indirect Marketing 10.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend 10.2 Market Positioning 10.2.1 Pricing Strategy 10.2.2 Brand Strategy 10.2.3 Target Client 10.3 Distributors/Traders List Buy Now@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1273082 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, Razor Blades, Razor Blades Industry, Razor Blades Industry Trends, Razor Blades Manufacturers, Razor Blades Market Share, Razor Blades Prospectus, Razor Blades Segmentation, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hovnanian Enterprises’ Presentation at the J.P. Morgan Homebuilding and Building Products Conference to be Webcast Live Next PostNext IGD Frontier 100 Forum: Mobilizing Action On Job Creation And Inclusive Growth In Africa Search Recent Posts Jagged Peak Energy Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial and Operating Results New Journal Sponsored by Top MBA Programs Tackles Critical Healthcare Management Issues Frankly Files Amendment to Form S-1 Registration Statement Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. Announces 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Global Transplantation Market to Grow at a CAGR of 9.76% by 2021: Witnessing M&A Between Small Specialized Hospitals & Tier-1 Hospitals – Research and Markets RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Former Lyst CMO Christian Woolfenden is now managing director of Photobox Shona Ghosh May 11, 2017, 5:57 AM 337 facebook linkedin twitter email print Photobox managing director Christian Woolfenden Photobox Lyst's former chief marketing officer Christian Woolfenden has joined photo printing site Photobox as managing director. Woolfenden stepped down from Lyst last November after 11 months on the job. He was managing director of retail for Paddy Power before that, and has held a series of senior marketing roles at Bacardi and Procter & Gamble. Photobox lets you personalise gifts by putting printed photos on them. It was founded in 2000 and is run by Photobox Group, which also owns Moonpig, PosterXXL, and Spanish photo printing site Hofmann. Woolfenden has spent most of his career as a marketer, and is likely to bring those skills to his new role. The managing director of Moonpig, James Sturrock, also comes from a marketing background. Woolfenden gained notoriety as brand director for Paddy Power, overseeing a series of mischievous ad campaigns. One stunt involved Paddy Power photoshopping images to show the message "C'mon England!" carved into the Brazilian rainforest. He's increasingly moved towards general management and tech startups — apart from his stint at Lyst, he's also a board member of rental startup Rentify. His appointment is the latest in a series of changes at Photobox Group. The company was bought by private equity firms Exponent and Electra Partners in late 2015, and a new CEO, Jody Ford, joined last May. The group reported revenue of £288 million last year, up 34% year on year, the company said in a statement. Ford described Woolfenden as an "ambitious and brave marketer," making him a "natural fit" for Photobox. Woolfenden added: "Photobox is a well-established brand and business with a huge amount of potential ahead. This combined with Jody's clear vision for the Group, the talented team and unique culture make it a compelling opportunity and I'm thrilled to be joining." NOW WATCH: Treadmills were originally used as torture devices for prisoners Loading video... More: Lyst Christian Woolfenden Photobox facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Former Lyst CMO Christian Woolfenden is now managing director of Photobox Former Lyst CMO Christian Woolfenden is now managing director of Photobox Lyst's former chief marketing officer Christian... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Follow @triplepundit 48.1k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Unilever to Test New Plastic Sachet Recycling Technology by Leon Kaye on Thursday, May 11th, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Sachets for sale at a kiosk in Indonesia. Wander about any market in Africa, Southeast Asia or the Indian subcontinent and you will see tiny sachets on sale everywhere. Filled with just about every product imaginable from shampoo to laundry detergent to condiments, they have helped many citizens who live at “the bottom of the pyramid” to enjoy the same consumer packaged goods (CPG) taken for granted in wealthier countries – only that they are more accessible and affordable as the purchase of a liter or so of product is no longer necessary. These sachets have also boosted the fortune of CPG companies such as Unilever and Procter and Gamble by allowing them to enter new markets by doing little more than repackaging their products into tiny parcels. Some of them actually solve a problem, as in P&G’s water purification packets. But these little sachets have together posed a huge problem – walk those same streets in Africa, India or Southeast Asia, and you will see them buried in mud or scattered on sidewalks. These sachets, while offering a lifestyle change for many citizens, also create environmental problems within their communities. Unilever, for example, has countered that in sheer volume of waste, the packaging is more efficient, as there is actually “less waste by weight per milliliter of product” compared to boxes or bottles. That may be true, but the sachets are still adding up — creating both an aesthetic and environmental mess. To that end, Unilever has announced that it will test a new technology in an attempt to recycle this waste and close this gaping loop. The problem has long been that most sachets are manufactured out of a thin layer of plastic and aluminum. That combination allows these products to have a longer shelf life, while preventing leakage before use. But they are also nearly impossible to recycle. The challenge goes beyond finding a way to remove that plastic sheath from the aluminum or any other polymer. After all, towns and cities in emerging economies often lack any such waste diversion infrastructure in the first place. To solve that problem, Unilever has partnered with Germany’s Fraunhofer Institute for Process Engineering and Packaging IVV, an organization that has long been focused on making food products and packaging both safe and sustainable. The outcome is what Fraunholfer calls the CreaSolv process, which has already been tested for recycling plastics, and separating flame retardants, from electronic waste. Plastic will be separated from those sachets, which in turn will be processed into new sachets for Unilever products – which the company says will nudge it towards a true circular economy. The technology will be first tested later this year in a pilot project in Indonesia. The most populous country in Southeast Asia has had its own struggle with plastic waste, as Indonesians generate 64 million metric tons of trash annually – with 1.3 million metric tons of it ending up in waterways and oceans. Unilever has launched pilot projects before in an effort to reduce the waste resulting from the hundreds of billions of sachets sold annually. In 2012, the company tested a technology that turned those waste sachets into fuel. While Unilever said this pyrolysis technology “proved” it could create a stream of fuel, there is no evidence that process ever scaled, and the company has not mentioned it in recent years. And even if this technology scales, the cart that has to be placed before the horse is having a waste and recycling collection system set up in the first place. In an emailed statement to TriplePundit, the company said that it would look into creating “sustainable system change by setting up waste collection streams to channel the sachets being recycled.” To make this a reality, Unilever said it is working with local waste banks, retailers and government officials. One such outcome could be a more steady stream of income for waste pickers, who have benefited from some social enterprise projects in Indonesia but have long lived on the margins of society. The numbers alone suggest the scope of the problem, and the opportunities that abound. Unilever has noted that what the CPG sector calls the “global consumer flexible packaging” market is a $229 billion business that will continue to grow. And it will continue to clog waterways and become a public health nuisance if the waste resulting from these products is not effectively tackled. This recycling project is a tiny baby step forward in stalling what has become a massive global environmental footprint. Image credit: Unilever Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4608 articles in this category: Unilever to Test New Plastic Sachet Recycling Technology Tesla’s Solar Roof Tiles Make Waves for Aesthetics and Affordability Tiffany & Co. Makes Its Point: Presidents Come and Go, But Diamonds are Forever Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Ya Libnan Lebanon News and World News Live from Beirut Featured News Lebanon News World News Opinion Business News Arts & Culture Sci & Tech Video Apple’s cash pile of $250 billion fuels expectations April 30, 2017 by yalibnan 3 Comments In its quarterly results on Tuesday, Apple Inc. likely will report that its cash hoard has topped a quarter of a trillion dollars, an unrivaled milestone for a private corporation that raises a question: Why would any company want to hold that much money? Apple has added to its pile at a blistering pace, doubling it in just over four-and-a-half years. In the last three months of 2016 it wracked up new cash at a rate of about $3.6 million an hour. Its current total, not accounting for debt, exceeds the market values of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and that of Procter & Gamble Co., and outstrips the foreign-currency reserves of the U.K. and Canada combined. The stash has drawn fresh attention recently as President Donald Trump tries to revamp the U.S. tax regime. Apple, like many big companies, keeps most of its cash offshore — some 93% of its $246.09 billion total cash, cash equivalents, and securities as of December — to avoid U.S. corporate taxes that executives consider too high. The Trump administration this week proposed a one-time tax holiday to encourage companies to bring that cash home, and said it wants to slash the U.S. corporate-income-tax rate to 15% from 35% and largely exempt future foreign profits. That could make it easier for Apple to put its money to use, through acquisitions or by doling out more to shareholders. The latter prospect has propelled Apple’s stock to record highs. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook early this year said he was eager to bring cash home if tax changes enable it, and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said such a move would give Apple flexibility to do more capital returns. Neither has given detailed plans. One possible approach would be a special dividend. Apple could deliver such a windfall, benefitting investors including Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc., which more than doubled its Apple position in January. Wall Street analysts tend to focus more on companies’ net cash position than the headline number. Apple has racked up some $88 billion in debt to fund payouts to shareholders. But even subtracting that, Apple would be left with more cash than the total stockpile of Microsoft, the next richest tech company, which boasts $126 billion in cash, not accounting for debt. With the exception of financial companies, Apple’s stash exceeds that of any other U.S. company in recent history, said Jennifer Blouin, an accounting professor at University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School. “I have never seen a company in this kind of extreme position, barring a winding-down,” she said. “Apple’s a cash box right now.” Former executives say Apple’s thrift has deep roots, inspired in part by a brush with bankruptcy in the late 1990s. That forced Chief Executive Steve Jobs to arrange a cash infusion from Microsoft Corp. and set his resolve to keep reserves for future emergencies. Mr. Jobs also believed Apple could better boost its stock price by using its money to develop new products than through buybacks or dividends. His biggest product, the iPhone, has only supercharged the cash machine. Apple has sold more than 1 billion of the devices in the decade since it was introduced, and today claims 91% of all the profits in the smartphone sector. Mr. Cook has been somewhat more accommodating of shareholder desires than his predecessor. He started a dividend-and-stock-buyback program in 2012 that has since sent more than $200 billion to shareholders. And he has invested more in some areas, such as R&D. But the CEO also stared down Carl Icahn in 2013 and 2014 when the activist investor bought a stake in Apple and demanded it increase buybacks. And Apple remains frugal in other realms, such as marketing. It spent less than $1.8 billion on advertising last year — not even half the amounts laid out by smaller rivals Alphabet Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., according to company filings. Apple also avoids large acquisitions. It bought at a rate of 15 to 20 companies a year over the past four years, generally spending several hundred million dollars on companies it can easily assimilate. Its biggest deal was the $3 billion it spent to buy Beats Electronics LLC in 2014. The swelling war chest has fueled hopes for bigger deals to vault Apple in new directions such as self-driving cars and entertainment. At Apple’s 2015 shareholder meeting, one investor asked Mr. Cook about buying Tesla Inc., which today is valued around $51 billion. The CEO didn’t directly respond. Robert Nichols of Windward Capital Management Co., an Apple shareholder, says it should buy Netflix Inc., valued around $65 billion, to jumpstart its video-streaming business and bolster its position against Amazon. “You can either build [content and distribution] or you can buy it,” and buying would help Apple gain ground where it is behind, he said. With $250 billion, Apple could buy both Tesla and Netflix and still have plenty left over. It also might want to use some cash to pay down some of its debt or look to boost U.S. manufacturing after facing calls last year from then-President-elect Trump to build a plant in the U.S. Either way, there is a growing sense that Apple’s cash hoard has far outstripped its needs. “If this a rainy day fund, they’re saving for a millennial flood,” said Lee Pinkowitz, a Georgetown University professor of finance.   FOX Filed Under: Business News vs Facebook tries to fix violent video problem with 3,000 new workers http://www.reuters.com/article/us-facebook-crime-idUSKBN17Z1N4 elie meanwhile chinese are working under shitty conditions in apple factories. Apple won’t even give them a free iphone for all the hard work. vs Car owner creates incredible action-packed video of his Suzuki Vitara in Jurassic Park, zooming along with Mad Max and even launching into space https://www.thesun.co.uk/motors/3526831/is-this-the-best-video-currently-storming-the-internet-the-ad-every-car-manufacturer-needs/ Featured News U.S. envoy tells Israeli Officials:”Trump’s serious about peace, work with him “ France: Macron unveils eclectic parliamentary candidate list U.N. has ‘a million questions’ on Syria after Astana deal Cultural clashes strain alliance between Saudi rulers, clerics Lebanon News Lebanon invited to Saudi-US Summit in Riyadh Al-Jadeed TV vehicle torched. Berri’s Amal suspected of being behind the attack Hezbollah chief slams Israel’s border wall says it proves Lebanon’s victory and Israel’s defeat Lebanon, Cuba sign visa exemption agreement World News Comey sought to expand Trump-Russia probe to former campaign officials Another horror story: United passenger had no choice but to pee in a cup Trump: ‘One of the best chemistries I had was with’ Merkel UK snap election: What does it mean? Opinion Don’t be fooled: Assad is no friend of Syria’s Christian minorities Trump is getting closer to collusion with Russia — in Syria Macron’s victory means all hope is lost for better French-Russian relations Putin’s leaky strategy Business News The Kushner’s apologize for using the name of Trump’s in-law in promoting properties Kushners offering $500k real estate packages in China in exchange for investor visa Self-driving Teslas will go between LA and NYC by year end: Musk Trump is undermining his own treasury secretary: Summers Arts & Culture Hello Hijab: America’s favorite doll Barbie is getting another change of image Couples fighting over Trump. Many marriages of millennials ending in divorce 2018 election campaign: Russian women are urged to emblazon Putin on their chests The unique love story of French presidential front-runner and his wife Science & Technology ” Out of his mind !” surgeon plans human head transplant, revive frozen human brain A device that can read the mind and enable people to communicate is coming soon Late for work? What about calling a ‘flying taxi’. Dubai will have the service within months Judge Orders California To Release Papers Discussing Risk Of Cellphone Use Recent Comments Copyright © 2017 Ya Libnan
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Sales Forecast and Supply Demand to 2022 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. Deodorants and Antiperspirants market report analyses the market growth, Market trends, market overview & market forecast from 2017-2022. The process of Deodorants and Antiperspirants Industry is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. The Deodorants and Antiperspirants market report elaborates the industry overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Deodorants and Antiperspirants industry in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Any Query on Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Report? Ask to our Expert @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10597859 Further in the Deodorants and Antiperspirants market report is examined for price, cost and gross margin. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The Deodorants and Antiperspirants market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market by Application: Hospital Pharmacy, Retail Pharmacy, Online Pharmacy Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market by Product Type: Deodorants, Antiperspirants After the basic information, the Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Deodorants and Antiperspirants market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of major key players of Deodorants and Antiperspirants Industry: Unilever, Cavinkare, Addidas, Procter & Gamble, Godrej The Deodorants and Antiperspirants market report discovers for each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. In this Deodorants and Antiperspirants industry analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market report. Get Sample PDF of report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10597859 Following are major Table of Content of Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Report: Industry Overview of Deodorants and Antiperspirants., Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants market., Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants., Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis., Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants by Regions, Types and Manufacturers., Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants industry by Regions, Types and Applications., Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market., Major Manufacturers Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants industry., Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants., Industry Chain Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants., Development Trend Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market., New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Deodorants and Antiperspirants., Conclusion of the Deodorants and Antiperspirants Industry. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsConsumer Goods, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Industry Share, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Industry Size, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Analysis, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Growth, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Research, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sleepwear Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast, Supply Demand to 2022 Next PostNext Disposable Protective Apparel Market Analysis by Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Global Trends 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Lash Stuff Announces It Will Offer Eyelash Extension Training Courses At No-Cost $54 Million Settlement Resolving Whistleblower Claims Against CareCore National LLC Announced Research and Markets – Global Automotive Variable Geometry Turbocharger Market to Grow at a CAGR of 21.49% by 2021: Key Vendors are BorgWarner, Cummins, Honeywell International, IHI & Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Election Integrity Commission Starts Down a Dangerous Path with Kris Kobach as Vice-Chair Trump Order Misses the Real Election Integrity Issue Voter Suppression RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Men’s Toiletries Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities and Restraint to 2022 Men’s Toiletries Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. Men’s Toiletries market report analyses the market growth, Market trends, market overview & market forecast from 2017-2022. The process of Men’s Toiletries Industry is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. The Men’s Toiletries market report elaborates the industry overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Men’s Toiletries industry in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Any Query on Men’s Toiletries Market Report? Ask to our Expert @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10597868 Further in the Men’s Toiletries market report is examined for price, cost and gross margin. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The Men’s Toiletries market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Men’s Toiletries Market by Application: Teens, Adults, The Old Men’s Toiletries Market by Product Type: Shaving Creams, Aftershaves, Cologne, Hair Styling Gel, Skin Care Products After the basic information, the Men’s Toiletries Market report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Men’s Toiletries market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Men’s Toiletries Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of major key players of Men’s Toiletries Industry: Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Beiersdorf AG, L’Oréal, Brave Soldier The Men’s Toiletries market report discovers for each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. In this Men’s Toiletries industry analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the Men’s Toiletries Market report. Get Sample PDF of report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10597868 Following are major Table of Content of Men’s Toiletries Market Report: Industry Overview of Men’s Toiletries., Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Men’s Toiletries market., Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Men’s Toiletries., Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis., Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Men’s Toiletries by Regions, Types and Manufacturers., Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Men’s Toiletries industry by Regions, Types and Applications., Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Men’s Toiletries Market., Major Manufacturers Analysis of Men’s Toiletries industry., Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Men’s Toiletries., Industry Chain Analysis of Men’s Toiletries., Development Trend Analysis of Men’s Toiletries Market., New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Men’s Toiletries., Conclusion of the Men’s Toiletries Industry. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsConsumer Goods, Men’s Toiletries Industry Share, Men’s Toiletries Industry Size, Men’s Toiletries Market Analysis, Men’s Toiletries Market Growth, Men’s Toiletries Market Research, Men’s Toiletries Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Disposable Protective Apparel Market Analysis by Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Global Trends 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Global Skin Toner Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Lash Stuff Announces It Will Offer Eyelash Extension Training Courses At No-Cost $54 Million Settlement Resolving Whistleblower Claims Against CareCore National LLC Announced Research and Markets – Global Automotive Variable Geometry Turbocharger Market to Grow at a CAGR of 21.49% by 2021: Key Vendors are BorgWarner, Cummins, Honeywell International, IHI & Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Election Integrity Commission Starts Down a Dangerous Path with Kris Kobach as Vice-Chair Trump Order Misses the Real Election Integrity Issue Voter Suppression RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Men’s Toiletries Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities and Restraint to 2022 Men’s Toiletries Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. Men’s Toiletries market report analyses the market growth, Market trends, market overview & market forecast from 2017-2022. The process of Men’s Toiletries Industry is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. The Men’s Toiletries market report elaborates the industry overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Men’s Toiletries industry in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Any Query on Men’s Toiletries Market Report? Ask to our Expert @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10597868 Further in the Men’s Toiletries market report is examined for price, cost and gross margin. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The Men’s Toiletries market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Men’s Toiletries Market by Application: Teens, Adults, The Old Men’s Toiletries Market by Product Type: Shaving Creams, Aftershaves, Cologne, Hair Styling Gel, Skin Care Products After the basic information, the Men’s Toiletries Market report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Men’s Toiletries market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Men’s Toiletries Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of major key players of Men’s Toiletries Industry: Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Beiersdorf AG, L’Oréal, Brave Soldier The Men’s Toiletries market report discovers for each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. In this Men’s Toiletries industry analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the Men’s Toiletries Market report. Get Sample PDF of report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10597868 Following are major Table of Content of Men’s Toiletries Market Report: Industry Overview of Men’s Toiletries., Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Men’s Toiletries market., Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Men’s Toiletries., Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis., Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Men’s Toiletries by Regions, Types and Manufacturers., Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Men’s Toiletries industry by Regions, Types and Applications., Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Men’s Toiletries Market., Major Manufacturers Analysis of Men’s Toiletries industry., Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Men’s Toiletries., Industry Chain Analysis of Men’s Toiletries., Development Trend Analysis of Men’s Toiletries Market., New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Men’s Toiletries., Conclusion of the Men’s Toiletries Industry. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsConsumer Goods, Men’s Toiletries Industry Share, Men’s Toiletries Industry Size, Men’s Toiletries Market Analysis, Men’s Toiletries Market Growth, Men’s Toiletries Market Research, Men’s Toiletries Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Disposable Protective Apparel Market Analysis by Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Global Trends 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Global Skin Toner Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Lash Stuff Announces It Will Offer Eyelash Extension Training Courses At No-Cost $54 Million Settlement Resolving Whistleblower Claims Against CareCore National LLC Announced Research and Markets – Global Automotive Variable Geometry Turbocharger Market to Grow at a CAGR of 21.49% by 2021: Key Vendors are BorgWarner, Cummins, Honeywell International, IHI & Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Election Integrity Commission Starts Down a Dangerous Path with Kris Kobach as Vice-Chair Trump Order Misses the Real Election Integrity Issue Voter Suppression RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Global Baby Sanitary products Market Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Baby Sanitary products Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. Baby Sanitary products market report analyses the market growth, Market trends, market overview & market forecast from 2017-2022. The process of Baby Sanitary products Industry is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. The Baby Sanitary products market report elaborates the industry overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Baby Sanitary products industry in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Any Query on Baby Sanitary products Market Report? Ask to our Expert @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10597855 Further in the Baby Sanitary products market report is examined for price, cost and gross margin. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The Baby Sanitary products market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Baby Sanitary products Market by Application: Household, Commercial Baby Sanitary products Market by Product Type: Disposable Diapers, Wipes, Others After the basic information, the Baby Sanitary products Market report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Baby Sanitary products market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Baby Sanitary products Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of major key players of Baby Sanitary products Industry: Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, AMD Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Nature Bumz Co. The Baby Sanitary products market report discovers for each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. In this Baby Sanitary products industry analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the Baby Sanitary products Market report. Get Sample PDF of report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10597855 Following are major Table of Content of Baby Sanitary products Market Report: Industry Overview of Baby Sanitary products., Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Baby Sanitary products market., Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis., Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Baby Sanitary products by Regions, Types and Manufacturers., Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Baby Sanitary products industry by Regions, Types and Applications., Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Baby Sanitary products Market., Major Manufacturers Analysis of Baby Sanitary products industry., Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Industry Chain Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Development Trend Analysis of Baby Sanitary products Market., New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Conclusion of the Baby Sanitary products Industry. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBaby Sanitary products Industry Share, Baby Sanitary products Industry Size, Baby Sanitary products Market Analysis, Baby Sanitary products Market Growth, Baby Sanitary products Market Research, Baby Sanitary products Market Trends, Consumer Goods Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Gynecology Robotic Surgery Market CAGR of 10.07% during 2016-2020: Industry Analysis, Geographical Segmentation, Drivers, Challenges, Trend & Forecasts Next PostNext Public Invited to Plan Bay Area 2040 Public Hearings in San José and Vallejo Search Recent Posts Lash Stuff Announces It Will Offer Eyelash Extension Training Courses At No-Cost $54 Million Settlement Resolving Whistleblower Claims Against CareCore National LLC Announced Research and Markets – Global Automotive Variable Geometry Turbocharger Market to Grow at a CAGR of 21.49% by 2021: Key Vendors are BorgWarner, Cummins, Honeywell International, IHI & Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Election Integrity Commission Starts Down a Dangerous Path with Kris Kobach as Vice-Chair Trump Order Misses the Real Election Integrity Issue Voter Suppression RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Global Baby Sanitary products Market Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Baby Sanitary products Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. Baby Sanitary products market report analyses the market growth, Market trends, market overview & market forecast from 2017-2022. The process of Baby Sanitary products Industry is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. The Baby Sanitary products market report elaborates the industry overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Baby Sanitary products industry in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Any Query on Baby Sanitary products Market Report? Ask to our Expert @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10597855 Further in the Baby Sanitary products market report is examined for price, cost and gross margin. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The Baby Sanitary products market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Baby Sanitary products Market by Application: Household, Commercial Baby Sanitary products Market by Product Type: Disposable Diapers, Wipes, Others After the basic information, the Baby Sanitary products Market report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Baby Sanitary products market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Baby Sanitary products Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of major key players of Baby Sanitary products Industry: Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, AMD Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Nature Bumz Co. The Baby Sanitary products market report discovers for each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. In this Baby Sanitary products industry analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the Baby Sanitary products Market report. Get Sample PDF of report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10597855 Following are major Table of Content of Baby Sanitary products Market Report: Industry Overview of Baby Sanitary products., Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Baby Sanitary products market., Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis., Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Baby Sanitary products by Regions, Types and Manufacturers., Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Baby Sanitary products industry by Regions, Types and Applications., Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Baby Sanitary products Market., Major Manufacturers Analysis of Baby Sanitary products industry., Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Industry Chain Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Development Trend Analysis of Baby Sanitary products Market., New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Conclusion of the Baby Sanitary products Industry. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBaby Sanitary products Industry Share, Baby Sanitary products Industry Size, Baby Sanitary products Market Analysis, Baby Sanitary products Market Growth, Baby Sanitary products Market Research, Baby Sanitary products Market Trends, Consumer Goods Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Gynecology Robotic Surgery Market CAGR of 10.07% during 2016-2020: Industry Analysis, Geographical Segmentation, Drivers, Challenges, Trend & Forecasts Next PostNext Public Invited to Plan Bay Area 2040 Public Hearings in San José and Vallejo Posted on 12 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Global Baby Sanitary products Market Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Baby Sanitary products Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. Baby Sanitary products market report analyses the market growth, Market trends, market overview & market forecast from 2017-2022. The process of Baby Sanitary products Industry is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. The Baby Sanitary products market report elaborates the industry overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Baby Sanitary products industry in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Any Query on Baby Sanitary products Market Report? Ask to our Expert @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10597855 Further in the Baby Sanitary products market report is examined for price, cost and gross margin. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The Baby Sanitary products market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Baby Sanitary products Market by Application: Household, Commercial Baby Sanitary products Market by Product Type: Disposable Diapers, Wipes, Others After the basic information, the Baby Sanitary products Market report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Baby Sanitary products market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Baby Sanitary products Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of major key players of Baby Sanitary products Industry: Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, AMD Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Nature Bumz Co. The Baby Sanitary products market report discovers for each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. In this Baby Sanitary products industry analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the Baby Sanitary products Market report. Get Sample PDF of report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10597855 Following are major Table of Content of Baby Sanitary products Market Report: Industry Overview of Baby Sanitary products., Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Baby Sanitary products market., Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis., Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Baby Sanitary products by Regions, Types and Manufacturers., Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Baby Sanitary products industry by Regions, Types and Applications., Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Baby Sanitary products Market., Major Manufacturers Analysis of Baby Sanitary products industry., Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Industry Chain Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Development Trend Analysis of Baby Sanitary products Market., New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Baby Sanitary products., Conclusion of the Baby Sanitary products Industry. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBaby Sanitary products Industry Share, Baby Sanitary products Industry Size, Baby Sanitary products Market Analysis, Baby Sanitary products Market Growth, Baby Sanitary products Market Research, Baby Sanitary products Market Trends, Consumer Goods Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Gynecology Robotic Surgery Market CAGR of 10.07% during 2016-2020: Industry Analysis, Geographical Segmentation, Drivers, Challenges, Trend & Forecasts Next PostNext Public Invited to Plan Bay Area 2040 Public Hearings in San José and Vallejo Search Recent Posts Lash Stuff Announces It Will Offer Eyelash Extension Training Courses At No-Cost $54 Million Settlement Resolving Whistleblower Claims Against CareCore National LLC Announced Research and Markets – Global Automotive Variable Geometry Turbocharger Market to Grow at a CAGR of 21.49% by 2021: Key Vendors are BorgWarner, Cummins, Honeywell International, IHI & Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Election Integrity Commission Starts Down a Dangerous Path with Kris Kobach as Vice-Chair Trump Order Misses the Real Election Integrity Issue Voter Suppression RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Arun Patil World Tampons Market 2016-2020: Industry Consumption, Suppliers, Rivalry, Customers, Geography, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares & Forecast Global Tampons Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Tampons industry. The Tampons Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 5.87% during the years 2016-2020. Tampons Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Tampons market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Tampons Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10403256 Tampons Market Segmentation by: Product Type:  branded tampons, private-label tampons. The Tampons Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Increasing awareness among women about health and hygiene products. Challenges:  Safety concerns associated with tampon usage. Trends:  Increasing demand in emerging markets. Browse Detailed Information on Global Tampons Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10403256 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Tampons market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Tampons industry. Key Vendors:  Procter & Gamble, Unicharm, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget, Edgewell Personal Care Company, and many more. The Tampons Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $2500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10403256 The Tampons market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Tampons market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Tampons industry before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsTampons Industry, Tampons Industry growth, Tampons Market, Tampons Market analysis, Tampons Market Forecast, Tampons Market growth, Tampons Market Research, Tampons Market shares, Tampons Market trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cardior Pharmaceuticals raises €15 million and appoints CEO and CSO Next PostNext World Gastrointestinal Endoscopy Devices Market 2016-2020 Consumption, Suppliers, Industry Rivalry, New Entrant with facing Challenges, Regions, Trends, Drivers, & Forecast Search Recent Posts Orange County Training Launches DWI-Ignition Interlock Enforcement Initiative Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy. Tonight Cloudy. Low 57F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 11, 2017 @ 5:34 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Is it Groundhog Day for stocks? BY JIM GALLAGHER • jimgallagher@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8390 Jim Gallagher Jun 10, 2012 (…) Did somebody hit rewind? Investors might think so. Last summer, we had a European debt crisis, worries over the U.S. economy and fear that stubbornness in Washington might cause America to default on its debt. The stock market tanked by 19 percent. Now we have the euro mess back again, worse this time, plus some weak American economic numbers and concern that chicken-playing politicians in D.C. might drive us off the fiscal and tax cliff at year end. The stock market is down again, by 7 percent since April. So, if we’re reliving the past, can we expect another fine upward zoom in stocks like we saw last fall and winter? Or will the Europeans keep dithering until their banking system explodes, sending a fright through world markets and our stock investments down the tubes? The answer depends on how you invest. So let’s look at the possibilities. First the upside: American corporate profits are still growing. The U.S. economy is in better shape than last summer, and may doing better than recent numbers make it seem. For instance, observers have been crying over the addition of only 69,000 new jobs in May. That’s the number adjusted for seasonal changes. But the unadjusted number was 789,000 new jobs, notes James Bullard, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Bullard thinks seasonal adjustment calculations may have been thrown out of whack by the great job collapse after the financial crisis, meaning the job situation may be brighter than it looks. Speaking to a Bipartisan Policy Center conference in St. Louis last week, Bullard said recent weaker numbers on jobs and production justify little change in the forecast. He still expects “sluggish growth modestly improving over the year.” The euro zone, meanwhile, has enough money to solve its debt mess if only the rich north would insure the sick south. With the chance of a meltdown staring at them, politicians are being dragged in the right direction, but slowly. Bullard thinks they’ll escape a credit-freezing collapse. “I do not think it will end with a bang. It more likely will end with a whimper,” he says. If you’re an optimist, listen to Bob Jones, president of Central Trust Co. in Clayton. He expects stocks to be “messy” for the rest of the year, but thinks happier days are coming. He’s buying emerging market stocks, which have taken a 15 percent drubbing since March. The euro mess, plus slowing growth in China, has sent money fleeing of developing nations toward investments perceived safer. That’s a buying opportunity, Jones says. People assumed that if the euro is in trouble, developing countries that sell goods to Europe also must suffer, and that’s not necessarily true. “There’s somewhat of a baby and bathwater effect with Europe, he says. He also likes big American companies with strong balance sheets and sales in emerging markets, which are still growing faster than the first world. Consider Coca Cola, Yum Brands (think KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell) and Procter & Gamble, he says. U.S. Treasury interest rates have been beaten down as frightened money from abroad flees to the dollar. That makes American junk bond funds more attractive. The higher yield is the main draw, of course, but Jones notes that an improving American economy means lower defaults among the shaky companies issuing the bonds. He also likes emerging markets debt, again for higher yields, and because credit quality is actually improving. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Gloomier sorts might pay attention to Clayton money manager Charles Rice of Rice Money Managers. He sees major trouble overseas and a rough time for U.S. stocks. “They’ll figure out a way to keep Spain afloat through another summer of crisis,” he says, but the euro is in for a nasty reckoning eventually. “It may be best to keep your money safe and not try to play this,” he says. Hunker down in short-term bond funds for part of your investments. Inch out into longer duration bond funds, but use a well reputed manager such as the Pimco or Doubleline mutual fund families. “If you’re going to do stocks, do very conservative stocks,” Rice says. He likes U.S. utilities and consumer staples. Stay away from foreign stocks and American companies with lots of exposure overseas, he says, which rules out many big domestic firms. If you have many, many years until you need your money, anything that happens this year will be just a blip on a long investment chart. With that in mind, Chris Lissner, president of Acropolis Investment Mangement in Chesterfield, believes in following a long term plan. Figure an asset allocation — so much in stocks, so much in bonds etc. — then rebalance as one class goes up and another down. Right now, that has him buying beat-up foreign stocks, both in developed and emerging markets. The strategy is designed so that you sell investments when they’re up and buy when they’re down, no matter how scary the down side looks. “Having studied past crises, we’ve learned that, despite what your emotion and intuition will tell you, you should be buying when something goes down,” says Lissner. “This is not the end of the world.” Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Europe and China worries lead to third straight mid-year slump Economists say gasoline prices and housing market are bright spots, though Tags Chris Lissner Charles Rice Rice Money Managers James Bullard Federal Reserve Bank Of St. Louis Bipartisan Policy Center Bob Jones Central Trust Co. Finance Commerce Emerging Market Economics Jim Gallagher Follow Jim Gallagher Close Get email notifications on Jim Gallagher daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jim Gallagher posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jim Gallagher Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular If you have a minor health problem, don't expect Anthem to pay for your ER visit Camping World CEO says Gander Mountain made a bad bet on guns Doughnuts are on a global rampage, and they must be stopped $110 million verdict for plaintiff in fifth talcum powder cancer trial in St. Louis Camping World CEO releases list of Gander Mountains that will remain open Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Forward Through Ferguson: Civic Progress awards $650,000 to youth programs Wells Fargo management unveils $2 billion in new cost cuts Retail stocks hit as Macy's and Kohl's results disappoint Disappointing retail earnings drag on U.S. stocks; oil rises Judge approves emissions-cheating settlement for 3-liter VWs Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ASL Productions – Boutique Content Producer Stays Small, Competes Big ASL Productions – Boutique Content Producer Stays Small, Competes Big ASL Productions is a boutique content production house with headquarters in NYC and locations in LA, South Florida, and New Jersey. ASL productions logo Online PR News – 11-May-2017 – NYC, NY – As the largest ad agencies continue to shrink, ASL Productions, a boutique content production house headquartered in New York City’s West Village, has begun to thrive. Agility, resourcefulness and consistent attention to quality make this small production company stand out in an industry where the democratization of content creation, big-firm bureaucracy, and a trend among companies to create in-house, have increasingly threatened the largest creative agencies. “I realized working on the agency side, that there was demand among large corporations and creative agencies for a fast, reliable, and inexpensive external production vender,” remembers ASL’s executive producer Adam Lebenstein. “Producers at these larger companies have to compete with other verticals for internal resources. I started ASL to serve that demand; to help marginalized teams at large companies create beautiful, impactful content for clients on time and budget constraints, and it’s taken off the last couple years.” While ASL experiences unprecedented growth, their largest competitors see a tough road ahead. Last year, Publicis effected a companywide restructuring and consolidation plan in light of continued struggles following its failure to complete a merger with Omnicom Group Inc. in 2014—struggles exacerbated by a loss of business from Proctor & Gamble, Coca-Cola and Wal-Mart (see Publicis Restructures Media Agencies and Consolidates Ad Buying Power by Suzanne Vranica, wsj.com, 3/9/16). Ogilvy & Mather also announced a plan to consolidate all its brands into a single company this year (see Ogilvy Consolidates All Agencies Under One P&L, by I-Hsien Sherwood and Steve Barrett, prweek.com, 1/27/17), and TBWA/Media Arts Lab experienced layoffs, and a deeper integration with sister company OMD, after longstanding client Apple cut its spending with the agency. Apple has increasingly produced its campaigns in-house (see Global Restructuring at TBWA/Media Art Lab as Apple Shifts Toward Digital, Regional Work by Patrick Coffee, adweek.com, 2/17/17). Having always emphasized the quality of its productions (regardless of project and budget), ASL was poised to benefit from the volatility plaguing industry veterans. And having worked “in the trenches” for years, as Lebenstein puts it, they have taken well to a wide range of projects and styles—from agency-directed commercials, to corporate conference videos, to animations. Digital media trends are attributed with much of the media industry’s disruption, and those trends have likewise contributed to the rise of boutique content producers like ASL. “Lately, the majority of the content we produce ends up online; on social channels,” says Lebenstein. “Our clients, both big and small, love that we can produce television-quality campaigns on tight budgets for social media. We’re in a real sweet-spot.” Visit Our Site CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness/Entertainment/Event/Lifestyle/Multimedia/Music Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Ophthalmics Partnering 2010 – 2017: Deal trends, players and financials Next PostNext Readout of Secretary Mattis’ Meeting with Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım Search Recent Posts Lubrizol Announces Participation in Chinaplas 2017 San Jose CA Metal Roofing & Copper Sheet & Gutter Firm Announce Distributorship Gardner Denver Announces Pricing of its Initial Public Offering Intermountain Precision Genomics Announces Cancer Test That Requires Less DNA Digital Fuel Hires Peter Singh to Lead EMEA Sales Efforts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About Testimonials News Widget Guidelines Syndicate faq Blog Contact     ASL Productions - Boutique Content Producer Stays Small, Competes Big ASL Productions is a boutique content production house with headquarters in NYC and locations in LA, South Florida, and New Jersey. ASL productions logo Online PR News – 11-May-2017 – NYC, NY – As the largest ad agencies continue to shrink, ASL Productions, a boutique content production house headquartered in New York City’s West Village, has begun to thrive. Agility, resourcefulness and consistent attention to quality make this small production company stand out in an industry where the democratization of content creation, big-firm bureaucracy, and a trend among companies to create in-house, have increasingly threatened the largest creative agencies. “I realized working on the agency side, that there was demand among large corporations and creative agencies for a fast, reliable, and inexpensive external production vender,” remembers ASL’s executive producer Adam Lebenstein. “Producers at these larger companies have to compete with other verticals for internal resources. I started ASL to serve that demand; to help marginalized teams at large companies create beautiful, impactful content for clients on time and budget constraints, and it’s taken off the last couple years.” While ASL experiences unprecedented growth, their largest competitors see a tough road ahead. Last year, Publicis effected a companywide restructuring and consolidation plan in light of continued struggles following its failure to complete a merger with Omnicom Group Inc. in 2014—struggles exacerbated by a loss of business from Proctor & Gamble, Coca-Cola and Wal-Mart (see Publicis Restructures Media Agencies and Consolidates Ad Buying Power by Suzanne Vranica, wsj.com, 3/9/16). Ogilvy & Mather also announced a plan to consolidate all its brands into a single company this year (see Ogilvy Consolidates All Agencies Under One P&L, by I-Hsien Sherwood and Steve Barrett, prweek.com, 1/27/17), and TBWA/Media Arts Lab experienced layoffs, and a deeper integration with sister company OMD, after longstanding client Apple cut its spending with the agency. Apple has increasingly produced its campaigns in-house (see Global Restructuring at TBWA/Media Art Lab as Apple Shifts Toward Digital, Regional Work by Patrick Coffee, adweek.com, 2/17/17). Having always emphasized the quality of its productions (regardless of project and budget), ASL was poised to benefit from the volatility plaguing industry veterans. And having worked “in the trenches” for years, as Lebenstein puts it, they have taken well to a wide range of projects and styles—from agency-directed commercials, to corporate conference videos, to animations. Digital media trends are attributed with much of the media industry’s disruption, and those trends have likewise contributed to the rise of boutique content producers like ASL. “Lately, the majority of the content we produce ends up online; on social channels,” says Lebenstein. “Our clients, both big and small, love that we can produce television-quality campaigns on tight budgets for social media. We’re in a real sweet-spot.” Visit Our Site Bookmarks     Contact Information Jordan Farber ASL Productions 110 Bank St #3d, NY NY, 10014 347-342-1252 http://www.aslproductions.com HOME | ABOUT | Publicity Marketing | How To Write A Press Release | SUBMISSION guidelines | RESOURCES | CONTACT Copyright 2010 Online PR Media Copyright 2017 Online PR Media | 507 Casazza Dr Ste A, Reno, NV 89502
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan The Brave Ones Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart 11 Hours AgoReuters SHARES Nandita Bose | Reuters A lady shops at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton, Illinois. German grocery chain Aldi is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi's internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. show chapters Wal-Mart is going to start offering discounts on in-store pick ups    Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 9:03 AM ET | 00:51 Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click [L1N1IC270] Goal: Everyday low pricing Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. show chapters Barclays analyst: Wal-Mart has advantage where Amazon is still struggling to figure out    Wednesday, 19 Apr 2017 | 1:32 PM ET | 02:28 Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. Stepping up the game Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. Watch: Amazon fires back at Wal-Mart, slashes free-shipping threshold show chapters Amazon fires back at Wal-Mart by slashing free-shipping threshold    Tuesday, 9 May 2017 | 1:41 PM ET | 00:36 Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PG --- AMZN --- WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hair Brush Market Continues To Expand With Introduction Of Innovative Connected Products – Credence Research Credenceresearch.com include new market research report “Hair Brush Market Continues To Expand With Introduction Of Innovative Connected Products – Credence Research” to its huge collection of research reports. According to a new market research report published by Credence Research “Hair Brush Market (By Product Type– Paddle Hairbrush, Radial/Round Hairbrush, Cushion, Vented Hairbrush and Others; By Application: Human Use (Personal and Professional) and Animal Use) – Growth, Future Prospects, Competitive Analysis and Forecast 2017 – 2025”, the global hair brush market is expected to significant growth due to increasing adoption of high-end smart hairbrushes across the world The complete report is available at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hair-brush-market Market Insights Factors such as rising consumer awareness towards hair hygiene and rising disposable incomes have led to the growing adoption of high quality hair care products across the world. Healthcare benefits such as effective scalp treatment and hair smoothening have further compelled the adoption of hairbrushes among both male and female customers. Moreover, continuous introduction of new and innovative products by leading manufacturers of beauty products have resulted in a shortened buying cycle for various hair care products. Numerous high end providers of hair hygiene products including brushes make use of different sales channels such as specialty salons, TV shows and celebrity endorsements in order to gain higher popularity for their latest products. On account of shifting consumer preferences and supply of advanced products, the market is expected to witness an increasing demand in the high-end luxury product segment. Thereby, the overall hairbrush market is expected to witness continued growth during the forecast period. The complete report is available at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hair-brush-market Competitive Insights: The global hair brush market is fairly consolidated with few of the leading providers of hair brushes attributing to major share of the overall hair brushes market globally. Some of the leading hair brush manufacturers included Conair Group Ltd., Procter & Gamble Company, Kent & Sons Plc., L’Oreal Group, Helen of Troy Limited, Tangle Teezer Limited, Ibiza Hair, Inc., Denman International Ltd., Mason Pearson Bros. Ltd. and Spornette International, Inc. These leading global players face immense competition from numerous local manufacturers providing simplistic and cheaper products. However, with rising middle class across the world and increasing consumer spending towards hair hygiene, the leading companies are expected to witness and increase in their consumer base during the forecast period. Key Trends: Introduction of smart hair brushes which make use of various sensing technologies to record and analyze parameters on smartphone applications Growing demand for high-end products in the animal use segment Market primarily driven by the professionals segment with enhanced endorsements at specialty salons Related Reports: Air Quality Monitoring Equipment Market Mobile TV Market About Credence Research: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Blog URL – http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/5355/hair-brush-market-continues-expand-introduction-innovative-connected-products-credence-research/ Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hair-brush-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Marketing & Sales, Services, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Microfluidics Market : Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2017 – 2025 Next PostNext Global Tissue Banking Industry Trends and key Insights by 2024 Search Recent Posts Cypress Energy Partners, L.P. Announces First Quarter 2017 Results CORRECTION – Weight Loss Surgeon in Dallas Explains the Necessity of Thorough Pre- and Post-Surgical Care Services AgreeYa to Showcase Cogent Software at Spring NARCA Conference Canada’s unions host a Street Party for a #FairFuture in Toronto Vanstar to Extend Warrants RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Accellion and PacketZoom Announce Development Partnership With file sizes continuing to grow, both companies will focus on optimizing and accelerating delivery of content to mobile devices used for enterprise collaboration PALO ALTO and SAN MATEO, Calif., May 11, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Accellion, Inc., the leading provider in hybrid and private cloud secure content collaboration, and PacketZoom, a leader in mobile application acceleration, today announced they have entered into a development partnership. Under the terms of the agreement, the companies will work together to optimize performance models when sharing and editing large files, further enhancing the performance of Accellion’s kiteworks mobile application. As enterprise content continues to increase in size, spurred in part by the emergence of richer content types including high resolution images and video, a growing mobile workforce will place demands on file sharing applications to deliver content quickly. Documents, spreadsheets, presentations, images, videos and other file formats can range from several megabytes to gigabytes in size, and employee efficiency when collaborating on information with partners or clients will require faster network performance – particularly when using a smartphone or tablet. To stay ahead of this trend, Accellion has identified PacketZoom’s technology as an innovative approach to significantly accelerate content download speeds. Accellion and PacketZoom are currently testing PacketZoom’s Mobile Expresslane solution, integrated with Accellion’s kiteworks mobile application. Accellion anticipates being able to double download speeds using kiteworks’ mobile application once a version incorporating PacketZoom is available, which is expected in an upcoming release. “By reducing round trips over high latency and error prone mobile/Wi-Fi connections, Accellion sees in PacketZoom’s technology the means to transmit data and content from the origin server much faster and much more reliably than with legacy network based stacks,” commented Cliff White, CTO of Accellion. “PacketZoom’s network analytics should also provide great value to kiteworks and our customers by giving insights into how end users are interacting with content.” “Organizations are generating more content than ever, and the demand to share and collaborate efficiently on that content with external partners is increasing as well,” commented Jonathan Yaron, Chairman and CEO of Accellion. “By accelerating download speeds at the last mile, PacketZoom and Accellion are developing an innovative solution that addresses the challenges of delivering larger files, such as medical images for collaborative healthcare, or big data sets for financial analysis. PacketZoom’s vision – and the talented team they have assembled to execute on this vision – is just the kind of development partnership Accellion looks for to enhance our products and serve our customers’ needs. Together, I anticipate we will be able to significantly improve how enterprise employees share richer content and collaborate more effectively.” “We are excited about this partnership and look forward to working closely with Accellion to enhance the mobile enterprise experience, especially with regards to improving file download speeds and continuity,” stated Shlomi Gian, PacketZoom’s CEO. “Organizations in regulated industries that rely on kiteworks for secure collaboration while on the go, will be able to exchange data even faster, in a reliable way, thanks to the integration of PacketZoom Mobile Expresslane.” About Accellion Accellion, Inc. enables enterprise organizations to collaborate on content with external partners securely via private cloud. Enterprises can leave existing content where it belongs, and extend it to the outside world without having to migrate content or disrupt their business workflows. Accellion’s solutions are used by more than 15 million users and 2,500 of the world’s leading corporations and government agencies including Procter & Gamble; KPMG; Kaiser Permanente; Latham & Watkins; National Park Service; Umpqua Bank; Cargill; and the National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST). For more information please visit www.accellion.com or call (650) 485-4300. Follow Accellion on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, and Accellion’s Blog. About PacketZoom PacketZoom Mobile ExpresslaneTM improves user experience on mobile apps by eliminating performance roadblocks in the mobile last mile, helping mobile publishers boost app performance worldwide by accelerating and improving reliability of content delivery. PacketZoom’s SDK redefines mobile performance via in-app networking technology, customized for each user. By removing roadblocks in the mobile last mile, PacketZoom is able to significantly accelerate performance by 2x to 3x, rescue up to 80% of the sessions from TCP connection drop and reduce CDN costs. For more information: www.packetzoom.com. 
Media Relations:
                    For Accellion:
                    Rachel Kaseroff
                    RJK Communications
                    (415) 341-5625
                    Rachel@RJKCommunications.net
                    
                    For PacketZoom:
                    Matt McAllister 
                    Fluid PR & Communications
                    (510) 229-9707
                    matt@fluidspeak.com
 /EIN News/ — CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ProSe (Proximity Services) for LTE & 5G Networks 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 55% and Forecast to 2030 Next PostNext Federal Open Market Committee announces its tentative meeting schedule for 2018 Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
null
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Friday, May 12, 2017Switch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics Kapil Mishra's mother writes to Kejriwal, accuses him of spreading lies against sacked Delhi minister Opposition joining hands on presidential poll issue to fight for their own existence, says Kailash Vijayvargiya EC's all-party meet on EVMs begins: Poll panel to reassure parties that voting machines can't be tampered with EC holds all-party meet to decide on EVMs: Here's why Congress, Opposition parties may lose out BJP to launch 'sanvad yatra' in Maharashtra from 25 May Congress, Shiv Sena hold protests in Jammu against ceasefire violations by Pakistan Sports Europa League: Manchester United's foray into final shows they have rediscovered European pedigree IPL 2017: Wriddhiman Saha’s power-hitting, KXIP's spin attack clinch thriller against MI Madrid Masters: Andy Murray bows out as Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic march on In uncertain H1-B times, US firm targets Indians with EB5 - the 'Golden Visa' Europa League: Peter Bosz’s Ajax have gone a long way in restoring proud heritage of Johan Cruyff’s club Premier League: Zlatan Ibrahimovic's surgeon says Manchester United striker will play for 'many years' India India's first uterine transplant to take place on 18 May: Baroda woman to receive womb from mother Opposition joining hands on presidential poll issue to fight for their own existence, says Kailash Vijayvargiya Madhya Pradesh Class X 2017 board exam results declared: You can check your grades on www.mpbse.nic.in After triple talaq hearings, Supreme Court to hear plea against making Aadhaar card mandatory for availing schemes EC holds all-party meet to decide on EVMs: Here's why Congress, Opposition parties may lose out Narendra Modi meets Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena, discusses bilateral ties World Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif to travel to China to attend One Belt One Road Conference UK opposition Labour party's manifesto leaked to media, proposes nationalisation of Railways, Royal Mail Sri Lanka rejects China's request to dock submarine in Colombo: Strategic realignment or a one-off? After Donald Trump's NBC interview, White House says former FBI chief James Comey was 'not up to the task' Donald Trump denies he's against legal immigration, says he wants to put a 'merit-based' system in place H1-B: Trump says he wants to stop illegal immigration, move to merit-based system Business 4.500 Maharashtra petrol pumps to remain shut Sundays, one-shift on weekdays Arvind Subramanian slams rating agencies for 'poor standards': Full text of his speech In uncertain H1-B times, US firm targets Indians with EB5 - the 'Golden Visa' Employee 'layoffs': Cognizant seeks 2 weeks from Telangana to reply to IT staff forum's charges Arvind Subramanian tells experts: Don't fall over backwards to justify official lines Sensex, Nifty rally continues on robust fund inflows, macro data hopes Life Mother's Day: Try your hand at these dishes, to give your mom the feast that she deserves Indian-origin scientist develops artificial bone tissues, may help simplify transplant procedure Space travel may reduce astronauts' exercise capacity due to change in cardiovascular function Bill Clinton, James Patterson co-writing a thriller called 'The President is Missing' On Rabindra Jayanti, a plea for recovering our civilisational inheritance Fossils suggest hominids may have lived alongside modern humans: New research Entertainment Udhayanidhi Stalin: I try to avoid sexism in my films Meri Pyaari Bindu LIVE movie review: Parineeti Chopra, Ayushmann Khurrana in a charming romcom Sushant Singh Rajput teams up with Udta Punjab director Abhishek Chaubey for dacoit film After Baahubali 2: The Conclusion, Dangal to be next Indian film to cross Rs 1000 cr worldwide? Watch: Shah Rukh Khan's full TED Talk is witty yet simple, just like the superstar Sarkar 3 movie review: Amitabh Bachchan-Ram Gopal Varma magic goes missing Photos Videos TECH2 हिंदी IPL 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart | Reuters EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 11 2017 22:18:25 IST #Reuters By Nandita Bose | WHEATON, Ill. WHEATON, Ill. German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices.Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward.His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed."We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts.Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0YPrice wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors."Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click [L1N1IC270] GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said.Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels.That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment.But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time."Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger.STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores.For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 11, 2017 10:18 pm | Updated Date: May 11, 2017 10:18 pm Also See Friendly fire may have killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan - Pentagon | Reuters Trump aims to expand U.S. offshore drilling, despite low industry demand | Reuters U.S. says failure to act on North Korea could be catastrophic | Reuters Wall Street slightly lower as weak GDP data weighs | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 12 DD Vs RPS 2 May 13 GL Vs SRH 3 May 13 KKR Vs MI 4 May 14 RPS Vs KXIP 5 May 14 DD Vs RCB Full Schedule Top Stories EC holds all-party meet to decide on EVMs: Here's why Congress, Opposition parties may lose out 'If Planes Can Have Lal Batti, Why Not My Car': Bengal Cleric's Bizarre Defence Meri Pyaari Bindu LIVE movie review: Parineeti Chopra, Ayushmann Khurrana in a charming romcom Ummer Fayaz killing: BJP govt must provide army in Kashmir with more teeth and seek to pacify youths This is how the Indian second home market got impacted due to demonetization IPL 2017: Mumbai Indians' valiance in loss to Kings XI Punjab papers over middle-order woes Sri Lanka rejects China's request to dock submarine in Colombo: Strategic realignment or a one-off? Arvind Subramanian's searing criticism: Why do we take rating agencies seriously at all? Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs PUN Kings XI Punjab beat Mumbai Indians by 7 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs DEL Delhi Daredevils beat Gujarat Lions by 2 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs KOL Kings XI Punjab beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 14 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs MUM Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Mumbai Indians by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Kings XI Punjab by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 6 wickets Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs IRE England beat Ireland by 85 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 146 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 12 runs Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs BAN - May 12th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs PNE - May 12th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs HYD - May 13th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs MUM - May 13th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs NZ - May 14th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs PUN - May 14th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs BLR - May 14th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 TBC vs TBC - May 16th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN vs NZ - May 17th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 TBC vs TBC - May 17th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST 1EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart | Reuters 2Asian shares edge up, on track for winning week | Reuters 3Mutual funds lose, short-sellers win on Snap trades | Reuters 4Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery | Reuters 5Union workers ratify ArcelorMittal Quebec mine contract | Reuters More Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Results - Live Counting Delhi MCD Elections 2017 ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This German grocery store chain is waging all-out war against Walmart Nandita Bose, Reuters May 11, 2017, 9:28 AM 2,200 facebook linkedin twitter email print Business Insider/Hayley Peterson German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click  GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger sayAldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categoriesAldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: NOW WATCH: Everything you need to know about Echo Look — Amazon's new device that will judge the way you dress Loading video... More: Aldi Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This German grocery store chain is waging all-out war against Walmart This German grocery store chain is waging all-out war against Walmart German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Complete Mother’s Day with a Gift from Braun The Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun provides permanent hair reduction with an Intense Pulsed Light (IPL) system that reads and adapts to your skin. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? The Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun provides permanent hair reduction with an Intense Pulsed Light (IPL) system that reads and adapts to your skin. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The Braun Silk-épil 3-270 is the most lightweight epilator in the Braun Collection. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The Braun Silk-épil 9-961V SkinSpa provides mom with state of the art epilation, exfoliation and massage technologies. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Mom can comfortably and confidently remove hair in the bath or shower with the Braun Silk-épil 7-561. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 11, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mother’s Day is the perfect occasion to pamper mom with a gift that shows you’ve been listening to her every need. With a gift from Braun, mom can treat herself to beautiful, flawless skin and smooth results every day. From advanced epilation systems and high-tech massage rollers, Braun offers products for every mother’s unique beauty needs. Braun specializes in harmonizing design and function to deliver precise results, whether it is long-lasting smooth skin or the luxurious at-home hair removal. Complete with intuitive technology, mom can enjoy long-lasting skin care results, leaving her more time for moments she loves. FOR HER Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun This gift marks a milestone in IPL hair removal systems – making it perfectly suited for the tech-savvy or beauty-obsessed mom. FDA-approved to use on face and body, the Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun uses intense-pulsed light to significantly reduce hair growth after just four weekly treatments. Its advanced SensoAdapt™ technology continuously ‘reads’ mom’s skin tone to automatically adapt light intensity so she’ll receive the best possible results every time! Available at select online and in-store retailers (MSRP: $399). Braun Silk-épil 9-961V SkinSpa With the best 2-in-1 epilation and exfoliation system in the world, the new Braun Silk-épil 9-961V features a Deep Massage Body pad that intensively massages to stimulate blood circulation, leaving skin feeling soft and visibly smoother. This state of the art epilation, exfoliation and massage system means that glowing skin is always at mom’s fingertips for salon-smooth skin at home. Cordless Wet & Dry use grants the flexibility a busy mom needs in this day and age. Available at select online retailers (MSRP: $150). Braun Silk-épil 7-561 Introduce mom to the luxury of up to four weeks of smooth skin with the Braun Silk-épil 7-561. With close-grip technology, a high-frequency massage system, and a 40-tweezer system with close-grip technology, mom can gently remove hair as short as 0.5 mm from the root—so no more in-between days! One-hundred percent waterproof, the Braun Silk-épil 7-561 allows mom to comfortably and confidently remove hair in the bath or shower. Available at select online retailers (MSRP: $115). Braun Silk-épil 3-270 Leg and Body Epilator and Shaver Mom will never have to worry about missing a hair again with the Silk-épil 3-270, the most lightweight epilator in the Braun collection. With a unique Smartlight, it’s easy to reveal even the finest hairs with this convenient epilator. Combining massage rollers and an efficient 20-tweezer system, mom can gently and comfortably enjoy beautifully smooth skin for weeks. Available at select online retailers (MSRP: $40-$45). About Braun Braun, a subsidiary of Procter & Gamble founded in Germany in 1921, develops and manufactures a wide variety of small domestic appliances that marry technical innovation, reliable quality and distinctive design. These range from electric shavers and beauty products to hair care appliances. Braun products enjoy worldwide distribution. Please visit https://goo.gl/HGhtnj for the latest news and in-depth information about the Braun brand. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts MMK+ Claudette Sariya, 212-485-6864 csariya@hellommc.com or Procter & Gamble Paola Mulas mulas.p@pg.com Release Summary Complete Mother’s Day with a Gift from Braun and give the gift of beautiful, flawless skin and smooth results every day. Contacts MMK+ Claudette Sariya, 212-485-6864 csariya@hellommc.com or Procter & Gamble Paola Mulas mulas.p@pg.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Complete Mother’s Day with a Gift from Braun CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Mother’s Day is the perfect occasion to pamper mom with a gift that shows you’ve been listening to her every need. With a gift from Braun, mom can treat herself to beautiful, flawless skin and smooth results every day. From advanced epilation systems and high-tech massage rollers, Braun offers products for every mother’s unique beauty needs. Braun specializes in harmonizing design and function to deliver precise results, whether it is long-lasting smooth skin or the luxurious at-home hair removal. Complete with intuitive technology, mom can enjoy long-lasting skin care results, leaving her more time for moments she loves. FOR HER Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun This gift marks a milestone in IPL hair removal systems – making it perfectly suited for the tech-savvy or beauty-obsessed mom. FDA-approved to use on face and body, the Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun uses intense-pulsed light to significantly reduce hair growth after just four weekly treatments. Its advanced SensoAdapt™ technology continuously ‘reads’ mom’s skin tone to automatically adapt light intensity so she’ll receive the best possible results every time! Available at select online and in-store retailers (MSRP: $399). Braun Silk-épil 9-961V SkinSpa With the best 2-in-1 epilation and exfoliation system in the world, the new Braun Silk-épil 9-961V features a Deep Massage Body pad that intensively massages to stimulate blood circulation, leaving skin feeling soft and visibly smoother. This state of the art epilation, exfoliation and massage system means that glowing skin is always at mom’s fingertips for salon-smooth skin at home. Cordless Wet & Dry use grants the flexibility a busy mom needs in this day and age. Available at select online retailers (MSRP: $150). Braun Silk-épil 7-561 Introduce mom to the luxury of up to four weeks of smooth skin with the Braun Silk-épil 7-561. With close-grip technology, a high-frequency massage system, and a 40-tweezer system with close-grip technology, mom can gently remove hair as short as 0.5 mm from the root—so no more in-between days! One-hundred percent waterproof, the Braun Silk-épil 7-561 allows mom to comfortably and confidently remove hair in the bath or shower. Available at select online retailers (MSRP: $115). Braun Silk-épil 3-270 Leg and Body Epilator and Shaver Mom will never have to worry about missing a hair again with the Silk-épil 3-270, the most lightweight epilator in the Braun collection. With a unique Smartlight, it’s easy to reveal even the finest hairs with this convenient epilator. Combining massage rollers and an efficient 20-tweezer system, mom can gently and comfortably enjoy beautifully smooth skin for weeks. Available at select online retailers (MSRP: $40-$45). About Braun Braun, a subsidiary of Procter & Gamble founded in Germany in 1921, develops and manufactures a wide variety of small domestic appliances that marry technical innovation, reliable quality and distinctive design. These range from electric shavers and beauty products to hair care appliances. Braun products enjoy worldwide distribution. Please visit https://goo.gl/HGhtnj for the latest news and in-depth information about the Braun brand. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Quick-Thinking Baltimore Resident uses ADT Panic Response to Save Life Next PostNext Nutrisystem Named Customer Service Department of the Year for the Second Consecutive Year Search Recent Posts A new car loans bank has been set up to exclusively help people who have found it difficult to obtain financing for their new car purchase. Purseat launches Kickstarter Campaign to introduce a 4-in-1 Solution for Traveling Families Worldwide Juggler Playing Cards are the Ultimate Playing Cards: Now Seeking Support on Kickstarter Modulus Global Announces M5 Trading Platform Launch, Offers Clients Protection from Fintech Patent Violations Leadership Academy for Excellence in Disability Services Class Graduates RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Complete Mother’s Day with a Gift from Braun The Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun provides permanent hair reduction with an Intense Pulsed Light (IPL) system that reads and adapts to your skin. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? The Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun provides permanent hair reduction with an Intense Pulsed Light (IPL) system that reads and adapts to your skin. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The Braun Silk-épil 3-270 is the most lightweight epilator in the Braun Collection. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The Braun Silk-épil 9-961V SkinSpa provides mom with state of the art epilation, exfoliation and massage technologies. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Mom can comfortably and confidently remove hair in the bath or shower with the Braun Silk-épil 7-561. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 11, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mother’s Day is the perfect occasion to pamper mom with a gift that shows you’ve been listening to her every need. With a gift from Braun, mom can treat herself to beautiful, flawless skin and smooth results every day. From advanced epilation systems and high-tech massage rollers, Braun offers products for every mother’s unique beauty needs. Braun specializes in harmonizing design and function to deliver precise results, whether it is long-lasting smooth skin or the luxurious at-home hair removal. Complete with intuitive technology, mom can enjoy long-lasting skin care results, leaving her more time for moments she loves. FOR HER Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun This gift marks a milestone in IPL hair removal systems – making it perfectly suited for the tech-savvy or beauty-obsessed mom. FDA-approved to use on face and body, the Venus Silk-expert IPL powered by Braun uses intense-pulsed light to significantly reduce hair growth after just four weekly treatments. Its advanced SensoAdapt™ technology continuously ‘reads’ mom’s skin tone to automatically adapt light intensity so she’ll receive the best possible results every time! Available at select online and in-store retailers (MSRP: $399). Braun Silk-épil 9-961V SkinSpa With the best 2-in-1 epilation and exfoliation system in the world, the new Braun Silk-épil 9-961V features a Deep Massage Body pad that intensively massages to stimulate blood circulation, leaving skin feeling soft and visibly smoother. This state of the art epilation, exfoliation and massage system means that glowing skin is always at mom’s fingertips for salon-smooth skin at home. Cordless Wet & Dry use grants the flexibility a busy mom needs in this day and age. Available at select online retailers (MSRP: $150). Braun Silk-épil 7-561 Introduce mom to the luxury of up to four weeks of smooth skin with the Braun Silk-épil 7-561. With close-grip technology, a high-frequency massage system, and a 40-tweezer system with close-grip technology, mom can gently remove hair as short as 0.5 mm from the root—so no more in-between days! One-hundred percent waterproof, the Braun Silk-épil 7-561 allows mom to comfortably and confidently remove hair in the bath or shower. Available at select online retailers (MSRP: $115). Braun Silk-épil 3-270 Leg and Body Epilator and Shaver Mom will never have to worry about missing a hair again with the Silk-épil 3-270, the most lightweight epilator in the Braun collection. With a unique Smartlight, it’s easy to reveal even the finest hairs with this convenient epilator. Combining massage rollers and an efficient 20-tweezer system, mom can gently and comfortably enjoy beautifully smooth skin for weeks. Available at select online retailers (MSRP: $40-$45). About Braun Braun, a subsidiary of Procter & Gamble founded in Germany in 1921, develops and manufactures a wide variety of small domestic appliances that marry technical innovation, reliable quality and distinctive design. These range from electric shavers and beauty products to hair care appliances. Braun products enjoy worldwide distribution. Please visit https://goo.gl/HGhtnj for the latest news and in-depth information about the Braun brand. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts MMK+ Claudette Sariya, 212-485-6864 csariya@hellommc.com or Procter & Gamble Paola Mulas mulas.p@pg.com Release Summary Complete Mother’s Day with a Gift from Braun and give the gift of beautiful, flawless skin and smooth results every day. Contacts MMK+ Claudette Sariya, 212-485-6864 csariya@hellommc.com or Procter & Gamble Paola Mulas mulas.p@pg.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Thu May 11, 2017 | 6:09pm IST EXCLUSIVE: Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart A company logo is pictured outside a branch of an Aldi supermarket in Manchester, Britain, March 17, 2016. REUTERS/Phil Noble/File Photo By Nandita Bose | WHEATON, Ill. WHEATON, Ill. German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click [L1N1IC270] GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News SBI Life set to hire eight banks for up to $1 billion IPO MUMBAI SBI Life Insurance Co Ltd is set to hire eight banks including Citigroup, Deutsche Bank and BNP Paribas to manage its up to $1 billion initial public offering of shares, IFR reported on Friday, citing three sources with knowledge of the deal. Analysis - China, India plans for electric cars threaten to cut petrol demand SINGAPORE/KUALA LUMPUR Demand for petrol in Asia may peak much earlier than expected as millions of people in China and India buy electric vehicles over the next decade, threatening wrenching change for the oil industry, oil and auto company executives warned. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Spontaneous protests wrongfoot police, loosening India's grip on Kashmir Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart Reuters By Nandita Bose 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Fund manager might save $835K on tax collector's typo BT cuts 4,000 jobs, CEO's pay after Italy accounting scandal Click to expand Replay Video Auto loan fraud on the rise FBN's Liz MacDonald breaks down the costs of auto loan fraud. Fox Business Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look For months, rumors have been circulating about what Apple will cram into the next iPhone. Here's a round up of everything that might be in the iPhone 8. Business Insider This is the new American Dream As millennial home ownership declines, is the future of real estate to buy or to rent? The Wall Street Journal. SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wal-Mart is looking to regain market share in grocery store sector CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Auto loan fraud on the rise Fox Business0:35 Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look Business Insider2:20 This is the new American Dream The Wall Street Journal.2:41 Why Venezuela still looks like this BBC News1:01 Macy's, Sears, Target: The retail industry continues to struggle Fox Business1:04 International travel has changed: What you need to know The Wall Street Journal.2:11 5 things to give up if you want be a millionaire CNBC1:03 Victoria's Secret Angels praise perfect Paris Associated Press1:14 Jobless claims lowest since 1988 Wochit Business0:40 SpaceX successfully tests its biggest rocket so far Newsy0:43 Meet Chuck, the robot helping warehouse fulfillment Bloomberg2:17 Why Snap's shares plunged after first earnings Reuters1:25 The Peanuts characters were just sold Veuer0:30 The net worth of former FBI Director James Comey GOBankingRates0:36 Tesla is taking orders for its premium solar roofs Wochit Tech0:45 Do you hate your chip card? The Wall Street Journal.0:36 UP NEXT Video by CNBC German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 76.13 -0.57 -0.74% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 947.62 -1.33 -0.14% Unilever PLC UL ▲ 52.81 +0.13 +0.25% Procter & Gamble Co PG ▼ 86.17 -0.32 -0.37% Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click here.  Load Error Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN) is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click here. "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group.  Full screen 1/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose A lady shops at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton 2/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose A shopper is pictured at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton 3/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose Scott Patton, Vice President, Corporate Buying of Aldi is seen at Aldi store in Wheaton 4/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose The interior of Aldi, a retail grocery store chain is pictured in Wheaton 5/5 SLIDES © REUTERS/Nandita Bose Shoppers are pictured at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton 5/5 SLIDES GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble (PG.N), Unilever (ULVR.L) and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Brian Molefe to return as chief executive of South Africa's Eskom Reuters BOJ has sufficient tools to withdraw stimulus: senior official Reuters Total's plans for Brazil's new oil frontier snagged on Amazon reef Reuters Reuters View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell bends 360°. Fold as a tent, tablet, or laptop Top PC picks: For work or play Flip out with JBL’s splash-proof speaker Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special This Little-Known Website Can Erase $100,000 of Debt . . . Home | Companies Tags: aldi | wal mart | price | war | germany | grocery | retail Germany's Aldi Raises Stakes in US Price War With Wal-Mart Julius Kielaitis | Dreamstime.com Thursday, 11 May 2017 07:47 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    German grocery chain Aldi Inc. is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies German grocery chain Aldi is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. aldi, wal mart, price, war, germany, grocery, retail 1005 Thursday, 11 May 2017 07:47 AM 2017-47-11 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Corporate Tax Shakeup Puts Housing Developers in Tailspin Wednesday, 26 Apr 2017 | 50 comments Who cares it San Francisco!only libTARDs would talk about the down side of... ACA Exchanges Grow Thinner with Aetna Leaving for 2018 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 12 comments Where was any discussion of Medical Coverage before Muslim-Care (OK... Trump Open to Raising Gas Tax and Negotiating Tax Overhaul Plan Monday, 01 May 2017 | 45 comments You must be speaking about your own usage...You sure aren't speaking about... In Trump's Shadow, Fed Official Says Trade Barriers a 'Dead End' Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 5 comments Only In the eyes of Globalist Socialist RATS-----FAIR trade =... Warren Pushes Trump Administration on Plan to Break Up Megabanks Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 3 comments Warren and the democrat ignorant have been harping on this with Obama's... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 62° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. High near 75F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 54F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 12, 2017 @ 1:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 Buy Now Christian Gooden • cgooden@post-dispatch.com A shopper examines items in the produce section of the Lake St. Louis Aldi on Friday, March 25, 2016. As Aldi opens more chain locations around the region, it beats discount retailers like Wal-Mart for low prices. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Christian Gooden FILE PHOTO: An Aldi supermarket, photographed March 25, 2016, in Lake St. Louis. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart By Nandita Bose Reuters 19 hrs ago (…) Buy Now Christian Gooden • cgooden@post-dispatch.com A shopper examines items in the produce section of the Lake St. Louis Aldi on Friday, March 25, 2016. As Aldi opens more chain locations around the region, it beats discount retailers like Wal-Mart for low prices. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Christian Gooden FILE PHOTO: An Aldi supermarket, photographed March 25, 2016, in Lake St. Louis. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com WHEATON, Ill. • German grocery chain Aldi Inc. is trying to beat the world’s biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer’s in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart’s plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. “We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists more so than we have in the past,” said Hart, who added that Aldi’s U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi’s growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent, and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector — from department stores to discount chains — but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart’s move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc. is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. “We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before,” said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. “Given Aldi’s expansion, Lidl’s entry, Wal-Mart’s response and Amazon’s growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years,” said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. Goal: Everyday low pricing Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. “We don’t confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees,” he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states where it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher See how St. Louis stocks are faring Depending on the product, Aldi’s prices are cheaper than most rivals’ private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do not break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKUs of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers such as Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor’s strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters’ requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. “Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started,” said Strategic Resource Group’s Flickinger. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Aldi Inc. Commerce Economics Marketing View (…) comments Most popular If you have a minor health problem, don't expect Anthem to pay for your ER visit Camping World CEO says Gander Mountain made a bad bet on guns Doughnuts are on a global rampage, and they must be stopped Camping World CEO releases list of Gander Mountains that will remain open Gander Mountain employees: 'Many of us are worried about our jobs' Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Top-paid St. Louis business CEOs The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears and Kmart Nicklaus: Our technology problem is too little disruption, not too much In Trump's America, heartland hooks up with Silicon Valley Ferguson's landmark Whistle Stop reopens in time for summer Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 11, 2017-Thursday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Aldi is trying to beat Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, at its own game: low prices Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21% lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. business Updated: May 11, 2017 14:26 IST Reuters Wheaton (Reuters photo) Aldi is trying to beat Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, at its own game: low prices Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21% lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, according to Chief Executive Jason Hart. He plans to maintain that gap going forward. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer’s in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart’s plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. “We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past,” said Hart, who added Aldi’s U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5% of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15% a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22% of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2% this year, according to analysts. Aldi’s growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15% and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart’s move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. “We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before,” said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. “Given Aldi’s expansion, Lidl’s entry, Wal-Mart’s response and Amazon’s growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years,” said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. “We don’t confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees,” he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Depending on the product, Aldi’s prices are cheaper than most rivals’ private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21% difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90% of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU’s of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30% of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment, saying the company would not comment on a competitor’s strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. “Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started,” said Strategic Resource Group’s Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi’s aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. “The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further,” said Scott Patton, Aldi’s vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53% to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart’s supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42% of Wal-Mart’s U.S. store base. more from business HCL Tech Q4 net profit rises 27% to Rs 2,475.27 crore, adds 10,605 people May 11, 2017 13:47 IST Compliance by petrol pumps under GST will raise costs: Industry May 11, 2017 13:43 IST Is Your Couch Making You Cough? Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store WalMart files patent for Amazon Dash rival Read more Why are Indian and Chinese shoppers pushing e-commerce growth? Amazon Great Indian Sale: iPhone 7, iPhone SE and other gadget deals Read more SoftBank losses from Indian startups Snapdeal, Ola at over Rs 9,000 cr How one man wants to take yoga to business parks India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Sonia Gandhi likely to remain in hospital for a couple of more days May 11, 2017 14:03 IST Notice to Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust in Rae Bareli for using state land May 11, 2017 13:38 IST BJP expels 87 leaders, workers in Uttar Pradesh for ‘anti-party activities’ May 11, 2017 13:35 IST Former Bengal governor Gopal Gandhi may be opposition’s choice as presidential ... May 11, 2017 13:25 IST In riot-hit Saharanpur, 30-year-old lawyer leads Dalit fight with his Bhim Army May 11, 2017 13:25 IST Justice Karnan maybe in Nepal or Bangladesh, want President to appeal to ICJ: A... May 11, 2017 14:18 IST RERA is here for homebuyers’ protection, but is India ready? All you need to kn... May 11, 2017 13:41 IST Honduras murder convict tries to escape prison disguised as woman, caught May 11, 2017 14:00 IST India’s competitive economy poses challenges to China, says think tank May 11, 2017 13:24 IST China’s moon mission: Student astronauts test simulated lab Lunar Palace May 11, 2017 12:34 IST Five of a family die in police raid on extremist hideout in Bangladesh May 11, 2017 13:23 IST Trump’s approval rating near record low with losses among uneducated white men:... May 11, 2017 12:16 IST Watch: Indian-American comedian Hasan Minhaj vows to fight for ‘immigrant narra... May 11, 2017 11:11 IST Won’t dwell on sacking, will be fine: FBI’s Comey in farewell letter May 11, 2017 09:38 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Fire breaks out at Vashi railway station complex, no one hurt, trains running on schedule May 11, 2017 14:08 IST Gujarati woman deported from Canada for travelling on fake passport, brought to... May 11, 2017 13:36 IST Coffee, fun with children and long drive: This is what Justin Bieber did before... May 11, 2017 14:14 IST Unsafe Mumbai: 28-year-old woman found with her throat slit in SoBo home May 11, 2017 12:52 IST Involved in land dispute, two senior citizens jailed in Bihar for ‘robbing’ retired... May 11, 2017 12:42 IST Man who tried to attack Kapil Mishra is a CA, left job to work for AAP: Police May 11, 2017 13:13 IST Mumbai hit-and-run: Land Rover rams into car on western express highway, driver... May 11, 2017 12:47 IST HT Forum: Beware, children can fall prey to online predators  May 11, 2017 12:25 IST Siblings’ murder: Elder sister’s jilted lover nabbed for killing duo May 11, 2017 12:21 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Modi’s Sri Lanka visit reflects growing ties, but issues like China, TN fishermen remain May 11, 2017 14:28 IST Why just job data? India must reform the entire data ecosystem May 11, 2017 13:45 IST ‘IPL should allow foreign players to be loaned just like football’ May 11, 2017 12:59 IST Paper trail machines are not enough to fight allegations of doctored EVMs May 11, 2017 12:45 IST ‘How Kolkata Knight Riders invited IPL 2017 defeat versus Kings XI Punjab’ May 11, 2017 11:52 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa David Warner, Steve Smith may not play in IPL from next year. Here’s why May 11, 2017 14:03 IST IPL 2017: Shreyas Iyer believes no target is impossible to chase in T20 cricket May 11, 2017 13:37 IST ‘IPL should allow foreign players to be loaned just like football’ May 11, 2017 12:59 IST Sunrisers Hyderabad’s Kane Williamson blown away by local talent in IPL 2017 May 11, 2017 12:28 IST FA bans several England football supporters over Dortmund misconduct May 11, 2017 11:37 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Shakti Kapoor’s suit and sunglasses and extra 9kg: How Siddhant became Dawood for Haseena May 11, 2017 14:23 IST Game of Thrones: Here’s a look at 18 jaw-dropping moments from the show so far May 11, 2017 14:15 IST Pooja Bedi’s daughter Aalia is setting her Instagram on fire May 11, 2017 13:59 IST Life in a...Metro turns 10: Shilpa Shetty says her story was meant to end diffe... May 11, 2017 13:59 IST This video of a couple’s hilarious varmala fight is trending May 11, 2017 13:28 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Meet Poonam Dhillon’s gorgeous daughter Paloma Thakeria Dhillon May 11, 2017 13:44 IST Yash and Roohi Johar’s homecoming was a K3G moment May 11, 2017 13:27 IST New gene-delivery system can stop hereditary blindness, says study May 11, 2017 13:21 IST Nobody can inspire surrogacy, Not Ricky Martin, not Tusshar Kapoor, says Karan ... May 11, 2017 12:52 IST 14 times Shahid Kapoor’s Instagram pictures swept us off our feet May 11, 2017 11:30 IST Aldi is trying to beat Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, at its own game: low prices May 11, 2017 14:26 IST HCL Tech Q4 net profit rises 27% to Rs 2,475.27 crore, adds 10,605 people May 11, 2017 13:47 IST Compliance by petrol pumps under GST will raise costs: Industry May 11, 2017 13:43 IST Patanjali eyes Rs 1 lakh-crore turnover in next 5 years May 11, 2017 13:31 IST Tesla CEO says company to start selling solar roof tiles May 11, 2017 13:22 IST Gold inches up from eight-week low as dollar weakens May 11, 2017 13:21 IST BT to restructure Global Services after ‘challenging year’, cut 4,000 jobs May 11, 2017 13:13 IST Apple may launch 2017 iPhone SE variant with new camera setup May 11, 2017 13:56 IST Facebook News Feed tweak: See less ads, obscene content and more information li... May 11, 2017 13:35 IST Amazon Great Indian Sale: iPhone 7, iPhone SE and other gadget deals May 11, 2017 12:37 IST Snapchat’s growth stalls in Facebook’s shadow in 1Q report May 11, 2017 11:29 IST Microsoft: 500M Windows 10 devices, half of 2018 goal May 11, 2017 11:15 IST Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella showcases better AI at Build 2017 but no new Surface... May 11, 2017 11:19 IST Opera’s new WhatsApp gig: Talk while you browser or work May 10, 2017 18:20 IST Kerala HSE VHSE (Class 12) board exam results on May 15 May 11, 2017 14:24 IST Punjabi University MSc maths paper leaked, inquiry marked May 11, 2017 13:52 IST Tamil Nadu HSC (Class 12) exam results tomorrow, students to get it on mobile phones... May 11, 2017 13:42 IST Bribes for high scores: Unable to cheat, students in UP put currency notes in answer... May 11, 2017 13:39 IST MPBSE Class 10 and 12 board exam results tomorrow May 11, 2017 12:09 IST Operation Shakti: India’s rise as a global nuclear superpower May 11, 2017 09:04 IST Buddha Purnima celebrated with fervour across India May 10, 2017 21:51 IST In pics |  Tibetan artistes welcome US Congress... May 10, 2017 20:28 IST Brief showers likely to cool North India soon May 10, 2017 09:05 IST Making post-war musical instruments for UK’s Royal Navy in... May 09, 2017 09:04 IST Kapil Mishra to continue his ‘Satyagraha’, says will go to ACB with more proofs May 11, 2017 13:30 IST Residents hopeful as Bellandur Lake begins breathing May 11, 2017 12:04 IST Yak genome could hold key to survival in polluted cities May 11, 2017 11:28 IST 1 killed, 1 injured after Pakistan violates ceasefire along LoC May 11, 2017 11:23 IST ‘No martyrs from Gujarat’, asks Akhilesh Yadav May 10, 2017 18:32 IST ht-indepth longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Analysis of Dietary Fibers Market Outlook, 2016 – 2022 Global Dietary Fibers market is estimated at $2.73 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% from 2016 to 2022. Growing demand for fiber supplements to overcome nutrition deficiency and increasing health consciousness among the people are the drivers propelling the market growth. Moreover change in life style requires more fiber nutrients to balance the diet is another prominent factor driving the market growth. However stringent regulatory approvals are hindering the market growth. Request a sample of Market Research Report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/255878 Insoluble fiber in product segment is anticipated to move with a highest CAGR during forecast period owing to maintenance of balanced PH by consuming these kinds of fibers. Fruits and vegetables in source segment accounted for the largest market share in 2015, cereals and grains segment is expected to show healthy growth rate during forecast period. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period owing to increase in disposable incomes. Some of the key players in the market include Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Cargill, Incorporated, Danisco, E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company, GlaxosmithKline(GSK), Grain Processing Corporation, Ingredion Incorporated, J. Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH & Co. Kg, Novartis, Novus International, Procter and Gamble, Roquette Frères Company, Royal DSM, Sas Nexira, Südzucker AG Company, Sunopta, Inc. And Tate & Lyle PLC Company. Products Covered: Soluble Pectin Inulin Beta-Glucan Polydextrose Other Solubles Conventional Insoluble Resistant Starch Lignin Chitin Chitosan Hemicellulose Cellulose Other Insoluble Novel Sources Covered: Fruits & Vegetables Beet Carrot Okra Apple Raspberries Pear ereals & Grains Bran Rice Wheat Oher Sources Soy Legumes Nuts Beans and Peas Applications Covered: Pharmaceuticals Animal Feed Functional Foods Functional Beverages Pet Food Bakery & Confectionary Dairy Browse Full Market Research Report@ www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/dietary-fibers-global… Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ischemic Heart Disease Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 3.1% by 2022 Next PostNext Security Paper Market by Security Feature (Hybrid Papers, Watermarks, Holograms, and Threads), Application (Banknotes, Legal & Government Documents, Certificates, Identity cards, Passport, Checks, and Stamps), and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 US stores, Aldi has set a minimum target of selling groceries at a 21 percent discount to its US rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Chief Executive Jason Hart told Reuters. By: Reuters | Updated: May 11, 2017 11:42 AM Hart’s plan calls for spending .6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. (Reuters) German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world’s biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 US stores, Aldi has set a minimum target of selling groceries at a 21 percent discount to its US rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Chief Executive Jason Hart told Reuters. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer’s in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart’s plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. “We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past,” said Hart, who added Aldi’s U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. You may like to watch: Aldi’s growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector – from department stores to discount chains – but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart’s move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 “We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before,” said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. “Given Aldi’s expansion, Lidl’s entry, Wal-Mart’s response and Amazon’s growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years,” said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart’s stock performance vs Amazon, click GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. “We don’t confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees,” he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Hart said Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals and the discount retailer intends to keep the advantage at least that strong going forward. Depending on the product, Aldi’s prices are cheaper than most rivals’ private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. You may also like to watch: Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU’s of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment saying the company would not comment on a competitor’s strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. “Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started,” said Strategic Resource Group’s Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi’s aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. “The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further,” said Scott Patton, Aldi’s vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier – categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart’s supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart’s U.S. store base. By Nandita Bose (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) No Comments. Don't Miss National Herald case: Huge setback for Sonia, Rahul Gandhi, HC orders Income-Tax probe Layoffs in IT companies like Infosys, Cognizant, Wipro & Tech Mahindra aren't Trump's fault Reliance JioFiber: Download movies & songs within minutes; 'Preview Offer' launches in Delhi NCR, Mumbai & others Narendra Modi in Sri Lanka: Buddhism deep seated in our governance says PM; announces direct Air India flight between Colombo and Varanasi Why the latest home loan rate cuts are a double bonanza for homebuyers One Belt One Road project: China to spend $500 billion to reshape the world in its image MP Jyotiraditya Scindia may be next leader of Congress in Lok Sabha Narendra Modi Sri Lanka visit Live Updates: Ideologies of hate only cause death, destruction, says PM West Bengal municipal polls: BJP's rise forces Congress, CPM to join hands to fight Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress Uphaar case: High Court upholds evidence tampering charge against Ansals Business Gallery PM Modi attends International Vesak Day celebrations in Sri Lanka On a two-day visit to Sri Lanka, PM Narendra Modi visits Buddhist Seema Malaka temple in Colombo Chenab bridge, world’s highest rail bridge, is India’s unparalleled engineering feat! 15 stunning facts and images Boeing temporarily suspends 737 MAX flights: Here is what the issue is NITI Aayog meets Yogi Adityanath with blueprint to transform Uttar Pradesh Technology Gallery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours From Oppo F3 to Vivo V5: Best ‘Selfie expert’ smartphones in India under Rs 20,000 From Samsung to Xiaomi: Best budget smartphones priced under Rs 15,000 Hindi News राजनीतिक दलों को चुनाव आयोग की खुली चुनौती- 13 मई को आएं और EVM हैक करके दिखाएं श्रीलंका में इंटरनेशनल बैसाख डे पर पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी का एलान- वाराणसी और कोलंबो के बीच शुरू होगी सीधी विमान सेवा लाल बत्ती ना हटाने पर मौलाना बरकती के खिलाफ FIR दर्ज, कहा था- नहीं मानता केन्द्र का आदेश Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Top intraday trading ideas for afternoon trade for Friday, 12 May 2017 This is Bull Market 2.0, bigger than the one between 2003-2007: Dhiraj Sachdev, HSBC AM SBI Life set to hire eight banks for up to $1 billion IPO Shalimar Paints, Moser Baer, Orient Press rally over 5 per cent Asian currencies recover on dollar profit-taking ArcelorMittal core profit more than doubles in first quarter Watch out! Any of these factors can play party pooper on D-Street All you must know about InvITs We may not see oil at $100 again Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 11:56 AM | 12 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,195-56.12 NIFTY 50 9,394-28.10 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,05652.00 USD/INR 64.31-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW View: Expansion in valuation can’t go on forever By ET Bureau | Updated: May 11, 2017, 10.56 AM IST Post a Comment By Pankaj Murarka Stock market investors yearn for bull markets and bubbles. This is the most fascinating aspect of the business of investing. To spot a potential bubble at an early stage in its life cycle and to be able to ride the bull market until the bubble becomes unsustainable and the investment argument translates from truism to fantasy is the most rewarding and exciting part of the cycle of investing. The genesis of any bull market is premised on a logical, credible investment argument followed by a strong surge of liquidity. It is not unreasonable for investors to multiply their capital during the course of a bull market. During the technology bubble, investors across the world had multiplied their wealth 10-500 times in many stocks even as the investment argument moved from revenue growth to clicks on the website. Coming to the current cycle, as the world emerged from the depths of deflation after the global financial crisis on the back of strong steroid of liquidity injected by central banks, the global growth has been feeble, consumers and businesses have been deleveraging and investments have been elusive. In this backdrop, investors have been focusing on good quality companies that can deliver superior growth (in an environment of weak macro growth). In India, these companies have been across various sectors, such as consumer, NBFC, retail banks, building materials and mortgage finance. The strong growth in these businesses has been driven by good quality management, strong execution, subdued competitive intensity and expanding margins due to weak commodity prices. On top of that, all these businesses have witnessed a significant re-rating with P/E multiples expansion due to follow through of huge liquidity. The valuations of the so-called quality companies have expanded exponentially. These companies have delivered multi-fold returns to investors and P/E multiples have expanded to 30-100 times. But after having seen exponential returns in these companies, dark clouds have started emerging over the so-called growth stocks. In case of consumer staples, stock prices have reached a level where they are pricing implied revenue growth of high teens or even higher in most cases, which is clearly not achievable over the course of the life cycle of the business. This is further compounded by the fact that in many categories, such as soaps, shampoo, hair oils, detergents and tooth pastes, the penetration levels have reached a high of 75- 80 per cent and shall constrain future growth. Also, markets are underestimating the future competitive intensity and fragmentation of market share in these categories. Additionally, global growth is picking up and so are commodity prices. This could be a headwind for margins, going forward. Besides, central banks, which have committed one of the largest experiments in the monetary policy by expanding their balance sheets, are reversing course and are withdrawing liquidity and raising interest rates. The rising of rates is one of the biggest gravitational pulls of the P/E ratios of companies with high P/Es. Thus, for an investor holding these stocks till perpetuity, the future returns will be far lower than the historical returns, and for interim owners, their best hope is to find a greater fool. The US had a similar bubble in good quality companies in the late 60s called the famous “Nifty Fifty Bubble”. In the late 1960s when the economic growth was sluggish, many good companies delivered relatively high growth and their P/Es expanded exponentially. Because these companies were excellent businesses delivering solid growth, they were deemed as impregnable fortress and included the most famous blue chips like Kodak, Procter & Gamble, 3M, IBM, Johnson & Johnson, Xerox etc. By 1972, when the S&P 500 Index’s P/E stood at a then lofty 19, the Nifty Fifty’s average P/E was more than twice of that, at 42. Among the most inflated stocks were Polaroid with a P/E of 91; McDonald’s, 86; Walt Disney, 82; and Avon Products, 65. The sharp rise in oil prices due to the OPEC oil embargo led to a significant rise in inflation and consequently interest rates, pricking the Nifty Fifty Bubble. The Nifty Fifty companies lost significant value and it took investors decades to recover their capital in them from their respective highs. For instance, Xerox fell 71 per cent, Avon 86 per cent and Polaroid 91 per cent, and some of them even ceased to exist (like Kodak, Xerox) because over a period, technology made their businesses obsolete. Thus, it’s important to distinguish between great businesses and great stocks. It is the inherent nature of markets to create bubbles and burst them. Markets are like a pendulum that keeps swinging from one extreme to another, from deep value to bubble and do not stop at the centre (point of fair value). Chuck Prince, the erstwhile CEO of Citi, at the peak of the mortgage bubble exclaimed that “we should keep dancing until the music is on”. Well, this approach could provide a lot of excitement but could be fatal for the health of value investors. Prudent long-term investors need to escape the dance floor preemptively even if it means missing out on some potential returns. It is important for long-term value investors to stay focused on the intrinsic value of businesses rather than chase momentum. Comments(0)Add Comments View: Expansion in valuation can’t go on forever To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Sensex now most expensive in the world Most sensex scrips yet to reach previous highs Sensex, Nifty@all-time high: 5 factors that fuelled the rally Sensex, Nifty start on a flat note; Infosys, SBI top gainers Expect Sensex at 60000 in a few years: Hemendra Kothari, DSP Blackrock READ MORE ONstock marketSensexmarket shareliquidityInflationdeflationbull market Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Review: The Upgraded Underwear Guys Are Obsessed With The Style Guide | Mack Weldon 15 Photos Proving Beyonce Wasn't Always Queen B Livingly The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity MicrosoftMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Valuation concern? Porinju says stop worrying, go buy! DCB Bank decides to go slow on expansion plan What to do if you can’t pay your home loan EMI From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 80s Primetime Soap Stars: Where Are They Now? MSN Don't Miss This - 25% Off Your Entire Purchase At Chico’s Chico's Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Experience the New Geometry of Sound Engadget | Master & Dynamic You Can’t Cut Down Insurance Agents! We can’t kill cows, but globally lead in beef exports Company Expansion: Latest News on Company Expansion Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented HUDCO IPO a mega hit; subscribed 79.47 times on final day A 10-point checklist to lower risk of loss in your stock investment Biggest opportunity is in smallcaps for next 5-10 years: Porinju Veliyath What's cooking in this smallcap cable company? No capital gains load on genuine investments More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|GL vs DD Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Exclusive: Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Exclusive: Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart Advertisement Business Exclusive: Aldi raises stakes in US price war with Wal-Mart German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. A lady shops at Aldi, a retail grocery store chain in Wheaton, Illinois, U.S., April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Nandita Bose 3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 11 May 2017 01:20PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail WHEATON, Ill.: German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi has set a minimum target of selling groceries at a 21 percent discount to its U.S. rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Chief Executive Jason Hart told Reuters. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending US$1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Advertisement Advertisement Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about US$6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Hart said Aldi's internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals and the discount retailer intends to keep the advantage at least that strong going forward. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble , Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to US$300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. Graphic: New Neighbors - Aldi and Wal-Mart: http://tmsnrt.rs/2r3UfnF Graphic: Wal-Mart's pricing test - http://tmsnrt.rs/2pzLdgb (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 14/0 (11) - PAK 376/10 (146.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Bahubali 2 News Business News EXCLUSIVE-Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart Shares1 Thu, 11 May 2017-10:37am , Reuters German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi has set a minimum target of selling groceries at a 21 percent discount to its U.S. rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Chief Executive Jason Hart told Reuters. His strategy, previously unreported, centers on adding more private-label goods, which are a retailer's in-house brands, to win over price-sensitive customers, and a massive expansion to further disrupt a U.S. grocery sector that has seen 18 companies go bankrupt since 2014. Hart's plan calls for spending $1.6 billion to expand and remodel 1,300 U.S. stores, and open 400 new stores mainly in Florida, Texas and on both coasts by end of 2018. He also pledged Aldi will be willing to change prices more frequently to respond to rivals if needed. "We are re-merchandising, remodeling, enhancing our product range and are focused on gaining volume so more customers start their shopping at Aldi and we are able to complete their shopping lists moreso than we have in the past," said Hart, who added Aldi's U.S. sales have doubled in five years. Though it only accounts for only about 1.5 percent of the U.S. grocery market, Aldi is growing at 15 percent a year, whereas Wal-Mart currently controls about 22 percent of the market and its U.S. sales are estimated to grow about 2 percent this year, according to analysts. Aldi's growth potential has competitors taking notice. Reuters reported in February that Wal-Mart is running price tests in 11 states, pushing vendors to undercut Aldi and other rivals by 15 percent and is expected to spend about $6 billion to regain its title as the low-price leader. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2le6v0Y Price wars are roiling the entire retail sector - from department stores to discount chains - but it is nowhere as intense as in the grocery sector. Beyond Wal-Mart's move to match Aldi on price, German discount chain Lidl plans to open up to a 100 U.S. stores in a year, and Amazon.com Inc is aggressively testing out various brick-and-mortar grocery formats along with growing Amazon Fresh, its grocery delivery service. For a graphic, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRbNT9 "We have not seen anything like this in the grocery sector in the United States before," said Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst. Such heated competition risks a dangerous race to the bottom that could result in more retailers shutting their doors. "Given Aldi's expansion, Lidl's entry, Wal-Mart's response and Amazon's growing ambitions in this space, it is fair to expect a significant acceleration in the bankruptcy and liquidation cycle in this sector over the next few years," said Burt Flickinger, managing director at retail consultancy Strategic Resource Group. For more on Wal-Mart's stock performance vs Amazon, click GOAL: EVERYDAY LOW PRICING Aldi, has a simple strategy to win more customers: everyday low pricing, according to Hart. "We don't confuse our customers with yo-yo discounts, sales, coupons and loyalty cards that require membership fees," he said. Four analysts and consultants contacted by Reuters confirmed Aldi now offers the lowest prices in private label consumer products in the states it operates, although they did say Wal-Mart is gaining ground in the states they are conducting price tests. Hart said Aldi's internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals and the discount retailer intends to keep the advantage at least that strong going forward. Depending on the product, Aldi's prices are cheaper than most rivals' private label items and even most branded items, analysts said. Hart said the 21 percent difference in price is calculated by monitoring competition on a basket of groceries. Aldi counts on its no-frills shopping experience to help keep costs low, and limits much of its inventory to items that sell in huge volume. But its focus on offering far more private label items than branded products is central to allowing Aldi to adjust pricing whenever it chooses, Hart said. Aldi and Wal-Mart do no break out the figures, but analysts including Mushkin and Flickinger say Aldi carries about 1,200 stock keeping units (SKUs) or type of products, 90 percent of which are private label. Wal-Mart stocks about 30,000-40,000 SKU's of products similar to ones Aldi sells, and only 30 percent of that are private labels. That different product mix can potentially make it more difficult for Wal-Mart to adjust prices because it often first needs buy-in from suppliers, and many times faces push back from packaged goods makers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and even smaller brands. Such vendors fear steep discounting can erode the value of their brands, analysts said. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined comment saying the company would not comment on a competitor's strategy. P&G and Unilever did not respond to Reuters requests seeking comment. But the explosive growth in private label products is on the radar of Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Last month he told analysts that private label goods will play an even more important role as the widespread availability of branded products online will compress those products margins over time. "Aldi is disrupting the sector the way Wal-Mart did when they started," said Strategic Resource Group's Flickinger. STEPPING UP THE GAME Aldi's aggressive push to remodel its stores will allow it to add new private label merchandise in rapidly growing categories like fresh food. "The remodels are aimed at increasing our volumes which means more purchasing power that will help us lower prices further," said Scott Patton, Aldi's vice president of corporate buying. At a recent visit to an Aldi store in Wheaton, Illinois Reuters found newer-looking shelves, wider aisles and brighter lighting than a typical Aldi store. There was also a bigger assortment of fresh, organic, gluten-free products and antibiotic-free meats versus what it stocked earlier - categories Aldi said is growing the most rapidly at its stores. For example, its Simply Nature range of private-label products grew 53 percent to $300 million in 2016 from a year ago. Aldi has also opened stores close to Wal-Mart's supercenters to benefit from its budget-conscious shoppers. Its total store count of 2,000 stores by the end of next year will be about 42 percent of Wal-Mart's U.S. store base. (editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Renault Duster fails crash test, acquires zero stars for adult protection   Comments   Also Read Money It's a dog's world Money RInfra wins Rs 2,950 cr in arbitration against DMRC, to pare debt Money CEA questions rating agencies' double standards on India, China Money SBI to charge for ATM withdrawals via e-wallets Money Flipkart, Snapdeal to sign LoI for merger next week Money Softbank gets nod from co-investor Nexus for selling Snapdeal to Flipkart Next Article > 37 million painkilling pills from India seized in Italy, were meant for IS terrorists in Libya < Previous ArticleNext Article > Renault Duster fails crash test, acquires zero stars for adult protection Live Cricket Score Live WI 14/0 (11) PAK 376/10 (146.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary Ireland vs Bangladesh Fri, 12 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Next node 37 million painkilling pills from India seized in Italy, were meant for IS terrorists in Libya Related Wal-Mart to shut 269 stores, 154 of them in the US Video WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic View all Tags Doug McMillon Lidl Procter & Gamble Unilever Florida Texas United States Wal-Mart Stores Inc Jason Hart Amazon Fresh Scott Mushkin Wal-Mart U. S. Wheaton Wolfe Research com Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News France's Macron open to talks with willing conservatives Kapil Mishra's mother accuses Kejriwal of spreading lies US think-tank launches web portal to track Indian states Uphaar fire: HC upholds tampering charge against Ansals Direct AI flights between Colombo and Varanasi from Aug: Modi Sport SHOWCASE-Soccer-Hull's last games like 'Champions League finals' Sakshi Malik enters finals at Asian Wrestling Championship Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, May 12 Madrid Open: World no.1 Andy Murray sent packing by unseeded Borna Coric, Novak Djokovic reaches quarters NSW cricketer Ryan Carters announces retirement at 26! Entertainment Lucky to be chosen for 'Fantastic Beasts..': Johnny Depp Salman Khan's 'Tubelight': Check out the poster of 'The Radio Song'! Stephen Colbert responds to Trump's 'No-Talent' criticism 'I Win!' The Chainsmokers, Halsey to perform at Billboard Music Awards Jackie Chan, Sylvester Stallone team up for action movie Money India will clock over 7.5% growth in 2017-18: Fin Secy Ashok GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week April CPI inflation to slip to 3.2% from 3.8% in Mar: BofA-ML Sensex off record highs, down 52 points in late morning trade Introducing MOX@Techzone will ensure ground level success for programs Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Top intraday trading ideas for afternoon trade for Friday, 12 May 2017 This is Bull Market 2.0, bigger than the one between 2003-2007: Dhiraj Sachdev, HSBC AM SBI Life set to hire eight banks for up to $1 billion IPO Shalimar Paints, Moser Baer, Orient Press rally over 5 per cent Asian currencies recover on dollar profit-taking ArcelorMittal core profit more than doubles in first quarter Watch out! Any of these factors can play party pooper on D-Street All you must know about InvITs We may not see oil at $100 again Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 11:56 AM | 12 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,195-56.12 NIFTY 50 9,394-28.10 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,05652.00 USD/INR 64.31-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Rain & gain stocks: HUL, Emami among most preferred in FMCG pack By ET Bureau | Updated: May 11, 2017, 08.49 AM IST Post a Comment Company Summary NSE BSE HUL Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Nestle Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Hindustan UniLever Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Dabur India Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Dabur India EXPAND TO VIEW ALL Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You Mumbai: Bolstered by predictions of a normal monsoon by the India Meteorological Department, stocks of consumer companies like Hindustan Unilever, Emami closed between 2% and 4.6% higher on Wednesday, while the BSE FMCG index rose 1.81%. Analysts said though consumer companies with a broad rural focus will benefit from increased rural spending power given a healthy monsoon, valuations of these companies do not offer comfort. Traders, however, expect the bullishness in FMCG stocks to continue. ET spoke to analysts on the outlook on shares of top consumer companies, whose prospects are partly linked to monsoon. Hindustan Unilever CMP: Rs 995.90 Year to Date returns: 20.57% *Price to Earnings: 50.28 *Buys-21, Sells-6 , Holds-17 Despite an expected expansion in market share with the onset of GST along with higher sales from a good monsoon, analysts said the stock’s valuations offer no comfort. “The current valuations at 45 times 2017 earnings are too high. Earnings and profi t growth hardly match up to valuations even after taking into account increased sales from a good monsoon,” said Sachin Bobade, analyst at Dolat Capital. Traders, however, said the stock has seen a 5% open interest addition and is expected to go to Rs 1044 in the coming days. Dabur India CMP: Rs 282.20 Year to Date returns: 1.78% *Price to Earnings: 34.43 *Buys-15 , Sells-8 , Holds-16 Analysts said the stock would fare better than urban peers like P&G Hygiene and Health Care and Nestle. “Dabur’s rural sales will see more traction from another normal monsoon and volumes will be higher as compared to more urban consumptiondriven names like Nestle,” said Abneesh Roy, senior vice-president of institutional equities at Edelweiss Securities. Ashu Bagri, assistant vice president-technical research at SBICap Securities, said the stock has just started a decisive upward movement. Marico CMP: Rs 315.50 Year to Date returns: 21.06% *Price to Earnings: 43.60 *Buys-10, Sells-13 , Holds-21 Analysts said improved demand in the hair oil segment will help increase sales growth in the coming months. They, however, said it would be diffi cult to sustain the current valuations of 48 times 2017 earnings as increased spend on advertisements for new launches will put some pressure on margins. The stock has seen addition of long positions said Chandan Taparia, derivative & technical analyst at Motilal Oswal Securities. He said the stock would rise to Rs 325 in coming days. Emami CMP: Rs 1,099.35 Year to Date returns: 15.01% *Price to Earnings: 37.87 *Buys-24 , Sells-6, Holds-4 The company is looking at increasing direct reach of its products by reducing wholesale contribution to 42% from 52%. Analysts said this shift, combined with the GST-led pressure on margins would have an impact on the stock which is trading at 65 times its 2017 earnings. “The stock has underperformed in the last few quarters while its new hair oil product has not yet taken off, so we would wait to see how it pans out,” said Roy of Edelweiss. Traders said the stock would rise to Rs 1180 in the weeks ahead. Comments(0)Add Comments Rain & gain stocks: HUL, Emami among most preferred in FMCG pack To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONNestleMonsoonIndia Meteorological DepartmentHULHindustan UniLeverGSTearnings Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB In conversation with Maneet Chauhan State Farm Going right 4 Sisters Beautifully Age: 40 Portraits in 40 Years Appurse Are the 10 Most Popular Cars on the Road also the Best? rmautobuzzMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Telecom, FMCG, healthcare, auto among top sectoral gainers Gold steadies above 8-week low as dollar, stocks gain Gains from penny stocks not bogus: Income-Tax Tribunal From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times How Will Today’s Students Create The World Of Tomorrow? Microsoft 49 Photos Of Stars From Vintage Hollywood Flicks Colorized Frank151 How to Sidestep the Pitfalls of Student Life Arizona State University Munchery is the Meal Kit Taking Out the Biggest Time-Drain.. Nerdwallet | Munchery 5 FMCG stocks that have more than doubled in last 1 year FMCG stocks: Latest News on FMCG stocks Prefer NBFCs to bank stocks: Rajen Shah, Tradebulls Why airlines, OMC and paint stocks are gaining today Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented HUDCO IPO a mega hit; subscribed 79.47 times on final day A 10-point checklist to lower risk of loss in your stock investment Biggest opportunity is in smallcaps for next 5-10 years: Porinju Veliyath What's cooking in this smallcap cable company? No capital gains load on genuine investments More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|GL vs DD Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Bakerview subdivision gets go-ahead again from county Herald Staff Wed May 10th, 2017 5:27pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Snohomish County planners have said —for a second time — that a controversial housing development can move ahead next to a dormant landfill, if it adheres to specific conditions. Planners in 2014 granted initial approval to the Bakerview subdivision, only to have the project sent back the following year for more study. Among concerns raised by neighbors were plans to address the former Go-East landfill, which shares the 40-acre site on the 4300 block of 108th Street SE, outside of Everett. They appealed to the county hearing examiner, who agreed on key points. The 97 proposed homes would go up next to the old landfill, not on top of it. In the early 1980s, underground fires smoldered at the dump for years. Operations ceased in 1983. P&G East LLC, of Kirkland, is seeking to build the project. The latest plans alter the homes’ layout and offer a more detailed proposal for formally closing the landfill. The county issued a mitigated determination of nonsignificance for those plans Sunday. The deadline to file appeals with the hearing examiner is May 22.   Most Read Associate dean hired to oversee WSU medical training in Everett EVERETT — A former chief medical officer at Providence Regional Medical Center… May 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff How recession led Lynnwood sisters to open car auction EDMONDS — When two Lynnwood-raised sisters lost their jobs during the recession… May 10th, 2017 by Jennifer Sasseen Julie Muhlstein EvCC panel discussions get real over fake news We get our news primarily from social media. That assertion, by an… May 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Woman, 80, who bilked ailing neighbor, ordered to pay $23K EVERETT — An 80-year-old Everett woman plans to sell her house to… May 10th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Meetings seek input on fixes to Highways 9, 204 interchange LAKE STEVENS — Transportation engineers are seeking feedback on five ideas to… May 10th, 2017 by Kari Bray © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Feminine Hygiene Market to Exceed US $35,203.8 Mn by 2024 End New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/11/2017 — According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research (PMR) titled ‚Global Feminine Hygiene Product Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016-2024, the global feminine hygiene market is expected to expand at CAGR of 7.2% over the forecast period (2016-2024) in terms of value. The report has categorically been divided into three sections namely by product type, distribution channel, and region. On the basis of product type, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into sanitary napkins/pads, tampons, panty liners, menstrual cup, and feminine hygiene wash. On the basis of a distribution channel, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into a supermarket, convenience stores, department stores, retail pharmacies, and online purchase. By product type, sanitary napkin/pad segment is expected to expand at highest CAGR of 8.4% over the forecast period, in terms of value, attributed to increasing awareness about the benefits of sanitary napkins/pads. This segment is expected to be valued at US$ 16,896.8 Mn by 2024 end. By product type, tampons segment is expected to be the second most dominant segment during the forecast period. By distribution channel, supermarket segment is expected to dominate the global feminine hygiene market over the forecast period, followed by department stores distribution channel segment. Increasing awareness and high adoption of feminine hygiene products in developing countries are expected to drive demand for feminine hygiene products during the forecast period. Factors such as easy availability and affordable prices of such products are expected to drive revenue growth of the global feminine hygiene market during the forecast period. The global feminine hygiene market is fragmented in nature, with a prevalence of oligopolistic competition among renowned brands. Established players are focused on manufacturing innovative feminine hygiene products in developed and developing countries to increase revenue generation. The report offers analysis and insights into each segment of feminine hygiene market in specific regions. On the basis of region, the global feminine hygiene market is segmented into five key regions namely North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). In 2015, Asia Pacific dominated the global feminine hygiene market in terms of revenue and is expected to register a CAGR of 5.4% over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3226 Market participants covered in the report include Kimberley – Clark Corporation, Procter & Gamble, Unicharm Corporation, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA, Johnson & Johnson, Lil-lets UK Limited, Sanofi, Ontex, and Egdewell Personal Care. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and introducing new cost-effective products, in order to strengthen its position in the global market. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/feminine-hygiene-product-market/toc CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Concord Hospitality Begins Construction on Hyatt Place Jacksonville Next PostNext SJE-Rhombus Named ESOP Company of the Year by The ESOP Association Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Feminine Hygiene Market to Exceed US $35,203.8 Mn by 2024 End Global Feminine Hygiene Market to Exceed US $35,203.8 Mn by 2024 End Posted on May 11, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The global feminine hygiene market is expected to expand at CAGR of 7.2% over the forecast period (2016-2024) in terms of value. New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/11/2017 — According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research (PMR) titled 'Global Feminine Hygiene Product Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016-2024, the global feminine hygiene market is expected to expand at CAGR of 7.2% over the forecast period (2016-2024) in terms of value. The report has categorically been divided into three sections namely by product type, distribution channel, and region. On the basis of product type, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into sanitary napkins/pads, tampons, panty liners, menstrual cup, and feminine hygiene wash. On the basis of a distribution channel, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into a supermarket, convenience stores, department stores, retail pharmacies, and online purchase. By product type, sanitary napkin/pad segment is expected to expand at highest CAGR of 8.4% over the forecast period, in terms of value, attributed to increasing awareness about the benefits of sanitary napkins/pads. This segment is expected to be valued at US$ 16,896.8 Mn by 2024 end. By product type, tampons segment is expected to be the second most dominant segment during the forecast period. By distribution channel, supermarket segment is expected to dominate the global feminine hygiene market over the forecast period, followed by department stores distribution channel segment. Increasing awareness and high adoption of feminine hygiene products in developing countries are expected to drive demand for feminine hygiene products during the forecast period. Factors such as easy availability and affordable prices of such products are expected to drive revenue growth of the global feminine hygiene market during the forecast period. The global feminine hygiene market is fragmented in nature, with a prevalence of oligopolistic competition among renowned brands. Established players are focused on manufacturing innovative feminine hygiene products in developed and developing countries to increase revenue generation. The report offers analysis and insights into each segment of feminine hygiene market in specific regions. On the basis of region, the global feminine hygiene market is segmented into five key regions namely North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). In 2015, Asia Pacific dominated the global feminine hygiene market in terms of revenue and is expected to register a CAGR of 5.4% over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3226 Market participants covered in the report include Kimberley – Clark Corporation, Procter & Gamble, Unicharm Corporation, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA, Johnson & Johnson, Lil-lets UK Limited, Sanofi, Ontex, and Egdewell Personal Care. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and introducing new cost-effective products, in order to strengthen its position in the global market. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/feminine-hygiene-product-market/toc For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-feminine-hygiene-market-to-exceed-us-352038-mn-by-2024-end-804644.htm Media Relations Contact Rahul Singh Marketing Manager Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd Telephone: 646-568-7751 Email: Click to Email Rahul Singh Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/feminine-hygiene-product-market.asp Latest News CGF Members Unite for a Common Cause – Consumer Health in Latin America Industrial Hoists Market: Global Snapshot by 2025 Global Feminine Hygiene Market to Exceed US $35,203.8 Mn by 2024 End Commercial Sweeping Machine Market: Global Snapshot by 2025 Metastatic Breast Cancer Treatment Market Estimated to Flourish by 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research Narcotics Detection Equipment Market: Global Snapshot by 2025 ICP-MS System Market Foreseen to Grow Exponentially over 2017–2025: Persistence Market Research Narcotics Detection Equipment Market Pegged for Robust Expansion by 2025 Glycan Analysis Market Foreseen to Grow Exponentially over 2017–2025: Persistence Market Research Castleman Disease Treatment Market Foreseen to Grow Exponentially over 2017 – 2025: Persistence Market Research © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Baby Diapers Market: Declining Infant Mortality Rates and Strengthening Economies to Give Baby Diaper Sales in East Africa a Fillip The market for baby diapers in East Africa has gained substantial traction in the past few years owing to a notable decline in infant mortality rate, rise in disposable incomes, and increased awareness regarding the need to maintain hygiene to ensure the healthy growth of infants. A vast surge in the region’s urban and educated population and efforts undertaken by government and non-government organizations to increase awareness about personal hygiene across rural parts of the region have equally contributed to the development of the market in the past few years. Transparency Market Research estimates that the East Africa baby diapers market will expand at a healthy CAGR of 3.6% from 2016 through 2024. Rising at this pace, the market will rise from a valuation of US$155.7 mn in 2015 to US$218.7 mn by 2024. Volume-wise, the market will exhibit a 3.2% CAGR over the period. View Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/east-africa-baby-diape… Baby Diaper Market in Kenya Emerges Leading Contributor in Terms of Revenue Kenya, estimated by the World Bank to be the fastest growing economy in East Africa, is presently the largest market in the East Africa baby diapers market, in terms of both volume-wise consumption and revenues. The baby diapers market in the country accounted for a 42.7% share in the overall market’s revenues in 2015. Volume-wise, the country accounted for over 40% of the East Africa baby diapers market in the same year. Large population base, a notable reduction in child mortality rates, stable growth of economy in the past few years, and rising disposable incomes are the key factors driving the baby diapers market in the country. Over the period between 2016 and 2024 as well, the country is expected to retain its dominance in the East Africa baby diapers market. Tanzania is the second largest revenue contributor to the East Africa baby diapers market, accounting for over 24% share in the market in 2015, and is expected to expand at a healthy pace over the forecasting horizon as well. Uganda is the third largest country for the baby diapers market in East Africa. All the three countries are expected to maintain their positions in the overall market through 2024. Make an inquiry at www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Disposable Diapers are Leading Product Type but Cotton Diapers Present Sizeable Opportunity Of the key product varieties available in the East Africa baby diapers market, the segment of disposable diapers is presently the most popular and leading revenue generator. The segment held a share of over 80% in the East Africa baby diapers market’s revenues in 2015. Volume-wise, the segment fared even better, accounting for over 91% share in the market in the same year. Disposable diapers are expected to remain the dominant product segment in the East Africa baby diapers market over the next few years as well. However, their popularity is witnessing a notable decline owing to concerns about adverse long-term health effects and short-term skin rashes with their continuous use. These concerns are also stimulating the increased demand for cotton diapers, the product varieties that contain no harmful chemicals and are considered safer than most varieties of disposable diapers. The demand for cotton diapers is also surging in East Africa owing to the rising awareness about environment safety the need to switch to biodegradable products. The segment of cotton diapers is expected to expand at a high CAGR of 5.8% over the period between 2016 and 2024, rising from a valuation of US$13.5 mn in 2015 to US$23.0 mn by 2024. Some of the leading vendors operating in the East Africa baby diapers market are Unicharm Corporation, Procter and Gamble, Indevco Group, Johnson and Johnson, SCA Hygiene, Interconsumer Products Ltd., and Mega Soft (Fujian) Hygiene Products Co. Ltd About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Internet ban in India’s Jammu and Kashmir have the character of ‘collective punishment’ – UN experts Next PostNext Fresh Investments in Railcar Modernization to Give Demand for Railway Traction Motors in North America an Impetus Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News Upfront 2017: TV Networks Square Off Against Cooling Ad Market Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk always with honor for Variety May 11, 2017 | 06:45AM PT The TV industry faces a cliffhanger in weeks to come that is every bit as tantalizing as ones that surface in the final episodes of a season of “Empire,” “The Walking Dead” or “Grey’s Anatomy.” Can CBS, ABC, NBC, Fox and the rest tune in more advertising dollars than they did last year? Madison Avenue is, at least initially, saying no. A range of ad buyers suggest TV’s annual “upfront” market, during which the U.S. networks try to sell the bulk of their ad time for the coming season, is likely to be more challenging than last year’s. In 2016, TV carried the day, and advertisers agreed in many cases to pay double-digit rate increases. The five English-language networks secured between $8.41 billion and $9.25 billion in advance ad commitments for primetime, according to Variety estimates – the first time in three years they might have managed to break the $9 billion mark. Related How TV Tuned in More Upfront Ad Dollars: Soap, Toothpaste and Pushy Tactics Advertiser interest in 2017 may be harder to snare. “We are looking at slight decreases in demand,” said one media-buying executive.  “Budget clarity is very slow to progress this year,” said another buyer. Overall volume of advance advertising commitments is seen coming in around flat to slightly up, buyers suggested. Media buyers have a vested interest in keeping the TV-ad market cool, but executives on both sides of the table agree that TV’s leverage in 2017 has slipped. In 2016, the broadcast networks nabbed significant increases in the cost of reaching 1,000 viewers – a measure also known as a CPM that is integral to these annual talks between the networks and their advertisers. Rate hikes in some cases were as high as 10% to more than 12%. This year, according to buyers and TV executives, the networks will fight for hikes of between 8% and 9%. “You start hearing numbers like high singles in CPM growths,” said Leslie Moonves, the chairman and chief executive of CBS Corp., during a recent conference call with analysts. “The upfront, to me, is going to be exceedingly strong.” “The very high end of it could be 8% or 9%,” said one buying executive. “But I think everything else will be below that.” And so the haggling begins. In 2017, buyers and sellers are both cognizant of the fact that traditional TV audiences continue to erode – and that the industry has yet to agree upon new measures that would help the networks monetize viewing being done on mobile devices and using streaming video. In recent months, ad spending has softened, according to Standard Media Index, a tracker of how ad dollars are allocated. Key events like TV’s glitzy awards programs have been “slowing down more than anticipated,” the company said in a recent research note. National TV advertising spend declined 1% to 2% in the first quarter, according to Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser, owing in part to uncertainty about national policy due to a chaotic White House. At the same time, the networks have a big chit in their favor:  Advertisers have in recent months begun to fret over a lack of transparency in digital media. They frown when their ads turn up next to potentially offensive content on YouTube and grimace when Facebook acknowledges it inadvertently undercounted views of video ads, as it did late last year. With this kind of anxiety on the wind, TV has something all advertisers want: high-quality content that Madison Avenue can trust, backed by a third-party measurement system that has been in place for decades.  Advertisers next week are likely to hear about a revival of “American Idol” at ABC; an “X-Men” drama at Fox; and a live showing of “Jesus Christ Superstar” on NBC. In an era when linking a brand to controversial content can generate massive approval via social media, there’s something to say about programming one can trust “There is a digital crisis of confidence which might cause dollars to migrate to the safe haven of TV,” said one of the buying executives. But that is tempered by the prospect of smaller rate hikes. If the CPM increases narrow from last year, it could put the networks on a track they had been on since 2011 – the last year prior to 2016 they were able to negotiate broader hikes. Related TV Industry Struggles to Agree on Ratings Innovation Post-recession spending helped fuel advertiser enthusiasm for TV that year. But in 2012, as NBC executives put an upfront spotlight on a Capuchin monkey who was a member of the cast of a sitcom called “Animal Practice,” advertisers pulled their purse strings tighter. Except for last year, TV networks have generally not been able to negotiate a wider CPM increase since the 2011 market. Those that have tried have often been penalized with flat or declining volume. The 2016 market was also boosted by an unusual dynamic: Big consumer-product marketers like Procter & Gamble grew frustrated with digital media and moved their money back into TV. Buyers think that reverse money flow will not show up with similar force in 2017. What’s more, buyers suggest ad spending by auto makers, movie studios and retailers will be less robust than in the recent past. Even the gadget-hawking telecommunications sector – which has pumped millions into TV in recent cycles – is seen cooling off.  The pharmaceutical industry, meanwhile, is seen ramping up ad spending in a significant way. Of course, the TV networks are selling much more than TV. All the big media companies have digital inventory to sell as well, and many of them have devised new ways of measuring audience attention upon which they can strike ad deals. The results of their labor likely won’t be known in part until later in the summer. Until then, only the people at the negotiating table will know how much money is passing hands. Filed Under: Leslie Moonves Media Measurement Tv Advertising Upfront 2017 Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 TV Steve Harvey’s Memo to Staff: ‘Do Not Approach Me’ Film Film Review: ‘King Arthur: Legend of the Sword’ Digital Bow Wow Dragged on Social Media Over Faked Photo TV ‘Sleepy Hollow’ and More Canceled TV Shows (Gallery) John Ridley’s L.A. Riots Documentary ‘Let It Fall’ Aims for Oscars Over Emmys ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’: Does Hulu Finally Have a Serious Emmy Contender? Laura Dern in the Mix for Film Academy President (EXCLUSIVE) How Jonathan Demme’s ‘Silence of the Lambs’ Broke Countless Oscar Conventions Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More TV News from Variety The Power of Content Optimize Your Beauty Sleep With a Furlesse Anti-Aging Skin Patch Network TV Series Cancellations For 2016-17 Season — So Far Victoria's Secret Museum Launches an Exhibit Celebrating Its… The Catch Series Finale Recap: Mockingbird Really Revealed 'Gilmore Girls'' Lauren Graham Would Do Another Revival 'In the… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Marketing Agency Worldwide Introduces „Think Strategically Now” to Generate Faster, Lower-Cost Research-Built Marketing Strategies The Marketing Agency Worldwide Introduces „Think Strategically Now” to Generate Faster, Lower-Cost Research-Built Marketing Strategies Introducing quantitative research-built strategies for advertising, positioning, packaging, new product concepts and acquisitions. Marketers can „Think Strategically Now” with faster, lower cost strategic research projects that include analysis and recommendations by senior advertising and marketing professionals. Projects are completed in days instead of months and at costs far below traditional levels. Los Angeles, CA, May 11, 2017 –(PR.com)– Alan L. Klein, founder and CEO of The Marketing Agency Worldwide, underscores the importance of quantitative research to underpin key marketing decisions, “Consumer-driven decision-making is essential for differentiating brands from competitors, developing optimum advertising strategies; improving package design; evaluating new product concepts; measuring demand for an imported brand; assessing a potential acquisition, and probing customer satisfaction.” “This new streamlined service overcomes the long delay and high costs of traditional strategic research,” Klein says. “Typically, a strategic research project can take months and cost $20,000 to $50,000 or more. In addition, many research teams are not experienced in strategic planning, so their findings are then sent to an advertising agency or consulting firm for analysis and strategic recommendations. But The Marketing Agency’s ‚Think Strategically Now’ can get the complete job done in two weeks and at costs that start at less than $1,000.” The exclusive 4-step process begins with a “Briefing Doc” that the client completes to specify the parameters, goals and expectations of the project. Within days, The Marketing Agency responds with a free Proposal that defines the research methodology, and what the client can expect to receive in the “deliverable,” including the research data, and the analysis and strategic recommendations by senior marketing professionals. Mission: Fast, low cost research-built strategies The Marketing Agency Worldwide has been developing successful strategies for businesses ranging from start-ups to Fortune 100 multinationals for over 30 years. Today its mission is to leverage its depth of experience with the speed and economies of advanced online research technology to provide fast, cost-effective strategic services. It has built strategies for Procter & Gamble, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Hershey’s, Unilever, Iams, Johnson & Johnson, Brunswick, Clairol, Premier Retail Networks, Scarguard, Walmart, Home Depot, NGM Media, Schweppes, GE and Transitions Optical. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apivio Announces First Quarter Financial Results Next PostNext Apivio Announces First Quarter Financial Results Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Freitag, 12. Mai | 07:01 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 13:00 | 11.05.2017 Dollar General Literacy Foundation Awards More Than $7.5 Million to Nearly 870 Schools, Nonprofits and Literacy Organizations The Dollar General Literacy Foundation announced the award of more than $7.5 million in literacy grants to nearly 870 nonprofit organizations, libraries and schools this morning. Awarded funds are aimed at supporting adult, family and summer literacy programs within a 20-mile radius of a Dollar General store or distribution center across the 44 states Dollar General serves. “Dollar General is excited to provide these organizations with funding to support literacy and education throughout the 44 states we serve,” said Todd Vasos, Dollar General’s CEO. “Providing these grants and supporting the communities we call home reflects our mission of Serving Others and it’s rewarding to see the impact these funds have.” Recipients of today’s grant announcements plan to use Dollar General Literacy Foundation funds to help adults learn to read, prepare for the high school equivalency exam, promote childhood summer reading or learn English. A complete list of grant recipients may be found online at www.dgliteracy.org. The Dollar General Literacy Foundation is also currently accepting applications for youth literacy grants through Thursday, May 18, 2017. Youth literacy grants support schools, public libraries and nonprofit organizations in implementing new or expanding existing literacy efforts. Funding can be used to purchase new technology, equipment, books, materials or software to enhance literacy programs. Applications are available online at www.dgliteracy.org. For additional information, photographs or items to supplement a story, please visit the Dollar General Newsroom or contact the Media Relations Department at 1-877-944-DGPR (3477) or via email at dgpr@dg.com. About the Dollar General Literacy Foundation The Dollar General Literacy Foundation is proud to support initiatives that help others improve their lives through literacy and education as part of the company’s mission of Serving Others for over 20 years. Since its inception in 1993, the Dollar General Literacy Foundation has awarded more than $135 million in grants to nonprofit organizations, helping more than 8.6 million individuals take their first steps toward literacy or continued education. For more information about the Dollar General Literacy Foundation and its grant programs, visit www.dgliteracy.org. About Dollar General Corporation Dollar General Corporation has been delivering value to shoppers for over 75 years. Dollar General helps shoppers Save time. Save money. Every day!® by offering products that are frequently used and replenished, such as food, snacks, health and beauty aids, cleaning supplies, clothing for the family, housewares and seasonal items at low everyday prices in convenient neighborhood locations. Dollar General operated 13,601 stores in 44 states as of May 5, 2017. In addition to high quality private brands, Dollar General sells products from America’s most-trusted brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, Unilever, Kellogg’s, General Mills, Nabisco, Hanes, PepsiCo and Coca-Cola. Learn more about Dollar General at www.dollargeneral.com. Follow Dollar General: FacebookTwitterPinterest View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170511005363/en/ Bookmarken NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 09:00 Uhr | 12.05.2017 Hapag-Lloyd trotzt höheren ... 08:57 Uhr | 12.05.2017 ROUNDUP: ArcelorMittal verdient ... 08:57 Uhr | 12.05.2017 Jeder vierte Rentner geht mit ... 08:51 Uhr | 12.05.2017 Deutsche Anleihen: Wenig Bewegung ... 08:28 Uhr | 12.05.2017 ROUNDUP 2/Aufschwung gewinnt ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min       Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
12/05/2017 Search our Archive Home News Sport What's On Deaths Motoring About us Contact us You are in: > Tipperarystar > Home South Tipperary General Hospital to receive donation of smallest ever nappy for premature babies from pampers 11 May 2017 0 Pampers has developed its smallest nappy yet, the Pampers Preemie Protection Size P3. Designed specifically to meet the needs of the tiniest little fighters, the Size P3 nappy is three sizes smaller than a regular newborn nappy and is suitable for babies weighing as little as 1.8lb (800g). Pampers is demonstrating its continued commitment to the happy, healthy development of every baby in Ireland, including those born prematurely, by making 300,0001 of its smallest nappies available to Irish Maternity hospitals’ including South Tipperary General hospital, giving every premature baby born in Tipperary access to free nappies. Approximately 4,500 babies are born prematurely in Ireland each year and due to advances in medical science, survival rates of these little fighters are increasing3. Neo-natal nurse and developmental specialist Cherry Bond said “Premature babies have very unique requirements, which need to be valued and considered in every element of their care; the right nappy is no exception. The nappies that are currently available do not fit the smallest babies properly so are often cut and folded to size, which can cause discomfort and impede optimal development”. That’s why Pampers has designed a range of nappies specifically to meet the needs of premature babies, and is donating them to hospitals.   Campaign ambassador, singer and mother, Sophie Ellis-Bextor said, “As a mum of two premature babies, I have seen first-hand the extraordinary power of babies to fight against the odds. When your little one is in the neonatal intensive care unit, all you want is to give them the best chance to grow healthy and strong, and this also means having the right nappy for their needs.  During our stretch in hospital, nappy changing was one of the few chances we had to touch and bond with our boys. They were so fragile and it was difficult– we tried to fold the bigger nappies over but the boys looked really uncomfortable in them. I am so pleased that Pampers has developed special nappies for preemies and is donating them to Irish hospitals. This will make such a huge difference to these tiny babies and their families.”   Pampers is partnering with Irish Premature Babies, Ireland’s leading charity for babies born premature or sick, to help support the littlest fighters in Neonatal Units. Gail de Loughry from the Premature Babies Charity said, “Caring for a premature baby can be so daunting given their size and fragility. The new range of Pampers nappies for premature babies will make a real difference to babies and those who care for them. The more a family is actively involved in caring for their premature baby the better it is for their development. The nappy change is one opportunity for parents to take the lead and these new nappies designed for premature babies that are fit for purpose will make this so much easier“   New Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are designed to minimise disruption to help with sleep, positioning, and medical care for premature babies. Regular newborn nappies currently used by Neonatal nurses have a wide core that can push baby’s legs apart, not allowing baby’s hips and legs to rest comfortably, which 99% of nurses agree disrupts healthy growth and development4.   The happy and healthy development of every baby, including the tiniest little fighters, is our priority, that is why when nurses asked us to design a nappy for the most vulnerable babies, we rose to the challenge” said Ian Morley, Commercial Director at P&G. “It took us three years and over 10,000 hours of research to develop the new P3 nappy, which is designed to provide comfort and protection for the smallest babies. As a parent of two preemies myself, I am extremely proud that we have created a nappy which meets the very unique needs of premature babies and those that care for them”.   Pampers Preemie Protection nappies are available in sizes P1 (less than 5lb/ 2.7kg) and P2 (less than 4lb/ 1.8kg) and P3 (less than 1.8lb/ 0.8kg). The nappies are not available to buy as Pampers is donating them to hospitals. To arrange product sample delivery, we advise all hospitals to contact pampers.preemie@fleishmaneurope.com . We are currently working to ensure all Irish hospitals have access to free preemie nappies.   Leave your comment Share your opinions on Text Characters left: 1500 Digital newsstand Our latest editions exactly as they are printed Buy edition Browse edition Motorway similar to this proposed to link Limerick and Tipperary/Waterford Motorway proposal gets backing from Tipperary Co. Council Tipperary pub celebrated in the latest Guinness Hop House 13 ad Judge Elizabeth MacGrath Tipperary court: Nenagh woman stabbed her husband after he 'kicked the daylights' out of her Tipperary people flock to Kilkenny to catch glimpse of royal couple Tipperary deaths - Thursday 11 May, 2017 The door of Scoil Ailbe ahead of JP Cooneys return to his alma mater Heroes welcome: Rugby star JP Cooney returns to his alma mater in Thurles to a rousing reception The Irish Cancer Society is wwarning outdoor workers about the need to be sun smart 377 Tipperary people were diagnosed with skin cancer last year Hopes for repatriation of body of Tipperary man hanged for murder Tipperary TD's Breaking: Tipp TD's hopeful of getting extension for Littleton Bord na Mona plant to 2020 Tom Kennedy pictured with his late wife Maureen and one of their grandchildren a few years ago. Tribute: The late Tom Kennedy, Clogheraily, Loughmore is laid to rest after tragic accident UPDATE Father of All Ireland winning Tipperary hurler dies in tragic accident Judge Tom Teehan Tipperary court: Thurles man jailed over unprovoked assault that left victim needing eye operation Tweets by @tippstar   Home News Sport What's On Deaths Motoring About us Contact us Rss Privacy Policy Cookie policy If you wish, you can contact us using any of the methods below:  Tipperary Star, Friar Street, Thurles, Co Tipperary Email: news@tipperarystar.ie Telephone: 0504 29100 This website and its associated newspaper are full participating members of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Tipparary Star provides news, events and sport features from the Tipperary area. For the best up to date information relating to Tipperary and the surrounding areas visit us at Tipperary Star regularly or bookmark this page.
