Former Merck Employee Targeted After Speaking out Against Forced Vaccina... via  YouTube
Pharmaron to acquire Merck Sharpe & Dohme's Hoddesdon research facility in UK 
The article takes the usual silly assumption that 225 companies are one entity. If I review Merck's drug more favorably, job at Pfizer
 GeoffSchuler  itsmepanda1  SpectreJayne  GrumFromNorwich and Merck are known frauds and falsify data for own agenda    
 GeoffSchuler  itsmepanda1  SpectreJayne  GrumFromNorwich seems like it's a protection racket to keep Merck in the money to me.
Happy 2 make kids & hubby proud, thx  merck Kunbi Rudnick, Merck & Co., Inc. | Working Mother via  _workingmother_
Passport: √ Tickets: √ Our mobile app: √ Our app helps you expect the unexpected: 
Associate Director, Integrated Logistics Procurement Job - Merck - Whitehouse Station, NJ 
Director of Device Packaging Procurement Job - Merck - Whitehouse Station, NJ 
Associate Director, Global Product Launch Planning Job - Merck - Whitehouse Station, NJ 
 FDA  Merck, Pfizer to Release NDAs for Diabetes Drug Combinations After Phase III 
 ECTRIMS2016 – Data on Merck Treatment for Relapsing MS, Cladribine Tablets, Show Long-Term Benefit. Read more >> 
We run hard for Merck,  bothteams1st  doit4merck
And run for Merck they did! BOTH TEAMS WON THE HALL COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP!!!!
Merck created a fake journal to exaggerate efficacy of Vioxx and underplay or underreport cardiac arrest. - easyrhetor  MasonSTC  wow
The CTSU has received research grants from Abbott, AstraZeneca, Bayer, GlaxoSmithKline, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Schering, and Solvay
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Disgusting, please sign! TY!
Stacey Merck, of Chestatee High School in Gainesville, was struck in the face by a truck's rear view mirror. 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Chestatee boys and girls win Hall County Cross Country!  Lindsay Grater is first overall for girls. We miss you Merck!!
Well done Merck!  MerckNE  
There are no short cuts to enlightenment or understanding.
Merck gives back to horses, one more time 
 LillyTrials  Merck  decisionpros This is a great conference. What hashtag should I follow?
We partnered with  Merck and  decisionpros to create the first  SDM Summit. Follow our real-time updates tomorrow! 
Merck Animal Health Beef Sustainability Calculator App 
Who cares. There's a war going on. This is how BIG pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Merck's safety data is fake: they used reactive aluminum-based placebo when testing Gardasil! Read the transcript ☛ 
Pharmaron to acquire Merck Sharpe & Dohme's Hoddesdon research facility in UK: Pharma... 
I just love Rumple and Belle together 😍😍😍😍  OnceUponATime
" fredhutch,  Merck co-host inaugural ‘Oncology Summit’ 
 StartupLou
 jgbcc  UKMarkey
At inaugural  FredHutch  Merck 'Oncology Summit,' top minds talk faster  cancer therapies, advancing  immunotherapy 
WE ARE HIRING  Merck  Merck Careers!!! Check out our latest amazing HIT Customer Leads' career opportunities.... 
Ex-Merck Rep: Mandatory Vaccination Is For Profit, Not Public Health 
Merck is hiring! Associate Director, Business/Technical Analysis 
WE ARE HIRING  MERCK ! Check out our amazing HIT Customer Lead career oppty Please 'Share' with your Social Networks 
WE ARE HIRING  MERCK ! Check out our latest amazing HIT Customer Leads' career opptys. Please 'Share' with your Soci…
The Institute of the Americas and  Merck collaborate to offer the 14th Latin American seminar on  science and… 
Job Opportunities at Merck 
How sustainable is your beef? Merck Animal Health launches beef sustainability calculator app  via  sustainability
 itsmepanda1  SpectreJayne  GrumFromNorwich  GeoffSchuler seems anyone who question vaccine safety is the devil. Got to protect Merck    
Mitzi's just driving around the Merck campus cat calling men.
Gilead 'Paralyzed' On Likely Hepatitis C Share Loss To AbbVie, Merck 
I would kill for the chance to be the genie in Aladdin one day
 California  voters  prop61 Why does  Merck &  pfizer oppose 61?!? 
Merck Sharp Dohme Corporation & - Now Hiring - Nationwide 
Curious about where we've taken  purewater tech since AFS Water Systems won  RandDMagazine 2015 R&D 100? Flashback: 
Only way to go   Merck West Point Site 
Been here (  Merck & Co, Inc in Madison, NJ) 
Gilead 'Paralyzed' On Likely Hepatitis C Share Loss To AbbVie,  Merck. Read more:  Merck
 EMcCra2  GavanBoucher  jkellyca  berlinbuggirl  Awithonelison If they really cared about health they would be tweeting Merck about  Vioxx
Motco Has  3,207,000 Position in  Merck & Co. (). Read more:  Merck
The 2nd intake of the  Merck  Accelerator ft  DisruptAfrica Read all about our startups here:  VERIPADapp  medrxapp
 CBCNews  andrewcbc This is why there are no stories talking about the downside to the flu vaccine. GSK and Merck are sponsors of CBC.
Viresolve® Pro Shield H Prefilter for Robust Parvovirus Removal Launched by Merck 
Investors Reward  Merck Despite Flat Revenue Growth. Read more:  Merck
 GavanBoucher  EMcCra2  jkellyca  berlinbuggirl  Awithonelison \Vioxx killed 50k people Gave get some perspectiv attack Merck for genocide
Other peer-reviewed, published studies – not funded by Merck – have found links between vaccines and autism.
After overseeing CDC’s greenlighting of MMR vaccine, Dr. Gerberding then became president of Merck vaccines, which claims tidy  5 billion...
...who left her CDC post after safety studies to take position w/Merck, also maker of ill-fated Gardasil vaccine& so-called shingles vaccine
He always concluded that no evidence links thimerosal in vaccines with autism, & that no link exists between Merck’s MMR vaccine and autism.
 Merck Gilead 'Paralyzed' On Likely hepatitis C Share Loss To AbbVie, Merck 
 DAMSConsulting 😂 👍 I've been anticipating a Merck partnership since March. Just looking for solid intel is all. Thanks!
Gilead 'Paralyzed' On Likely hepatitis C Share Loss To AbbVie,  Merck. Read more:  Merck
Merck Animal Health Beef Sustainability Calculator App: Merck Animal Health has launched a new app for Apple ... 
Download  MerckAH  Beef  Sustainability Calculator  App 
Looking for a great effort in the Hall Co. Championships today. Coach Merck is with us in spirit!! Miss you Coach. 
 itsmepanda1  GrumFromNorwich  GeoffSchuler  MellissaD  SpectreJayne  doritmi and that Merck used reactive placebo 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  vegan
during last 5 yrs, FDA - NOT YOUR FRIEND - has collected  2.5 Billion from Bristol Meyers, Merck, Eli Lilly & Pfizer 
St. Louis Trust Co Reduces Stake in Merck & Co.  Merck 
Join the  StrataHadoop session & learn how  Merck uses  MSFT  RServer to do predictive analysis for pharmacies: 
Interesting 
Associate Director, Contract Optimization Job - Merck - Gwynedd, PA | 
Intel Becomes  13 Most Shorted Dow Stock, Replacing Merck (Dividend Channel/Forbes.com Market News) 
Merck launches Viresolve Pro Shield H for more robust, economical parvovirus removal 
Merck Animal Health launches beef sustainability calculator app 
"Why  Merck,  Pfizer, and Others are using Microflow LC/MS"  bioanalysis  masspec on  LinkedIn
Senior Scientist –   Cheminformatics / Data Science Job - West Point PA - Merck 
Thru mid-Oct Merck Manuals focus on child  bullying prevention strategies & effect bullying has on  medical issues. 
He was a engineer for Merck with his masters degree, and drives lyft to start his own business, yet you racially profile him.
 Merck Immigration Policy is RIGGED against American Workers  Trump2016  FeelTheBern 
We’re committed to helping patients obtain & afford the medicines they need. Learn how in our 2015/2016 CR Report:… 
Some of the more notable corporations that enjoy  CFR_org membership include AIG, BP, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Google, Merck, & Pfizer.
Fantastic to welcome speakers from  Shireplc  Merck  EliLillyCo  GEHealthcare  FagronGR at our 2017 Temperature Maintenance Conference
Merck Sharp Dohme Corporation & - Now Hiring - Worldwide 
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts  Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time -  HPVvaccine  
NatureBiotech: .Merck stakes out 'irritable' neuron territory with  1.25 billion - Cormac_Sheridan … 
. Merck stakes out 'irritable' neuron territory with  1.25 billion -  Cormac_Sheridan  P2X3… 
Final Sept 29 Webinar Registration: TLC/ HPTLC for rapid quantitative results in Food & Beverage. Info & register:  
Merck Animal Health launches beef sustainability calculator app | Bovine Vet Online... 
Sign the Petition: This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits. Horrible  MerckAH 
CRO pharmaron and MSD reach shared site agreement.  gmp  manufacturing Merck 
CRO  pharmaron and MSD reach shared site agreement.  gmp  manufacturing  Merck 
 M_Merck Private and sexy chats with me ==> Got to my profile and click the website! Cum enjoy me!
 Merck  _workingmother_ what about  workingfarthers?
When owning the rights to EpiPen, Germans (Merck KGaA) were content to sell at a decent profit despite 90% mkt share. This makes them:
 Merck is hiring an entire digital team. Maybe the Canadian numbers will look better in 2017!  imsPSC2016
 Merck's Viresolve Pro Shield H virus filter removes protein aggregates and other impurities . Read more:  Merck
_workingmother_:

Proud to make the list for the 29th year!  WM100Best 
— Merck (Merck) September 27, 2016
Merck is building an inclusive culture that supports “diversity of thought.”  vibrantLife  thepowerofdiversity 
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is building an inclusive culture that supports “diversity of thought.”  vibrantLife… 
Congrats Merck !  WM100Best 
— Working Mother (_workingmother_) September 27, 2016
Congrats  Merck !  WM100Best 
Intel Becomes  13 Most Shorted Dow Stock, Replacing Merck - Forbes 
 Merck MSD, Wayra launch new digital accelerator programme. Read more:  Merck
 Merck MSD Wayra launch new digital accelerator programme. Read more:  Merck
 GrumFromNorwich His dealings with Merck makes him unacceptable as an objective spokesman. EMcCra2  qtbeauty  GeoffSchuler  doritmi  G_I_Am
leahanne: Volume Alert - Merck 62.24 Merck & Company  Merck Hit 
A great article on a great initiative! We should all be working together to end malnutrition:… 
Volume Alert - Merck 62.24 Merck & Company  Merck Hit a high today of 62.39 Closing the day 10:30 at 62.24 +0.09 + 
China Fast Tracks Merck's Cancer Drug  Keytruda For Approval, But There's A Catch via  forbes 
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push  medicaltourism  pharma 
Although you might choose to rely on your imagination when dev... More for Aquarius 
 Merck  Hillary learned everything about  Labor Unions while crushing them for  Walmart 
Thank you Dr. Gewirtz, Dr. Segre & Dr. Xavier! Enjoy the exhibits & poster session during the break sponsored by  Merck  IGC2016
The Merck Manual of Diagnosis and Therapy, 16E by Merck via  amazon
Proud to be named to  _WorkingMother_ magazine’s 100 Best Companies List for the 29th year. 
Companies developing new  immunotherapy drugs for treating advanced non-small cell lung cancer   LungCancer
The Merck Manual of Diagnosis and Therapy (13th Edition) by Editors Robert Be... via  amazon
. thehorse,  MerckAH Partner for  Rabies Education Week  WorldRabiesDay
Intel Becomes  13 Most Shorted Dow Stock, Replacing Merck 
Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2011 Sales and Earnings Conference Call       on October 28 
Merck, Moderna tie up in  200M deal to develop mRNA-based ‘personalized’ cancer vaccines 
University-foundd VCs a good idea. Hv 2avoid distrib'g investment too widely e.g. "U've bn a good professor so...": Halse  Merck  SachsForum
 3Novices : Intel Becomes  13 Most Shorted Dow Stock, Replacing Merck The most recent short interest data has been…
Intel Becomes  13 Most Shorted Dow Stock, Replacing Merck  market
Congrats to Merck for earning a place on the  WM100Best!  workmom
Merck's Gardasil leads to major HPV declines, but coverage holes remain: Study 
Congrats to  Merck for earning a place on the  WM100Best!  workmom
Proud to be recognized last night for our work on UN Street Youth Consultations with our clients  salesforce… 
Hear from previous STEP Ahead Honoree on why  MFGwomen are crucial to the industry:  Merck
Merck e-health accelerator picks 2nd cohort 
In EU, is a belief that u hv 2build another  BIIB 2b succ'ful. In US it is OK to "turn & burn" in just 3-5 years: Halse  Merck  SachsForum
Moderating the early stage investment panel at  SachsForum  SachsAssociates in Basel today w JJDC, EdRIP, NBE Tx,  Merck (MSD) & Clayton Bio
Peregrine Pharmaceuticals Provides Update on Oral Presentation of Top-Line Data from Phase III SUNR... |  scoopit 
 HINJ Cos Named to  WorkingMother 100 Best: Abbott, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Lilly, J&J, Merck, Novartis & Novo Nordisk 
Excited to Announce Distribution Agreement with  MilliporeSigma for  JenKemUSA  PEGylation solutions! via  YahooNews
 Merck Congratulations!  That's an honor to be proud of in today's world!
 Merck Clinton on Immigration and Border Control. Is he racist for this? No
 MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Also welcoming  Merck_lifesci as a  Practicalities2017 conference sponsor - thank you for your support!
ME & ChE Seniors: Apply for the Merck Manufacturing Leadership Development Program   vuengineercareers
 icansketchu  CplBart  aspiritcan  ParentAlerte  Stutzy6  USMerckProducts  Merck  MerckforMothers   USAO_NJ Singula… 
Continue to keep Coach Merck and her family on your heart and mind today as she undergoes her first surgery this afternoon!
 Merck's capital markets communications voted 2nd best among  Dax 30 by  manager_magazin and  HHLnews 
Check the news about our  Beef Sustainability Calculator App, which we created in partnership with  Bovidiva  
Merck's Keytruda enters China market through tourism program 
 pharma  medtourism  hcsm
NovaBone Bioactive Synthetic Bone Graft |  scoopit 
 Health  Journalism  LatAm  InstituteOfTheAmericas  Merck  MSD  BeWell   Harvard Faculty Club 
Hear how a taxnomy was implemented at  Merck as a key enabler in improving product knowledge sharing at  TaxoBC!
Ladies, curious about what makes a long life worth living? Find out on our  TheEIU article  WE100 
 Charlotte  Jobs (USA-NC-Charlotte) Incident Management Specialist: Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A... 
 Job  Charlotte (USA-NC-Charlotte) Incident Management Specialist: Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A.... 
Excited to welcome Merck Millipore to the  gradfair 
Anti-cancer drug Keytruda to bring medical travellers to Hainan 
 Merck  medicaltravel… 
Merck Capacity Advancement Program with Bhupendra Jaiswal, Diabetes India
Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Helen Philip, Nigeria
 MerckCancerTips - Avoid smoking to prevent cancer. 
. Merck & Wayra calling for "radical solutions" to improve care of patients with diabetes/cancer… 
Concussion myths debunked by Merck Manual author, Dr. James Wilberger:  HealthTips  Concussion
I've signed!  Can you? his is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Merck Leadership Development Program for Graduating Seniors - Deadline Friday! 
Proud to have Roy Baynes from Merck at  biotechweekboston, read what he had to say this summer to  businessinsider 
Khatereh Ahmadi of  Merck explains R&D around Keytruda  EBDC2016  biotechweek
Praying for you Stacey Huff Merck! Stay strong!!! 
 Datahngry What info are you looking for ? About INHIBITOR Q8467 OF DUPONT MERCK ? Do you want to now about its reactions,unii,experimental-
 Merck Wanna come and share your advances with our delegates in Singapore at  SGANZICS 2017?  ICM  CCM  AsiaPacific premier conference!
Currently at Merck more than a mother event. Absolutely awesome what they are doing. Together we… 
 merck hello how u today ?
Merck Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. EOD Data
Read More --> 
 Merck  KGC  MTSL  pennystocks
Merck Aurora Cannabis Inc. Dividend
 Merck  NKE  RRGB  stock QLD Acacia Communications, Inc. Yield
Read…
 Job  Nebraska Associate Principal Scientist Job - Merck - Elkhorn, NE: Works on departmental and interdepart... 
 Job  Nebraska Production Technician Job - Merck - Elkhorn, NE: College degree in a relevant scientific field... 
Senator Dr. Lanre Tejuoso who is also Merck more than a mother Ambassador in Nigeria giving his… 
No childless woman should suffer stigmatization. 
Together, we can create a culture shift! 
 MERCK… 
Associate Engineer / Scientist job at Merck & Co. - Elkton  Indeed  jobs
Merck more than a Mother campaign launch in Lagos Nigeria 
Getting ready to launch Merck more than a Mother infertility campaign this morning in Lagos… 
 BPSAEurope16  CobraBiologics,  Merck  MarkPetrich & GSK - discussing  End-User Expectations for European SUT manufacturers
 TeamGeorges be slaying at the  MERCK  MoreThanAMother Campaign. 
No childless woman should… 
Merck's Keytruda to make its China debut as a resort-island draw for medical tourists 
China Fast Tracks Merck's Cancer Drug For Approval, But There's A Catch via  forbes 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH please sign
Wealthy Chinese can go to Hainan instead of Hong Kong for latest therapeutics  
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH are they vampires? 
10 liters a Time!!!!!
Merck believe that no  antibiotic ever is bad for animal welfare & isn't ethical, totally agree. The US food service sector need to listen!
Keytruda Approved For Pilot Program In China - via Black Swan Intelligent Insight™
 MERCK  MoreThanAMother Campaign☺
No childless woman should suffer discrimination, stigma and… 
Rick Stibbel Merck US, strategies for ab use and surveillance of resistance now
Meat has some shocking secrets, had no idea this existed; cruel blood extraction from horses. Sign & share  MerckAH
At the  MERCK  MoreThanAMother Campaign. 
 TuesdayVibes   Oriental Hotel,Victoria Island 
We’re supporting the global  GetPersonal campaign that aims to improve outcomes for all affected by metastatic colo… 
PETITION: This is how the  pharma industry turns  horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Clinical Scientist, Oncology Job: Clinical Scientist, Oncology Job in Life Sciences with Merck. Apply Today.  pharma
 Dow  stocks  Merck Merck  Daily:-1.29% Weekly:1.34% YTD:19.66% Trend:44 / 100  
 BPSAEurope16 Keynoter Mark Petrich, Merck, opens BPSA European Summit on  How SUTs play into Corporate End-User Strategy.
Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Helen Philip, Nigeria: via  YouTube
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time 
This is how the pharma industry turns  horse blood into profits  rickygervais  animalcruelty
 BlaineJacob  Mmueller88  pedrodon if not for the CDC whistleblower, Dr Thompson, I don't think I would believe. That and the CDC and Merck
 jvgraz I'm sure  GovHowardDean can ask  Pfizer and Merck for something for the sniffles.
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time 
D-6  iDays conference by  euronext  panakes  BGequity  Medicxi and  Merck 
Join Veterans
Vote No on 61,
says a TV ad.
[with major funding from Merck, Pfizer, and other pharmaceutical compan… 
Ex-Merck Rep: Mandatory Vaccination Is For Profit, Not Public Health via  yournewswire
 VOTE YES on  Prop61  California  LosAngeles  SF  Sacramento . Ad below is paid for by big  pharmaceutical Co.… 
Awesome set up for Merck More than a Mother launch in Lagos, Nigeria 
 NoProp61 this prop is sponsored by  Pfizer &  Merck Co  pharmaceutical  pharmacompanies
This has to stop, please help: This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push     via  WSJ
 DYK There are various other factors associated with   LungCancer than just  smoking via  Pfizer 
These ads disgust me Blame the parents that never knew this exhisted? selling Merck stock sue your drs for not shari
Save up to 83% of time & costs by using Chromabolt® prepacked columns  chromatography 
 CDCgov Not one film would make a person loose faith in vaccines alone but this is my 5th.  Deniability is everything mate  Merck  BigPharma
Big Weed Alert: Big Pharmas Likely to Acquire Marijuana-Based Drug Companies 
Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Victoria John Kuba, Nigeria 
Obama says "It Matters" ...Get out and vote for  HillaryClinton 
Merck is in our studio for Bake for a cause.. all the baked goodies are donated to those in need… 
And I'm not throwing away my shot  hamilton  earlymorningbroadwaysoundtracks
Ever heard of ' International Medical Tourism Pilot Zones'? - Health tourism finds new ways...   
MERCK IPX8 Head Wearing Type 4GB Memory Waterproof Sport Stereo Mp3 Music Player Head 
Sweltry wooden horse brother trades frequency meter: jpmorgan, merck, american global bulk, peabody fervor, american topflight res: nrmQU
 kathryn_merck  emmafrat_ classic Merck 💩👀🐍
 Merck 's  Keytruda  to make its  China  debut as a resort-island draw for  medical tourists 
 emmafrat_ this tweet was about you 😬
 kathryn_merck  ktlegos at us next time 👀👀
Interesting way for Merck to launch Keytruda in China - via medical tourism 
The car of the future with materials from Merck. Read More: 
 isabellebanyez1 theatre probs
No woman should die giving life in today’s world! Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality.... 
 kathryn_merck is so extra
so sick of being treated like shit
 Dr_Merck always will have the reporter gene. Some respect it others don't.
 RochelleRitchie still got the reporter gene. Thanks for this.
Trump is in his feelings. Now he wants to play nice.
Donald Trump is like Deborah and Lester Holt is like Red.
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  Please read this and sign petition
do you ever just get so mad that talking to other people just gets you even more mad
Lester Holt is shy and passive in this debate. He acts as if his wife beats him and makes him cower in the corner.   PresidentialDebate
Get well soon coach Merck 
We've found the source of Trump's sniffling, per Howard Dean. 
Merck's New Billion Dollar Cholesterol Baby  generalhealth
 jemelehill is this why he keeps sniffling? 
 berrypunchkiss right.
Trump is a bully on the playground
 CatalinaByrd  SeanBreeze his town is what his people want to hear.
Obama and Clinton created a vacuum!!!! (Dyson or Merck?) 
Dear republican friends, we are watching Donald Trump destroy what The Grand Ole Party truly is. This is the death of the GOP.
Trump really needs to blow his damn nose.
Trump is disrespectful. He has no diplomacy. The best thing that Hilary can do is just be quiet and calm.
 stopdierenmishandeling  paarden  bloed
 PaulBegala  Dr_Merck at last count I saw 40
They should let Bill Mahar and Bill O'Reilly co-moderate a debate if they really want a circus.
Lester Holt needs to grow a set and firm up.
 Dr_Merck you are not alone (in my Michael Jackson voice) smh
Would a third party candidate have made this debate interesting?
Am I the only one that's unimpressed and unmotivated by this countries presidential candidates?  PresidentialDebate
Neither of them look presidential. Donald looks so smug.
Honestly, black people are disgusted by Trump but are any of you truly in love with Hilary?
I'm sure Lester Holt is a nice smart man but we needed Samuel L. Jackson to moderate this debate.
Stop and frisk will lead to a national civil war. That is gas on an angry burning flame.
Merck Walt Disney Co. News
 Merck  TAN  IBB  investing
It figures that Trump would get the FOP endorsement. That speaks volumes.  PresidentialDebate
I really feel like this debate is like an  snl  skit.  PresidentialDebate
 tedlieu  DotFranny  RepTedLieu  exxonmobil  bradnews Thank you. They also need to investigate  merck
 IamLaurenGill I'm not feeling either of them. This is comically.
 RochelleRitchie pandering to his angry middle America base.
This debate is so lit right now!  debatenight
Trump on race!? This should be good.
I was waiting for the email references.
No more  Gardasil. Go to hell  Merck!
 bigpharma 
Trump is dead on. We are in a bubble. If rates move, we are in trouble. Student loan default will be real and the bond market will suffer.
Hold up! Aren't Trump's Macy's/JCP suits and ties made in China?!  debate2016
Lester needs a drink and to take a firm hand on this debate.
Two kids on the playground fighting over a red fire truck. That's what this debate is  PresidentialDebate
It's something about being white and orange and being named Donald.… 
I wonder if Lester Holt is making faces at this foolishness .
That wasn't the question, Donald.
I propose a different drinking game. Take a shot every time Trump actually answers a question directly.  debatenight
 Iifepost  Josh_Merck if this isn't you😂
 Josh_Merck  IfYouSeek_Amy__ that's honestly the cutest thing I have ever seen 😭😍
 kathryn_merck please hook me up w some res friends
 kathryn_merck WOW I KNOW EXACTLY WHAT CONTEST YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT TOO
 arianamendes24 yeah guess they won some contest :/ unfair to us at CPS who can barely afford AP classes
 kathryn_merck but wait Shawn is gonna be there ? I'm lost
the Aladdin soundtrack is so damn good
to all my ignatius theatre friends who put the video of your Ariel on your story, that was a true piece of art can't wait to see that in Nov
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time | Galactic Connection 
No woman should die giving life in today’s world! Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality  ad
Mrs. Merck wouldn't lie. I believe she wasn't on the road. 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH - PLEASE STAND UP FOR HORSES BEFORE PROFITS!
can u take viagra with high blood pressure generic cialis cheapest propecia brand merck
 natchamp  MRY_ivy  Merck & why are 54% (Pub Med) kids sick:  chronicillness  autoimmune  allergies  ADHD  autism H… 
Unconscionable Merck operative tried to bury scientific study revealing harm caused by Gardasil 
Get to know the new startups of the Merck Accelerator 
 arianamendes24  kathryn_merck that makes two of us
Technique in order to command yes indeedy osteopath adit great wen?: mRk
 CNBC The real truth about  NorthwestBio Phase 3 GBM brain cancer trial  megtirrell  NWBO  Merck  BMY  AZN 
Heading to Mrk  315 
Only Stocks I need Are  PFE ,  Merck , And  ITUS  ideas  millionaire 
Project CARS: tramite  YouTube
|LIVE NOW|  Pop  Rock  Country  meerkat 
Mrk, I miss you:(((  FernandoXE
 TimLanning  JenniferCheek Don't control it.
 CornyDeviless  rbristow  JenniferCheek Well yeah, because Benghazi and emails and Clinton Foundation. Obviously.
I would rather get stabbed in the face than be this nauseous 🙄
Dow  Stocks Trend  Boeing  P&G  MSFT  CSCO  CAT  IBM  Walmart  Merck  UNH  Apple  AXP  Intel  V  DD  JNJ  MCD  GS  JPM  VZ    
Dow  Stocks Performance  MSFT  IBM  NKE  Intel  AXP  CSCO  KO  JNJ  GE  DD  HD  Walmart  JPM  GS  UNH  Merck  VZ  more  
I have Coffee Tree on my island! Now my island is even more awesome!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
I've harvested 224 of food!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
I've collected 2,210 gold coins!  iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
I've harvested 70 of food!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
 RichardDawkins I hope like hell that you're right
I've harvested 30 of food!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
I've harvested 2 of food!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
I've collected 396 gold coins!  iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
 RNAiAnalyst GILD sales down 19.2b in 2015 so far 8.3b 2016 lets say 16b for 2016 so mrk/abbie have picked up the difference rgls/achn next
 Jesus For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain,... 
|LIVE NOW|   meerkat 
 angeeelespaz osea mrk claro original x 100pre el wilson
|LIVE NOW| 🙏 Just  Jesus Evangelistic Campaign - Day 271 🙏  meerkat   meerkat 
|LIVE NOW| Bubble Ball Soccer Last Man Standing.   meerkat 
Retweeted THE RIDE ( Biker_Radio):
|LIVE NOW| Hairy George and The Usual Suspects  meerkat 
Mrk Google ya es legal-w-
Mrk madure.
 zoe_mansell you sure they wasn't already physchos  I've watched it once and one of them was a fucking A class nutter
And Jesus answering said unto them, Do ye not therefore err, because ye know not the scriptures, neither the power.. 
|LIVE NOW| 🙏 Revive the  Family - Day 236 🙏  meerkat   meerkat 
 SIRloin2466  KnkyKupl 
MrK suggested BBB which works for C...me, not so much.  Setting one up for Jeep accessories it is!!!
Thanks for the follow Gwlithyn Elderkin! I appreciate it! September 27, 2016 at 02:33PM mrk_dee
CRASH COURSE
Improve your conversion rate with user testing in just 4 weeks. Sign up for this  UserTesting 
Merck
2016/02/22 B  50.28 x 390 =  19,609.20
2016/05/26 S  56.47 x 390 =  22,023,30
+ 2,414.10 in 95 days, +12.31%
APR +56.22%
Big Pharma takes big lease in South S.F. to consolidate California operations  Biotech
I'm a hedgehog.  fizedd is a hedgehog.  JacobZebley is a hedgehog.  realDonaldTrump is not a hedgehog  newtgingrich
Consider it pure joy, whenever u face trials of many kinds, because u know that the testing of your faith develops perseverance.James 1:2 🌞🙌
Mrk, Lina es amor.
I've harvested 171 of food!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
I've harvested 60 of food!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
I've collected 235 gold coins!  iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
Big Pharma takes big lease in South S.F. to consolidate California operations  sanfrancisco
Big Pharma takes big lease in South S.F. to consolidate California operations via  SFBusinessTimes
 mrkhndy hi Mrk.  Have you left the apartment yet?
immuno-oncology Canidates Like  AZN and  Merck Are Eyeballing  BUYOUTS Like  ITUS Look 
 Merck Full bullish engulfing on daily, 62.80 is the break out point but I venture a guess we start there & work on 64 for the end of tomorrow
From decluttering to adding a fresh coat of paint,  here's what you need to know when selling your home this fall! 
Forget  SamAllardyce the greedy arrogant halfwit, who at the  FA is accountable for this latest fiasco!  Embarrasing  incompetence  England
Big Pharma takes big lease in South S.F. to consolidate California operations 
Nahhhh ice just realised what I've done FFS 😷😷
“And he said to them, “The Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath.”
Mark 2:27 ESV 
 BigPharma is coming! Big Pharma is coming!  AZN to move into  HCP's Cove 
Me and  MrK_Okay would devour that 24... 
Love is the answer give your whole heart to him. 
I'm not hungry anymore tho
Dow  Stocks Trend  Boeing  P&G  MSFT  CSCO  Walmart  Merck  UNH  IBM  CAT  Apple  AXP  Intel  V  DD  MCD  GS  JPM  VZ  GE    
Dow  Stocks Performance  MSFT  NKE  IBM  CSCO  AXP  KO  GE  Intel  JNJ  DD  GS  HD  Walmart  Merck  JPM  Boeing  P&G  VZ more  
Big Pharma is coming! Big Pharma is coming!  AZN to move into  HCP's Cove 
Tasted sweet tho , fingers crossed for the morning 🙈
Ok because I'm a greedy cunt I've probably just give myself food poisoning chicken n rice from weeks ago (vaccum packed) fresh for ten days
Big Pharma takes big lease in South S.F. to consolidate California operations: Drug developer AstraZeneca PLC will… 
On a 500 push-up workout how many sets would you do  jockowillink related to  JockoPodcast 40 tanks ;D  GetAfterIt  DisciplineEqualsFreedom
 IBB Full recovery today, if we reclaim 297.50, then we are taking out the high find your cheap Pharms & join the party,  Merck  GILD Not  VRX
|LIVE NOW|  OdysseoLIVE - Social Media Week is live from San Jose  meerkat 
FHS Alumni  dmartin5621 still  battling at SBCC! 
Hope people know I'm not taking Euro as fact.
Big Pharma takes big lease in South S.F. to consolidate California operations… BiotechSF blog
 mrkhndy Why are you stalking Binks, Mrk?
 LMSPlayers Notification: LMS Players, Rehearsal - SOM: (see description for call)   Tue Sep 27, 2016 5:30pm - 7:30pm (Players, LHS/LMS - S…
Economics:  Supply and Demand Business projects are also due tomorrow!
 CLVS   Who's gonna win here, GILD. LLY  Merck or Takeda
Holy shit 🙄 
 DewDiligence  adamfeuerstein isn't the reason  gild went no huddle in hcv bec they knew  abbv &  mrk were coming?
|LIVE NOW| Flybox WiFi Fiber Cut! 😒  meerkat 
Fab guyz we upto mrk applause fr us👏👏👏😃  HappyBirthdayAparnaDixit 
how I see it  attackontitan  Ereri4eva  attackoncrack  AOT  snk  ereri (Vine by hei!•fritolayz.mrk) 
nothing says "Welcome Fall" like barfing for 2 days straight and a surprise trip to the ER
 La_Angelly_xD  Uysh mrk, ¡¡Huele a perras!!
. PrincipalAtHart  FalconPride
Head of the Class: Heller takes helm at Hart 
Que asco mrk
EU mergers and takeovers (Sept 27)  Merck 
 Merck EU mergers and takeovers (Sept 27) 
Skype with  spann on Monday? 
That's something else, wow. Can't wait.
Another  realestate property sold! Experience the  SothebysRltyCan difference.  Toronto 
Usher - No Limit ft. Young Thug (Drumma Boy & TRK Merck Remix)  DrummaBoyFRESH   youngthug   Usher  |… 
I've harvested 83 of food!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
I've collected 245 gold coins!  iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
 marjolijndg  KrisDebisschop  MassiniMonique  w_dercksen Was erg inspirerend! Is zeker 'food for thought' 😊
 shitxmariko  sh4wnm4ric0 me encanto mrk
I do to: spend the whole period taking pictures of everyone they saw.  FHSyerds 
 linds_hay emailed you back. What time do u have class
Unbelievable charm - we think you'll agree!
Check out  the full Ontario listing before it's gone!... 
 bergblackout2k16 let's hope for extensions 🙄
Lock myself inside these Walls, becuz out there I'm always Wrong
 MrK_FHS We speak Yearbook!  FHSyerds 
 cliffgifs_ Merck SAMEEE
Get your Skankers presents the summer Skank out packs here, inbox us for details how to make payments, it's £20... 
I've collected 13,555 gold coins!  iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
I've harvested 3,151 of food!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
The Tribez is a great game! Try to become a tribal leader!   iphone,  iphonegames,  gameinsight
Download The Tribez for the  iPhone. Enter my code - n57pmjyp - and get a bonus!    iphonegames,  gameinsight
 linds_hay emailed you again. Is this stuff due soon??
 islivingston I'll likely head out for tomorrow's setup, nothing north though. Staying near the VA/NC border.
 Mrk_WX could be, tho I think Wed-Fri all have some risk. will need sun... imagine there will be one or two somewhere tho.
 islivingston Tomorrow looks more interesting than Thursday in my opinion, and Thurs is the day the energy reaches your area, apparently.
 NLNK  Merck:
NewLink Genetics Has Many Near-Term Catalysts:
 linds_hay also check your email...
 linds_hay when us your stuff due?
 mrkhndy  tiggermouse  re_Claire mrk, have sex with these ladies. You owe it to the community
nw: totally spies*
Wow, what an idea! 
 HeidelbergU cool! Extension for all homework then.
Can't Stop.
Learn to be alone.
 KatelinHales solutions are now posted.  PassItOn
Strongest Health Care left to right:  EW  ISRG  BDX  VAR  AMGN  DGX  BIIB  TMO  LLY  MDT  Merck  BoeingX  REGN  SYK  PKI 
 Merck_50 She smart, first step is the finance HAHAHA XD
 re_Claire  mrkhndy I think mrk is right m8
 Zaaraaaw Dustin <3
 linds_hay just looked at your work. It's not right. 1st step, denominator, should be (x +h) + 4.  sorry
Q mrk soy.
I love my  RingCentral phone system. One number for voice, fax, text. Request a demo.  ringcentral 
 mrk_chs Thanks Mr.K 🙌
SIA - Cheap Trill Faded Possidon (SOUTH BEATS Revolvers Edit) 
The fellas...E2 and Maddox!   Eliahsoul  therealtater  Merck 
Live streaming on Facebook right now,  Royal_LePageQc announces  the winner of their Mortgage Contest! 
Eli Lilly Stock Upgraded: What You Need to Know  PFE  LLY  Merck 
 Mrk_WX Scrumptious? Scintillating? Sensible? That's a tease, for sure.
Mrk esto 😍😍 
TRUTH! 
 TravisKoshko S. What's the rest of the word? Find out at noon.
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
|LIVE NOW| The Money Game:"Tactical Thurs."  blackdollars. blackeconomy.  meerkat 
 mrk_chs day two, still missing you
Mrk que calor
Mrk me traume. 
 faleamcrns Thank you din hehehe 😘💩🐼
Have tenure of the attractions in relation with beijing: Merck
. EDMBoutique reviews  DrummaBoyFRESH & TRK Merck's Usher "No Limit" feat. Young Thug remix. 
 knkykupl 
Thanks MrK!  Autumn can be spectacular…👍🏼
 KatelinHales I have not had time to scan and post yet. Give me about 45 min. Thanks  mathprobs
Dow  Stocks Trend  Boeing  P&G  CSCO  MSFT  IBM  Apple  AXP  Intel  CAT  V  MCD  JPM  Merck  DD  UTX  GS  VZ  MMM  Walmart    
Dow  Stocks Performance  AXP  IBM  CSCO  GE  HD  MSFT  Walmart  KO  Intel  JNJ  JPM  NKE  GS  Boeing  Merck  P&G  V  DD  more  
 Will_Bowden_ ah right - yeah I agree! Though i'm not totally against entrapment if you're sure the guy is guilty first :-p
“And he took a child and put him in the midst of them, and taking him in his arms, he said to them, "Whoever recei…” 
“And he sat down and called the twelve. And he said to them, "If anyone would be first, he must be last of all and…” 
And you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind…
John came baptizing in the wilderness and preaching a baptism of repentance for the remission of sins.
Mark 1:4 NKJV
I can't find the review on google classroom  mhs_mrk
 therave is Yellow Claw goin to be in the ballroom?
Just checked in at the Capitol Building. Getting ready to meet with senators! 
 dionvanboekel I would still vote due to the local/state elections.  Those candidates affect your daily life more typically anyway.
Economics:  Test tomorrow over Supply/Demand.   DontSacrificeIntegrity
3rd Hour:  Test corrections due tomorrow.
Laba,  linis,  luto tas aral tas memorize tas reporting. Damn this is the REAL adulthood babyyyyy 😂
 luismanuel134 Playback Mrk
Register for the upcoming What's new in Kerio Operator 2.5 webinar 
Wassup! Just started a  collabo with   Kosho_mrk  - 
[study_frontend] Yuichi Murata - babel_es2015: add a code of Class Property Declarations
 sophieb30 Hello, Sophie! Welcome aboard!
 Muhmad_dean yup 2 × 5 aje mrk berdua ni...unfortunately thats how poor the talents r in umno
Well, you've put it here beautifully, Jeff! It's an altogether a sad reality. 
 matara_18 all done
“They went out and preached that people should repent.”
Mark 6:12 NIV 
|LIVE NOW| Trump or Hillary  meerkat 
Bachs.  😂😂  JoanneBachicha 
 MrK_ycfc oh i'm  not disputing that mate, although I'd prefer him to stay. Just saying he's the victim of yet another absurd media sting
Finding out my gym crush has a kid 
Trending  Biotech topics include  AMGN,  Merck,  Coumadin  stocks  invest See more 
 Will_Bowden_ maybe I have a different moral compass. But Sam has acted unethically, brought the game and FA into disrepute and has to go.
Ye sach hai. Character! 
 KAYS  AMD  ARLZ-Green Low price stocks today-   JNJ  PFE  MRk  VRX  Apple  GOOG  MYL  BIIB  CELG  REGN  AKRX  BoeingBoeing… 
 MrK_ycfc anyone in any sport would've taken that offer. There is no scandal. It's false, it's wrong and ethically it's heinous.
|LIVE NOW|  BEERadioShow  meerkat 
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all yo…
 Will_Bowden_ but if it leads to cleaning up the game, it's a good thing. The end justifies the means. Always been Sam's motto, ironically!
Twitter be like: oops you already said that...
Me: bitch I wanna say it again
The sex did not happen if we don't cuddle afterwards
Cuddling 
Hoe is life 
Ye cheez! 
Check This Deal  495  2046 Vita D3 90 Tablet Health Care Beauty Vitamin Mineral Dietary Su… 
 FBkaBaap could you please explain? 😀 
 ARLZ  5.13 High of day - "buy the dips" here we go again..  JNJ  PFE  MRk  VRX  Apple  GOOG  MYL  BIIB  CELG  REGN… 
i can.
But when you are praying, first forgive anyone you are holding a grudge against, so that your Father in …
I tell you, you can pray for anything, and if you believe that you’ve received it, it will be yours.
 SPVibes1  Eyrikaatilia ttiba teringat lagu  HappyTogether 😂😂 *Imagine me n u, i do. i think about u day n night. Hahaa. *berGENG lah mrk ✌✌
 ARLZ &  AMD-Two for Tuesday - 2016 hottest Nasdaqs - moving again.  JNJ  PFE  MRk  VRX  Apple  GOOG  MYL  BIIB  CELG  REGN  AKR  CSCO  PCLN
Download M.R.K - My Place FT NTUX (Prod. Xero FxYu).flp mrk mastering.mp3 kk mixtape 2017.mp3 
 ARLZ  5.08 is GREEN - FDA new drug launch - NEXT WEEK!  JNJ  PFE  MRk  VRX  Apple  GOOG  MYL  BIIB  CELG  REGN… 
BBC News - CCTV images appeal over street attack in Glasgow 
“And Jesus answered saying to them, "Have faith in God. Truly I say to you, whoever says to this mountain, 'Be tak…” 
 ARLZ  5.08 is GREEN - FDA new drug launch - NEXT WEEK! Oregon  SPY  V
  AMZN  Walmart  TGT   SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  YHOO  DIS… 
U14 GIRLS champs. 4 matches: 41 goals for and ZERO games conceded!  KBHBrumbies  TEMHockey  hockeyvictoria… 
This precious fella brightens our days & is making our adjustment to life without MrK less painful. WeLOVEhimVERYmu… 
ERX Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corp. Tick
 ERX  BoeingBoeing  Merck  stockmarket
 Merck_290 interesting !
Merck Top news - Sep 27th, 2016  Merck 
 AMD- 6.40 &  ARLZ- 5.05 - New Chipsets and NEW FDA Drug Launch -Nasdaq   SPY  V  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD   DIS  P&G  Merck  Apple  GOOG
I can see thru you, and see your Tru colors
Oh okay... just kidding, Jeff. Carry on!  CallMeKarris  FCK_Merck_MAY
 KinggNella  FCK_Merck_MAY lol I meant more questions to stir up my timeline but ok lol
love joker
“why so serious so?” 
 CallMeKarris Hey Jeff, do you have friends like you? Particularly additional friends that I don't already know lmao  FCK_Merck_MAY
After John was put in prison, Jesus went into Galilee, proclaiming the good news of God. “The time has…
 KinggNella lmao na I woulda went at u a few years ago cuz I was a "split rent" type nigga. Lol now she get what she want I don't fight it
Knocking on heavens door
- No me gustan las cachapas. 
- A mi tampoco mrk, saben raro. 
 KAYS Sept Marijuana Index-  Opening 2 more stores Oregon  SPY  V  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY   DIS  FB  Merck… 
 KAYS - About to DOUBLE - Legal Marijuana Stores - Oregon  SPY  V
  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  YHOO  DIS… 
 MigurtVe mrk no
 AFLBarwon  GeelongFalcons  aflvic  Mt9Turner knees on asphalt ouch!!
 KAYS - Nov 8th - USA legalize VOTE- "Marijuana Millionaires"  SPY  V
  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  YHOO… 
 aflvic  MurrayBushiesFC  NBRebels  AFL_GM  AFLGippsland  AFL_YR  bendigopioneers  NEB_RGM  VLine  AFLBarwon  AFLSoutheast Mork  38 rocks!
Social CRM (IT) on Tweeted Times - top stories by  Hiteco_Merck
Here we gooooo!  FCK_Merck_MAY 
 KinggNella 😂 let em live
 nowheatforliz got it. Thanks!!
 mhs_mrk actually i lied i just walked in and mrs hruby is in here
 mhs_mrk i'm sitting in guildoo's room working on my essay but mrs weir is with your class
 nowheatforliz everything going ok in class??
Mrk 6:49 But when they saw him walking upon the sea, they supposed it had been a spirit, and cried out:  SamAllardyce
 TomiLahren you should be the next moderator in this shit show they call a debate
For this reason I tell you, whatever you  pray and ask for, believe... 
Okay ;Let's get in formation
  cause I slay 
Broken </3
Cluster Meet.
Money Money~
Very traffic.
xoxo
I made it to class with two minutes to spare. 🔥👌🏾
 Merck Major Pharma Continues to See Rising Tide in Short Interest 
Ce soir Subway ? 🤔
Dinner tonight with the team and my boss's, boss's, boss's, boss 😁
 Mrk_414 We would love to assist you with that DSL inquiry via chat or phone. See this link for help: GiselleM
AMEN!! 
Number crunching for the past day - 2 new unfollowers. Stats via 
 BoenischPaul as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more!… 
 832n_bee choo choo SHITAIN…💋💄
Paul  BoenischPaul is a North Vancouver Realtor that will put his customers' needs first.  
 sound4infinity Join to win JBL Headphones  THE_HELLKING07
 vikas2120  MahirMansuri5  pranesha1185  maruomprakash  Rishabh88137214  Merck_herE
 BoeingMBERC21 You can trust George Bamber and his fabulous team -one of top REALTORS® in Canada 
You can trust George Bamber  BoeingMBERC21 and his fabulous team -one of top REALTORS® in Canada… 
 sb3properties as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
On hearing this, Jesus said to them, “It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick. I have not come to... 
Vista Sothebys   Vista_SIR providing luxurious homes & luxury service 
 tanukihausotuki Twitter
Lynn from  lynnrangehomes is an experienced agent you can trust in marketing and in negotiation. Manhattan Beach, C… 
 lynnrangehomes  is an experienced agent you can trust in marketing and in negotiation. Manhattan Beach, CA 
 lynnrangehomes  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Foxhole coemption conjunction brain twister i have got to run the article entering your online occasions: Mrk 
GOOG Chemtura Corp. Shares
 GOOG  Merck  TNA  stocks
Check out iradiousa on  meerkat 
🆕 🎶  Usher "No Limit" ft  youngthug  ( DrummaBoyFRESH  &  trkmrkmusic  Remix)  Early… 
🆕 🎶  Usher "No Limit" ft  youngthug  (Drumma Boy & Trk Mrk Remix)  Early  'Morning  Dance… 
 KinggNella lol why y'all be doin this
😂😂😂😂😂
Mrk que asco. 
 ultrasvarun_dvn  xfangirlx_13  Varun_dvn  imbakhtyar d media in d article shld've put a question mrk in tht quote dn all dis wud'nt hv hpnd
Weekly Dow  Stocks Trend  Boeing  Apple  P&G  CAT  CSCO  Intel  MSFT  Merck  V  DD  UNH  MCD  UTX  JPM  AXP  GS  VZ  XOM    
Weekly Dow  Stocks Performance  Boeing  VZ  UTX  UNH  Merck  MCD  CVX  CAT  GE  CSCO  JNJ  PFE  MSFT  KO  MMM  IBM more  
 thehill Who is this cat, Mrk Cbuan?
“The second is this, 'Y OU SHALL LOVE YOUR NEIGHBOR AS YOURSELF.' There is no other commandment greater than these…” 
“AND YOU SHALL LOVE THE LORD YOUR G OD WITH ALL YOUR HEART, AND WITH ALL YOUR SOUL, AND WITH ALL YOUR MIND, AND WI…” 
Bite of Bread  faith  prayer 
I love this thread 
New nail💅🏼 New hairmist💄
 Dior  ネイル  ヘアミスト
 SkySportsNewsHQ  SkySports another  FA farce to add to the long list! All of them  corrupt! Bring in a pro like  alanshearer & start again
Update took 2hours... and gave me changes I don't need 
Daylight robbery 
Esquis mrk, ya que!
Lmao twitter
 alexilgreen she's cute!!!😉
Participate and win big goodies & hampers from  AMtouristerIN  Sensible_Mona  Sudip1210  bhumika1231  COOL8769  Merck_herE 
 ATxperience
Rare, orchidae, small disciplines in Europe. Are we able to share a definition ?Workshop in Brussels with CPU, HRK,… 
Sade - The Sweetest Taboo !!!
Top  Dow  Stocks Year-to-date CAT UNH Merck Walmart MMM CSCO VZ JNJ IBM P&G CVX XOM Intel  
That day 2 outlook though. Wow.
Top  Dow  Stocks Weekly Boeing VZ UTX UNH Merck MCD CVX CAT GE CSCO JNJ PFE MSFT KO MMM IBM P&G  
Top Trends  Dow  Stocks Boeing Apple P&G CAT CSCO Intel MSFT DD V Merck MCD UNH UTX AXP JPM GS VZ  
 iamsrkkkkkkkkk  just watch it on youtube bro!! U will get it!!! It works there are videos or youtube! Jus search vicks balm for stretch mrk
Best Support   Windows 8 Customer Service Phone Number 1-888-959-1458 US... via  YouTube
Hey is there a DSL outage in Milwaukee as well cause my router isn't connecting  ATT
 BMY well they didn't say anything about biotech tonight we could see a reversal tomorrow for now till next debate! Gittty up!!  Merck  GILD
Top  Dow  Stocks Weekly Alert Boeing VZ UTX UNH Merck MCD CVX CAT GE CSCO JNJ PFE MSFT KO  
Top  Dow  Stocks Trend Alert Boeing Apple P&G CAT CSCO Intel MSFT DD V Merck MCD UNH UTX AXP  
America needs to unite! 
Love the collaboration from this squad!   FHSSquadGoals  aimforthanksgiving 
Dow  Stocks Trend  Boeing  Apple  P&G  CAT  CSCO  Intel  MSFT  DD  V  Merck  MCD  UNH  UTX  AXP  JPM  GS  VZ  XOM  IBM    
Wee trip to  Edinburgh today,  Computer  Maintenance  Tailored_IT  LetTheTrainTakeTheStrain
Check out my stream on  meerkat
 Carscoop  emmajaynex0 What about this ?
 Disastergxrl mrk no son las 12
 rosangelicapaz_ eco mrk.
Then, calling the crowd to join his disciples, he said, “If any of you wants to be my follower, you must …
Big wk ahead w/ lots of data!
 DPRX Ph3
 ESPR Ph2
 GNCA Ph2b
 GWPH Ph3 LGS ✅
 KITE ZUMA-1 ✅
 ESMO2016 abstracts 9/… 
 estoyenboxer lo acepto mrk
mrk que ladilla weons 
 Mrk_Ryn tom. Pa
Easy home staging in any season - Neutrals with brightly coloured accents Planning an end of Summer  sale?  Whet... 
U.P Again later.
 CarlosPerez414 Fam hit that Jamaican accent out of nowhere & the turned it off
 Mrk_414 wheres his accent thoe lmao
 CarlosPerez414 when he said "you 43 & still tryin to do music " I LOST IT 😂😂😂
 realDonaldTrump Fool. mRk Cuban set u up n u took the bait. Like taking candy from a baby!
Substract.
Later na.
 Mrk_414  DaiIyRap i thought he died lmao
Not in myself because nothing good dwells in me--but in Him.   
I don't want to believe in this kingdom anymore  Merck
de donde son los hagapornis? — nose mrk. 
I just told  nbcwashington who I think is winning. Cast your vote now!  Debates  NBC4DC
Buy-signal detected for 6 stocks:  STZ  HRS  YUM  BLL  GOOG  Merck
Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton?
< Review of this fantastic traders teaching service!! Try it for FREE!  LLY  DGX  Merck  NVS  AMGN
Lmaooooooooooo wut. 
 JoshArenstam But actually. I've seen dead fish with more spirit
I'd be a sore loser if I lost the  Debates​ 
Nov. 2 is my  birthday! Please  vote for a great gift for my  party! ​  Debates
CER rough draft turn in tomorrow!
 LukeCage well, time to renew my Netflix subscription...
 stamina?  where? in be? ​  Debates
Pay us what we need or we can't protect you...  Trump ​  Debates
I can't take anything from the table, Oh nothing on the table? ​  Debates
 debates  herbshangout ​HOP IN! Join me in  LetsRabbit 
I took a restroom break. Who's  President  now? ​  Debates
Did  Rio2016 lose to the   Debates ? ​ 
 Borrow the oil, then file  bankruptcy  Trump  Debates​ 
Once they got in, getting out was  constipation!  Trump ​  Debates
I enjoy an extremely frozen  ISIS on a  hot  summer  day!  toosoon  master  debates 
 Trump's invitation for  Putin to  cyberespionage was out of jest! ​ 
 Putin! Sorry, I  sneezed... ​  Debates
 shoutout to  LesterHoltNBC for holding the  Debates down like an  OGtripleOG! ​ 
 Trump got  Obama to produce his birth,  certificate... ​  Debates
What took you so long to accept  Obamalegacy? ​  Debates
This debate is a wet, hot mess and I love it so much  debatenight
Trump not even answering these questions
Mr.  Trump? It's Donald to you! ​  Debates
Trump clearly just likes hearing himself talk
Young men who live in  brownsville  brooklyn  nyc  Clinton ​  Debates
Many of my brethren fell prey to  stopandfrisk ​  Debates
“He who believes and is baptized will be saved; but he who does not believe will be condemned.” Mark 16:16 
 mrk_chs dont forget my letter of recommendations due tomorrow
 trump agreed? LOL ​ 
  Debates
Why am I feeling this way about  Clinton? ​ 
Common sense isn't so common... ​  Debates
 white privilege? ​   Debates
Obvio mrk 
They're a few  blackownedbusinesses in  brownsville  brooklyn  nyc ​ 
Bringing back  stopandfrisk? ​  Debates
MB PowerShares DB Agriculture Fund Volume
 MB  Merck  NLS  share
 ArrobAraa_ no mrk:(
 JoshArenstam But actually.
Sean Kingston? 🤔 
He should be there 
|LIVE NOW|  nowwatching  debates  Debates2016  debatenight  TrumpVsClinton  herbshangout  meerkat 
 RealtyWealth as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
god bless the people translating arc 4
 RealtyWealth is now funding-Inviting  Angel  Investors visit   AngelList 
Bout to let my hair grow out & get that Hillary Clinton hairstyle
Pretty sure the debate is as equally informative with the sound off 😔
Woops... 
Joan Easton meets Strygerske Agnes Solberg in The Crooked Billet mrk.
But if ye do not forgive, neither will your Father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses.
Mark 11:26 …
Im all about you
|LIVE NOW| Watch the Debate with Me!  meerkat 
|LIVE NOW|  chux,   chuxAcademy, 
 grandmasterkeithGriffin 
Double chux,   DoubleChux  meerkat 
Relevant fact from the excellent site run by the  NARMedia unit: 1st-time buyers were 31% of sales in August  
ME AND MIKEY GON B THE HOTTEST ONES AT HO CO Mrk mY WORDS SKDJ
 ZurkRealty as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
|LIVE NOW| Typhoons MEGI in Taiwan  meerkat 
The Connecticut MLS  CTMLS is run by REALTORS®, for REALTORS® with over 10,000 REALTOR® members. Wallingford, CT… 
Join  narglobal with over 19,000 REALTORS®, including representatives from over 60 countries, at  NARAnnual! 
 realtycommander "how to stay  motivated in  realestate "
JOHNS&CO   JohnsCoLondon  the London New Homes specialists show us some brilliant pics of London at night 
 JohnsCoLondon as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
 realtycommander  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more 
Goodbye!
last.
ok. OffToSchool.
This week in Mark, Jesus feeds five thousand people with a couple of happy meals...
Read all about it!… 
From Realty Commander  realtycommander "how to stay  motivated in  realestate "
  
